--- Page 1 ---
ARGENTA SPAARBANK NV/SA 
incorporated with limited liability 
EUR 7,500,000,000 
Belgian Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme  
 
Under the EUR 7,500,000,000 Belgian Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Argenta 
Spaarbank NV/SA (“Argenta Spaarbank”, “ASPA” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue Belgian pandbrieven (Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) / European covered bonds (premium) (Europese gedekte obligatie 
(premium)/obligation garantie européenne (de qualité supérieure)) (the “Mortgage Pandbrieven”) in accordance with the Belgian law of 25 April 2014 on the 
status and supervision of credit institutions (the “Belgian Banking Law”) and its executing royal decrees and regulations (the “Belgian Covered Bonds 
Regulations”). The Mortgage Pandbrieven are transferable securities within the meaning of Article 2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and article 4(1)(44) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU. The aggregate outstanding principal amount of Mortgage Pandbrieven will not at any time exceed EUR 7,500,000,000 (as at the date of 
issuance of the Mortgage Pandbrieven), subject to increase as described herein. 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/E 
(the Prospectus Regulation) and has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus (which expression shall 
include this Base Prospectus as amended and/or supplemented from time to time and all documents incorporated by reference herein) has been approved as a base 
prospectus for the admission of the Mortgage Pandbrieven to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. In accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the “Luxembourg Law on 
Prospectus”), by approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not make any representation in 
respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in relation to any issuance of any Mortgage Pandbrieven that are not to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Market”) and for which a 
prospectus is not required in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. In relation to any Mortgage Pandbrieven, this Base Prospectus must be read as a 
whole and together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined below). Any Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base 
Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described or incorporated by reference herein. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme for the period of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Market or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, on a specific segment of the Market to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access (the “Professional Segment”). References in this Base Prospectus to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven being “listed” (and all related references), except where the context otherwise requires, shall mean that such Mortgage Pandbrieven have been listed 
and admitted to trading on the Market or, if applicable, the Professional Segment. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”). No certainty can be given that the application for the listing of any Mortgage Pandbrieven will be 
granted. Furthermore, admission of the Mortgage Pandbrieven to the official list and trading on the Market is not an indication of the merits of the Issuer or the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. Unlisted Mortgage Pandbrieven may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will specify whether or not such Mortgage Pandbrieven will be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Market or the 
Professional Segment (or any other stock exchange).  
The Supervisory Authority (as defined in “General description of the Programme”) has admitted the Issuer to the list of credit institutions that are authorised to 
issue covered bonds (available on the website of the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) at https://www.nbb.be/nl/financieel-toezicht/prudentieel-
toezicht/toezichtsdomeinen/kredietinstellingen/lijsten-2#bm_Header_0) and the NBB has admitted the Programme to the list of authorised programmes for the 
issuance of covered bonds under the category Belgian pandbrieven (Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) / European covered bonds (premium) (Europese 
gedekte obligatie (premium)/obligation garantie européenne (de qualité supérieure)) (available on the website of the NBB at https://www.nbb.be/nl/financieel-
toezicht/prudentieel-toezicht/toezichtsdomeinen/kredietinstellingen/lijsten/door-de). Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme will constitute Belgian 
pandbrieven / European covered bonds (premium) under the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations and will as such be included in the list of the NBB. 
This Base Prospectus received approval from the CSSF on 4 October 2024 and will be valid for 12 months from the date of its approval by the CSSF in 
relation to Mortgage Pandbrieven which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). This Base 
Prospectus is valid until 4 October 2025. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van 
Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations) and will be represented by a book entry in the records of the clearing system operated 
by the NBB or any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”).   
Each Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven may on issuance be assigned a rating by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“Standard & Poor’s”). Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s (“ESMA”) website (www.esma.europa.eu). 
Standard & Poor’s is not established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) but the ratings it will issue with respect to the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be endorsed by 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, the ratings issued by Standard & Poor’s may be used for regulatory purposes 
in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (as defined in “General description of the Programme”) to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to other Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any 
U.S. state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws.  
No analysis has been undertaken with respect to the status of the Issuer and the Special Estate for purposes of the regulations adopted under Section 13 of the 
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (commonly known as the "Volcker Rule"). Accordingly, no assurance is provided as to whether either or both 
of the Issuer and the Special Estate may be a “covered fund” for purposes of the Volcker Rule. None of the Issuer, the Parent, the Arranger, the Dealers or any

--- Page 2 ---
2
 
other party makes any representation or provides any assurances with respect to the status of the Issuer or the Special Estate for purposes of the Volcker Rule. Any 
prospective investor in the Mortgage Pandbrieven, including a U.S. or foreign bank or a subsidiary or other affiliate thereof, should consult its own legal advisers 
regarding the Volcker Rule and its effects. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, 
to individuals in Belgium qualifying as “consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Accordingly prospective investors in the Mortgage Pandbrieven should decide for 
themselves whether they want to invest in the Mortgage Pandbrieven and, as the case may be, obtain advice from a financial intermediary in that respect, in which 
case the relevant intermediary will have to determine whether or not the Mortgage Pandbrieven are a suitable investment for them. 
The issue price and amount of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on the then prevailing 
market conditions. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Base Prospectus, setting out certain 
risks in relation to the Issuer and the Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
 
Arranger 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Dealers 
 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Belfius Bank SA/NV  
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Natixis 
Norddeutsche Landesbank – Girozentrale – 
 
 
Base Prospectus dated 4 October 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
GENERAL 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Mortgage Pandbrieven in any Member State 
of the EEA and the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation and Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Mortgage Pandbrieven. Accordingly, any 
person making or intending to make an offer in a Member State of the EEA of Mortgage Pandbrieven which are 
the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms (“Final Terms”) 
in relation to the offer of those Mortgage Pandbrieven may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer (as defined in “GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME” below) 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer 
has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Mortgage Pandbrieven in circumstances in which 
an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. This Base 
Prospectus has been prepared on the basis of Annexes 7, 15 and 28 to Commission Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents incorporated by reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. This 
Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
incorporated by reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes 
no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made, or purported to be made, by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on their behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. The 
Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise 
(save as referred to above) which they might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such 
statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation 
by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any person supplied 
with other information provided in connection with the Programme should purchase Mortgage Pandbrieven. Each 
potential purchaser of Mortgage Pandbrieven should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Mortgage Pandbrieven should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Mortgage Pandbrieven of any information coming to the attention 
of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Investors should review, amongst other things, the most recent financial 
statements, if any, of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Mortgage Pandbrieven. The 
Arranger and the Dealers do not owe any fiduciary duties to any person in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
The Arranger or the Dealers have not prepared any financial statements or reports referred to in this Base 
Prospectus and have not separately conducted any due diligence.

--- Page 4 ---
4
 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented, or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which 
it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The minimum specified denomination of any Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be EUR 100,000 and integral multiples 
thereof. 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer’s 
business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes, and 
restructuring plans. 
Words such as believes, expects, projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or similar expressions 
are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. 
The Issuer does not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as may be required by applicable 
securities laws.  
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and 
specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in 
forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions 
expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the ability to maintain sufficient liquidity 
and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) the strength of global economy in 
general and the strength of the economies of the countries in which the Issuer conducts operations; (iv) the 
potential impact of sovereign risk, particularly in certain European Union countries which have recently come 
under market pressure; (v) adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to 
meet their obligations to the Issuer; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, trade and tax policies, 
and currency fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of the imposition of foreign exchange controls by government and 
monetary authorities; (ix) operational factors, such as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement 
procedures properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with respect to the Issuer’s business and practices in one or 
more of the countries in which the Issuer conducts operations; (xi) the adverse resolution of litigation and other 
contingencies; and (xii) the Issuer’s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing. 
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive; when evaluating forward-looking statements, investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks 
identified in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
Any information in this Base Prospectus sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced and as far as 
the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 5 ---
5
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFER 
OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN GENERALLY 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Mortgage Pandbrieven may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers or the Arranger represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that the Mortgage Pandbrieven may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger which is intended to permit an offer to the public of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, the Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or the Mortgage Pandbrieven may come are required by the 
Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Mortgage Pandbrieven and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
“SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”. 
The Arranger, the Noteholder’s Representative and the Dealers have not separately verified (i) the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or (ii) any statement, representation, or warranty, or compliance 
with any covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Mortgage Pandbrieven or any other agreement or document 
relating to any Mortgage Pandbrieven or made in connection with the Programme, as may be prepared, or 
approved in writing, by the Issuer for use in connection with the Programme. Accordingly, none of the Arranger, 
the Noteholders’ Representative or the Dealers makes any representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or (b) the execution, legality, effectiveness, 
adequacy, genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of any Mortgage Pandbrieven or any 
other agreement or document relating to any Mortgage Pandbrieven or the Programme. The Arranger and the 
Dealers are acting solely pursuant to a contractual relationship with the Issuer on an arm's length basis with respect 
to the issue, offer and sale of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (including in connection with determining the terms of 
the issue, offer and sale of the Mortgage Pandbrieven) and not as a financial adviser or a fiduciary to the Issuer or 
any other person. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. The Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the 
applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE SEC) ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER U.S. OR STATE REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF 
THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR 
CONFIRMED 
THE 
ACCURACY 
OR 
ADEQUACY 
OF 
THIS 
BASE 
PROSPECTUS. 
ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued as Green Bonds 
None of the Arranger nor the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental or sustainability 
assessment of any Mortgage Pandbrieven issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or 
assurance whether such Mortgage Pandbrieven will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding

--- Page 6 ---
6
 
such "green", "sustainability" or similar labels (including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy") and any related technical 
screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector 
("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in Belgium or any other 
relevant jurisdiction) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. None of the 
Arranger nor the Dealers are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Mortgage Pandbrieven issued as Green 
Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds.  
No representation or assurance is given by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any 
opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or 
any Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
In the event any such Mortgage Pandbrieven are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a 
dedicated "green", "sustainability" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person 
that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
Any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website relating to the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework and the information in the Green Bond Framework and any second party opinion is not part 
of this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision 
with respect to the Mortgage Pandbrieven. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto 
is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such opinion for the purpose of any investment in the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of 
its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the impact the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, including Mortgage Pandbrieven where the currency for principal and/or interest payments 
is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential

--- Page 7 ---
7
 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
legal investments for it, (ii) Mortgage Pandbrieven can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and 
(iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Mortgage Pandbrieven. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the issue of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, eligible investors referred to in 
Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax (“Eligible Investors”) 
holding their Mortgage Pandbrieven in an exempt account that has been opened with a financial institution that is 
a direct or indirect participant in the Securities Settlement System operated by the NBB. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors - The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium – The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to individuals 
qualifying as “consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended. 
MIFID II product governance / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– The Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Pandbrieven will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and which 
channels for distribution of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Mortgage Pandbrieven (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment. A distributor subject to MiFID II is, however, responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 8 ---
8
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Mortgage Pandbrieven is a manufacturer in respect of such Mortgage Pandbrieven, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– The Final Terms in respect of any Mortgage Pandbrieven may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and which 
channels for distribution of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Mortgage Pandbrieven (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Mortgage Pandbrieven is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Benchmark Regulation – Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Mortgage Pandbrieven may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does 
constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by 
an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the 
“ESMA Register”). Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional 
provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is 
not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms (or, 
if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). In addition, certain 
“benchmarks” may not fall in scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation. The 
registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator.  
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) (as administrator of 
EURIBOR) is included in the ESMA Register. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in the section “GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE 
PROGRAMME”) of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) 
(the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant 
Final Terms may over-allot Mortgage Pandbrieven or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of Mortgage Pandbrieven at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but 
it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Managers) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9
 
ENGLISH CONCEPTS 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are issued in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations as further 
described in this Base Prospectus. The official text of the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations is in Dutch and in 
French and any discrepancies or differences created in the translation of legal concepts in this Base Prospectus 
are not binding and have no legal effect. If any questions arise on the accuracy of the information in relation to 
the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations contained in this Base Prospectus, please refer to the official Dutch and 
French version of the relevant legislative text, which shall prevail.  
CURRENCIES 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “euro”, “EUR” 
and “€” are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted or adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 10 ---
10
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 3 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................... 11 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 28 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 53 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .............................................................................................. 55 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ........................................................................................................................... 58 
PROGRAMME DESCRIPTION .......................................................................................................................... 59 
OVERVIEW OF THE LEGAL FRAMEWORK FOR BELGIAN COVERED BONDS AND BELGIAN 
PANDBRIEVEN .................................................................................................................................................. 62 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN ........................................................... 83 
CLEARING ........................................................................................................................................................ 143 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 144 
GREEN BONDS ................................................................................................................................................ 145 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 147 
COMMON REPORTING STANDARD – EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION ............................................... 177 
THE PROPOSED EU FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX ............................................................................ 178 
BELGIAN TAXATION ON THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN ................................................................. 179 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION ON THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN ....................................................... 185 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 186 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 191 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 207

--- Page 11 ---
11
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Programme which are subject to terms 
and conditions and/or final terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus. In such circumstances, the relevant 
(form of) terms and conditions (and, if applicable, final terms) will be set out in a schedule to the Programme 
Agreement (as the same may be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time to time). 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of, this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference) and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the relevant Final Terms. Words and 
expressions defined or used in “Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven” shall have the same 
meaning in this overview. 
 
Information relating to the Issuer 
Issuer 
Argenta Spaarbank NV/SA (“Argenta Spaarbank”, “ASPA” and 
the “Issuer”).
Issuer’s legal entity identifier (“LEI”)
A6NZLYKYN1UV7VVGFX65
Information relating to the Issuer 
The Issuer is a credit institution incorporated as a limited liability 
company (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) of unlimited 
duration incorporated under Belgian law, having its registered 
office at Belgiëlei 49-53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium, and registered 
with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 
0404.453.574, RPR/RPM Antwerp, division Antwerp.
Website of the Issuer 
www.argenta.eu  
The information on www.argenta.eu does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has otherwise 
expressly been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.
Parent 
Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV, a mixed financial 
holding company pursuant to Article 3, 39° of the Belgian 
Banking Law, incorporated as a limited liability company under 
the laws of Belgium, having its registered office at Belgiëlei 49-
53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium, and registered with the Crossroads 
Bank for Enterprises under number 0475.525.276, RPR/RPM 
Antwerp, division Antwerp.
Issuer License 
The “Supervisory Authority” (i.e. the National Bank of Belgium 
or the European Central Bank, as applicable, and any other 
supervisory authority to which relevant powers may be 
transferred) admitted the Issuer to the list of credit institutions that 
are authorised to issue Belgian covered bonds on 21 September 
2020.

--- Page 12 ---
12
 
Information relating to the Programme
Description 
The 
Belgian 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Programme 
(the 
“Programme”) is a programme for the continuous offer of 
Belgian pandbrieven (Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage 
belges) / European covered bonds (premium) (Europese gedekte 
obligatie (premium)/obligation garantie européenne (de qualité 
supérieure)) (the “Mortgage Pandbrieven”) in accordance with 
the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit 
institutions (the “Belgian Banking Law”) and its executing royal 
decrees and regulations (the “Belgian Covered Bonds 
Regulations”) on any issue date (each, an “Issue Date”). 
Programme license 
On 19 January 2021, the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) 
admitted the Programme to the list of authorised programmes for 
the issuance of covered bonds under the category Belgian 
pandbrieven (Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) / 
European covered bonds (premium) (Europese gedekte obligatie 
(premium)/obligation 
garantie 
européenne 
(de 
qualité 
supérieure)). Upon so being notified by the Issuer, the NBB shall 
regularly update such list with the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued 
under the Programme and shall indicate that the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven constitute Belgian pandbrieven / European covered 
bonds (premium) under the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations.
Information relating to the Programme 
Size 
EUR 7,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may increase 
the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement.
Belgian Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued as Belgian pandbrieven 
(Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) / European 
covered 
bonds 
(premium) 
(Europese 
gedekte 
obligatie 
(premium)/obligation 
garantie 
européenne 
(de 
qualité 
supérieure)), in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Regulations.  
All Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued under the Programme will 
be 
covered 
by 
the 
same 
special 
estate 
(bijzonder 
vermogen/patrimoine spécial) (the “Special Estate”). The 
primary asset class of the Special Estate will consist of the Issuer’s 
residential mortgage loans within the meaning of the Belgian 
Covered Bonds Regulations (the “Residential Mortgage Loans”, 
and together with any other assets registered as cover assets 
(dekkingsactiva/actifs de couverture), the “Cover Assets”). The 
Issuer shall procure that the value of the Residential Mortgage 
Loans calculated in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Regulations (and including any collections in respect thereto) will 
at all times represent at least 105 per cent. of the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all 
Series. The Issuer will maintain a cover register in which both the

--- Page 13 ---
13
 
issued Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Cover Assets are registered 
(the “Cover Register”). 
 
See Section “Overview of the Legal Framework for Belgian 
Covered Bonds and Belgian Pandbrieven” and Condition 9 
(Issuer Covenant) for further information on the composition of 
the Special Estate.
Status 
and 
ranking 
of 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
at all times pari passu, without any preference among themselves, 
and with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future. Pursuant to the 
Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations, the Noteholders, together 
with the holders of any other Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under 
the Programme and any Other Creditors (as defined below) will 
have: 
(a) 
a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
(chirografair/chirographaire) claim on the general 
estate of the Issuer; 
(b) 
in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated against 
the Issuer or the Issuer is being resolved, an exclusive 
recourse against the assets which constitute the Special 
Estate; and 
(c) 
in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated against 
the Issuer and the Special Estate is not sufficient to cover 
for their claims, an unsecured, unsubordinated recourse 
against the general estate of the Issuer. 
Issuer Covenant 
The Issuer will covenant in favour of the Noteholders and the 
Noteholders’ Representative to:  
(a) 
comply with all obligations imposed on it under the 
Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations;  
(b) 
ensure that the Special Estate will mainly consist of 
Residential Mortgage Loans;  
(c) 
ensure that the Special Estate will not contain any 
commercial mortgage loans;  
(d) 
ensure that the cover asset value of the Residential 
Mortgage Loans that are registered as Cover Assets in the 
Cover Register (and including any collections in respect 
thereto) (a) are calculated in accordance with the Belgian 
Covered Bonds Regulations and (b) will at all times 
represent at least 105 per cent. of the aggregate 
outstanding 
principal 
amount 
of 
the 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of all Series (it being understood that any 
surplus above 105 per cent. may be composed of other 
eligible assets under the Programme);

--- Page 14 ---
14
 
(e) 
ensure that only Residential Mortgage Loans with a 
current loan to current value ratio of maximum 120 per 
cent. will be added to the Special Estate;  
(f) 
ensure that only fully drawn Residential Mortgage Loans 
will be added to the Special Estate;  
(g) 
ensure that the Special Estate will at all times include 
liquid Cover Assets meeting the criteria set out in the 
Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations and which (a) are 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
purposes and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem, (b) have a credit quality step 1 as defined in 
the Capital Requirements Regulation (as defined in 
Condition 7(a)(i)), (c) are subject to a daily mark-to-
market and have a market value which, after applying the 
European Central Bank (“ECB”) haircut in accordance 
with the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the ECB of 19 
December 2014 on the implementation of the Eurosystem 
monetary policy (as amended, supplemented, replaced 
and/or restated from time to time), is higher than the 
amount of interest due and payable on the outstanding 
Mortgage Pandbrieven within a period of six months, (d) 
have a remaining maturity of more than one year, and (e) 
are not debt issued by the Issuer, the Parent or any other 
entity of the Argenta Group; and 
(h) 
provide regular investor reports with regard to, amongst 
others, the composition of the Special Estate which will 
be made available on the website of the Issuer at 
www.argenta.eu on a monthly basis.
Negative Pledge
None
Cross-Default 
None (other than cross-acceleration between Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven)
Cross-Acceleration 
Upon service of an acceleration notice under any of the Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, all Mortgage Pandbrieven will become 
immediately due and payable on the relevant acceleration date, 
together with any accrued interest, and they will rank pari passu 
among themselves.
INFORMATION ON PARTIES INVOLVED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Arranger
Belfius Bank SA/NV
Dealers 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Belfius Bank SA/NV, Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg, Natixis and Norddeutsche Landesbank – 
Girozentrale –
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers either

--- Page 15 ---
15
 
in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme.
Paying Agent
Belfius Bank SA/NV
Servicer 
in relation to the Residential Mortgage Loans, Argenta Spaarbank 
NV/SA, or such other servicer as may be appointed from time to 
time.
Noteholders’ Representative 
Stichting 
Argenta 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Noteholders’ 
Representative, a foundation (stichting) incorporated under Dutch 
law on 19 January 2021. It has its registered office at Amsterdam. 
Its managing director is Amsterdamsch Trustee’s Kantoor B.V.
Cover Pool Monitor 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV and its representative (as approved by 
the NBB in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Regulations). The Cover Pool Monitor will perform its duties in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations and the 
contractual arrangements that will be agreed upon between the 
Cover Pool Monitor and the Issuer.
Cover Pool Administrator 
The Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations provide that, in certain 
circumstances of distress, the NBB may replace the management 
of the Special Estate by entrusting it to a cover pool administrator. 
Such circumstances are any of the following:  
(a) 
upon the adoption of a measure or sanction as referred to 
in Article 8, § 1, 1° of Annex III to the Belgian Banking 
Law in respect of the Issuer if such measure or sanction 
or the reason(s) why it is imposed may, in the opinion of 
the NBB, negatively affect (aantasten/affecter) the rights 
of the Noteholders and/or third parties having a claim on 
the Special Estate; 
(b) 
in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated against 
the Issuer or the Issuer is being resolved; 
(c) 
upon the withdrawal of any of the authorisations referred 
to in Articles 80, §1 and 81, §1 of the Belgian Banking 
Law; and 
(d) 
in circumstances where the situation of the Issuer is such 
that it may seriously affect (ernstig in gevaar kan 
brengen/mettre gravement en péril) the interests of the 
Noteholders.
The parties listed above (other than any Cover Pool Administrator) are appointed to act in respect of the 
Programme pursuant to the Programme Documents as further described under the Section “Programme 
Description” of this Base Prospectus (the “Programme Documents”). The relevant Programme Documents 
provide that other parties may be appointed from time to time and contain certain provisions in relation to the 
replacement of the above-mentioned parties. 
Information relating to Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under this Base Prospectus

--- Page 16 ---
16
 
Method of Issue 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued in 
series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) (or identical other than in respect of the issue 
price and/or the first payment of interest), the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Mortgage Pandbrieven of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each, a “Tranche”) on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which 
will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest, principal amount of the Tranche and/or the 
Temporary ISIN Code and Temporary Common Code (if any and 
as defined in the relevant Final Terms), will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the 
Final Terms.
Issue Price 
Mortgage Pandbrieven may be issued at their principal amount or 
at a discount or premium to their principal amount, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
Form of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued in dematerialised form in 
accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code 
(Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des 
Sociétés et des Associations) via the book-entry system maintained 
in the records of the Securities Settlement System (defined below).
Clearing Systems 
The settlement system operated by the NBB or any successor 
thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”).  
Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through 
those of the participants in the Securities Settlement System whose 
membership extends to securities such as the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and through other national or international NBB 
investors central securities depositories (NBB investor (I)CSDs)1. 
Participants in the Securities Settlement System include certain 
banks, stockbrokers (beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse), 
Clearstream 
Banking 
Frankfurt 
(“Clearstream 
Banking 
Frankfurt”), Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear Bank”), 
Euroclear France S.A. (“Euroclear France”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(“Euronext Securities Milan”), Interbolsa, S.A. (“Euronext 
Securities Porto”), Iberclear-ARCO (“IBERCLEAR”), OeKB 
CSD GmbH (“OeKB”), SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”). Accordingly, 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be eligible to clear through, and 
therefore accepted by, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt, SIX SIS, and Euronext Securities Milan and investors 
can hold their interests in the Mortgage Pandbrieven within 
securities accounts in Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear 
 
1  
The official list of participants as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time can be consulted on the website of 
the NBB: https://www.nbb.be/doc/ti/csd_links_and_ssis.pdf. The information contained on the website of the National Bank of 
Belgium (www.nbb.be) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 17 ---
17
 
Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext 
Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS and any other 
NBB investor (I)CSDs, or other participants in the Securities 
Settlement System.
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be credited to the accounts held with 
the Securities Settlement System by Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities 
Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, 
any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or any other Securities 
Settlement System participants.
Currencies
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued in Euro.
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, each Mortgage Pandbrief will have the maturity as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Denomination 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued in such denominations as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms save that the 
minimum denomination of each Mortgage Pandbrief will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Mortgage Pandbrief will 
be EUR 100,000 and integral multiples thereof.
Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven will bear interest at a fixed rate 
payable in arrears on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If an indication of yield is included in the relevant Final Terms, the 
yield of each Tranche of Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven will be 
calculated on the basis of the relevant issue price at the relevant 
issue date. It is not an indication of future yield.
Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven will bear interest set 
separately for each Series by reference to EURIBOR (or such other 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
adjusted for any applicable margin as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Maximum or Minimum Rates of 
Interest 
Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven may specify a Maximum 
Rate of Interest or a Minimum Rate of Interest, or both, as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. If a Maximum Rate of 
Interest is specified, then the interest payable will in no case be 
higher than such rate and if a Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified, then the interest payable will in no case be lower than 
such rate.
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued at a price 
which is at a discount or premium to their principal amount, and

--- Page 18 ---
18
 
will not bear interest (except in the case of late payment or in case 
of extension of their Maturity Date, as set out in the Conditions).
Redemption 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be redeemed either (i) at 100% per 
Calculation Amount, or (ii) at an amount per Calculation Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that the amount so 
specified shall be at least 100% per Calculation Amount.  
The relevant Final Terms will indicate the scheduled maturity date 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (the “Maturity Date”). The relevant 
Mortgage Pandbrieven cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity, other than in certain specified events such as Redemption 
for Taxation Reasons and/or Redemption for Illegality. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will state whether such Mortgage Pandbrieven may 
be redeemed (either in whole or in part) prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Noteholders (“Noteholder Put”) or 
at the option of the Issuer (“Issuer Call”), and if so, the terms 
applicable to such redemption shall be as set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of such Mortgage Pandbrieven, in accordance with the 
elections made in the relevant Final Terms.
Extended Maturity Date 
(i) If (i) the Issuer has insufficient funds available to redeem the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of a Series at their Final Redemption 
Amount in full within five Business Days after their Maturity 
Date (“Failure to Pay”), or (ii) the Cover Pool Administrator 
decides to extend the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in the event liquidation proceedings 
are initiated against the Issuer or the Issuer is being resolved, 
then: 
A. save to the extent Condition 3(j)(i)(D) applies, the 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Series shall be 
automatically deferred to, and shall be due on the date 
falling one year after such Maturity Date which shall be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Extended 
Maturity Date”); 
B. the Issuer, or as the case may be the Cover Pool 
Administrator on its behalf, shall give notice of the 
extension of the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity 
Date to the Noteholders of such Series, the Noteholders’ 
Representative, the Rating Agencies and the Paying 
Agent as soon as reasonably practicable, it being 
understood that a failure to notify shall not affect such 
extension of the Maturity Date; 
C. the Issuer shall inform the NBB of the reasons for the 
extension of the Maturity Date within 15 Business Days 
of such extension, submit an action plan to the NBB 
setting out the measures the Issuer intends to take to 
ensure that all amounts owed shall be repaid on the 
Extended Maturity Date. If the extension of the Maturity

--- Page 19 ---
19
 
Date is caused by a Failure to Pay, the Issuer shall 
demonstrate to the NBB that it has taken all reasonable 
efforts to prevent the extension of the Maturity Date from 
occurring; 
D. Subject to Condition 3(j)(iii), if and to the extent that on 
any subsequent Interest Payment Date (as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms) falling prior to the Extended 
Maturity Date (each an “Extension Payment Date”), the 
Issuer has available funds, then the Issuer shall (a) give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders of such Series, the 
Noteholders’ Representative and the Paying Agent as 
soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least 
two Business Days prior to such Extension Payment Date 
and (b) apply such available funds to redeem the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of such Series on such Extension 
Payment Date at their Final Redemption Amount; and 
E. save as otherwise provided for in the relevant Final 
Terms, interest shall (a) accrue on the unpaid portion of 
such Final Redemption Amount from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extension Payment 
Date, the Extended Maturity Date or, as the case may be, 
the date the Mortgage Pandbrieven of such Series are 
fully redeemed in accordance with Condition 3(j)(iii) (b) 
be payable in arrears on each Extension Payment Date (in 
respect of the Interest Period then ended) or, if earlier, on 
the Extended Maturity Date or the date of any redemption 
pursuant to Condition 3(j)(iii) and (c) accrue at the rate 
provided for in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) An extension of one Series does not automatically trigger the 
extension of other Series. If the maturity date of any Series 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven has been extended in accordance 
with the relevant terms and conditions (the “Extended 
Mortgage Pandbrieven”), and the Maturity Date of another 
Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (the “Relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven”) falls prior to the extended maturity date of 
the Extended Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Maturity Date of 
such Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven shall also be extended 
in accordance with Condition 3(j)(i) if on the Maturity Date 
of the Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Extended 
Mortgage Pandbrieven have not yet been redeemed in full 
and all interest accrued in respect thereof has not been paid. 
Without prejudice to Condition 18 (Post-Acceleration 
Priority of Payments), the Issuer will only make a payment 
of principal pursuant to Condition 3(a) (Final Redemption) 
or pursuant to Condition 3(j) (Extension of Maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) where the Extended Maturity Date 
of the Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven falls after the 
extended maturity date of the Extended Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, after or simultaneously with the redemption in 
full of the Extended Mortgage Pandbrieven and payment of

--- Page 20 ---
20
 
all interest accrued in respect thereof. ‘Extended Mortgage 
Pandbrieven’ as referred to in Condition 3(j)(ii) shall include 
any other Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven extended on the 
basis of provisions similar to Condition 3(j)(ii) included in 
the relevant terms and conditions of such other Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with Article 13/1, §2 
in fine of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
(iii) Notwithstanding Condition 3(j)(i)(D), if a Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven is extended in accordance with 
Condition 3(j)(i) and any subsequent Extension Payment 
Date of such Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven falls after the 
maturity date of any other Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
payment may be made on another date than an Extension 
Payment Date, provided that notice thereof is given to the 
Noteholders of such Series, the Noteholders’ Representative 
and the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and 
in any event at least two Business Days prior to the relevant 
payment date.  
(iv) In the case the Mortgage Pandbrieven to which an Extended 
Maturity Date applies are Zero Coupon Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, the outstanding principal amount will for the 
purposes of Condition 3(j) (Extension of Maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) be the total amount otherwise 
payable by the Issuer but unpaid on the relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven on the Maturity Date. 
(v) Any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
under Condition 3(j) (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) shall be irrevocable. Where Condition 3(j) 
(Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) 
applies, failure by the Issuer to redeem in full the relevant 
Mortgage Pandbrieven on the Maturity Date or on any 
subsequent Extension Payment Date (or the relevant later 
date in case of an applicable grace period) shall not constitute 
a Payment Default (as defined below). However, failure by 
the Issuer to redeem in full the relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven on the Extended Maturity Date or in accordance 
with Condition 3(j)(iii) shall be a failure to pay which may 
constitute a Payment Default.  
(vi) Any payments which may be subject to an extension in 
accordance with Condition 3(j) (Extension of Maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) shall not be deemed to constitute 
an outgoing payment flow (uitgaande betalingsstroom/flux 
de paiement sortant) for the purpose of Article 7, §1 of the 
Royal Decree of 11 October 2012 on the issuance of Belgian 
covered bonds by Belgian credit institutions. 
(vii) If the maturity date of any Mortgage Pandbrieven is extended 
up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 3(j) (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date), for so long as any of those Mortgage

--- Page 21 ---
21
 
Pandbrieven remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue 
any further Mortgage Pandbrieven, unless the proceeds of 
issuance of such further Mortgage Pandbrieven are applied 
by the Issuer upon issuance in redeeming in whole or in part 
the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with the 
terms hereof.
Post-Acceleration 
Priority 
of 
Payments 
All monies (other than amounts standing to the credit of a swap 
collateral account, if any, which will be applied in accordance with 
the provisions of the relevant derivative contract) received or 
recovered by the Special Estate (whether in the administration, 
liquidation of the Special Estate or otherwise) following (i) the 
service of an Acceleration Notice or (ii) a liquidation of the Special 
Estate in accordance with Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex III to the 
Belgian Banking Law (pursuant to which, in case of the opening 
of a liquiditation procedure, the Cover Pool Monitor may under 
certain circumstances and subject to certain conditions proceed 
with the liquidation of the Special Estate and the early redemption 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven), will be applied in the following 
order of priority (the “Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments”), 
in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions 
of a higher priority have been made: 
(e) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due and 
payable, including any costs, charges, liabilities and 
expenses, to the Cover Pool Administrator (including any 
of its representatives and delegates); 
(f) 
second, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due and 
payable, including any costs, charges, liabilities and 
expenses, to the Noteholders’ Representative; 
(g) 
third, on a pari passu and pro rata basis, in or towards 
satisfaction of any Expenses which are due and payable 
to the Operating Creditors; 
(h) 
fourth, on a pari passu and pro rata basis, in or towards 
satisfaction of (i) any Pari Passu Swap Amounts and (ii) 
any payments of amounts due and payable to Noteholders 
pro rata and pari passu on each Series in accordance with 
the Conditions; 
(i) 
fifth, on a pari passu and pro rata basis, in or towards 
satisfaction of any Junior Swap Amounts; and 
(j) 
sixth, thereafter any remaining monies will be paid to the 
general estate of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this provision, terms in capital letters have the 
following meaning:  
“Expenses” means any costs, charges, liabilities, expenses or 
other amounts payable by the Issuer or by the Special Estate, as

--- Page 22 ---
22
 
applicable, to any Operating Creditor plus any value added tax or 
any other tax or duty payable thereon. 
“Derivative Contract Counterparty” means a counterparty 
under a derivative contract entered into by the Issuer in relation to 
the Special Estate.  
“Junior Swap Amount” means any swap termination amount 
whereby the Derivative Contract Counterparty is the defaulting 
party or any such other amount, including any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses, due and payable to a Derivative Contract 
Counterparty (in accordance with the relevant derivative contract) 
and which under the relevant derivative contract are expressed to 
rank junior to interest and principal due to Noteholders and any 
other party ranking senior in accordance with the Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
“Operating Creditor” means any of (1) the Paying Agent, (2) the 
Cover Pool Monitor, (3) the Servicer, (4) any account bank 
holding assets on behalf of the Special Estate, (5) any stock 
exchange on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed, (6) the 
Issuer's statutory auditor(s), legal counsel and tax advisers for 
services provided for the benefit of the Special Estate, (7) the 
Rating Agencies in relation to any Mortgage Pandbrieven issued 
under the Programme, (8) any independent accountant or 
independent calculation agent for services provided for the benefit 
of the Special Estate, (9) any custodian in relation to the 
Programme, (10) any agent or party appointed in accordance with 
the Programme Documents or any other creditor of amounts due 
in connection with the management and administration of the 
Special Estate (11), any Independent Adviser and (12) any other 
creditor which may have a claim against the Special Estate as a 
result of any services provided or contracts entered into in relation 
to the Mortgage Pandbrieven or the Programme, as may from time 
to time be specified in the Terms and Conditions of any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme. 
“Other Creditor” means the Noteholders’ Representative, any 
Operating Creditor, any Derivative Contract Counterparty and the 
Cover Pool Administrator.  
“Pari Passu Swap Amount” means each amount, including any 
costs, charges, liabilities and expenses, due and payable to a 
Derivative Contract Counterparty and which under the relevant 
derivative contract are expressed to rank pari passu with interest 
or principal (as applicable) due to Noteholders.
Payment Default 
Failure by the Issuer to pay (i) any principal amount in respect of 
any Mortgage Pandbrief on the Extended Maturity Date or 
pursuant to Condition 3(j) (Redemption, Purchase and Options –
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), or (ii) any 
interest in respect of any Mortgage Pandbrief within five (5) 
Business Days from the day on which such interest becomes due 
and payable, shall constitute a payment default (“Payment

--- Page 23 ---
23
 
Default”) if such failure remains unremedied for ten (10) Business 
Days after the Noteholders’ Representative has given written 
notice thereof to the Issuer by registered mail or per courier and 
with return receipt (“Payment Notice”). In case of failure by the 
Noteholders’ Representative to deliver such Payment Notice, any 
Noteholder may deliver such notice to the Issuer (with a copy to 
the Noteholders’ Representative). The date on which a Payment 
Default occurs shall be the date on which the Noteholders’ 
Representative or any Noteholder has given notice of such 
Payment Default plus ten (10) Business Days (the “Payment 
Default Date”). 
Without prejudice to the powers granted to the Cover Pool 
Administrator, if a Payment Default occurs in relation to a 
particular Series, the Noteholders’ Representative may, and shall 
if so requested in writing by the Noteholders of at least 662/3 per 
cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the relevant Series of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven then outstanding (excluding any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven which may be held by the Issuer), serve a 
notice on the Issuer (“Acceleration Notice”) by registered mail or 
per courier and with return receipt that a Payment Default has 
occurred in relation to such Series, provided in each case it shall 
have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. 
The Acceleration Notice will specify the date on which the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven become immediately due and payable, (the 
“Acceleration Date”), which will be at least two (2) Business 
Days after the Payment Default Date.
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be made free and clear of withholding taxes of 
Belgium unless the withholding is required by law. In such event, 
the Issuer shall, subject to certain exceptions, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholder of such 
amounts as would have been received by it had no such 
withholding been required, all as described in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven – Taxation”, “Common 
Reporting Standard – Exchange of information” and “Belgian 
Taxation on the Mortgage Pandbrieven”. 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is, 
subject to certain exceptions, no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to resident or non-resident 
Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax 
payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven held by non-resident Noteholders, as further 
described 
in 
“Luxembourg 
Taxation 
on 
the 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven”.
Governing Law
Belgian law.

--- Page 24 ---
24
 
Listing and Admission to Trading and 
approval by the CSSF 
Application has been made for Mortgage Pandbrieven of any 
Series to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 
2011/61/EU (recast) (where it is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms that such Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven is to be listed and 
admitted to trading on such market). If specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be traded only on a 
specific segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (the “Professional Segment”) to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
The CSSF, in its capacity as the competent authority for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base 
Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or, if applicable, the 
Professional Segment.
Ratings 
Each Tranche/Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the 
Programme may be rated by S&P Global Ratings, acting through 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and/or by such other 
rating agency as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(each a “Rating Agency”, together the “Rating Agencies”). 
S&P is established in the European Union and is included in the 
updated list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation published on the ESMA’s website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) on or about the date of this Base 
Prospectus. S&P is not established in the UK but the ratings it will 
issue with respect to the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be endorsed 
by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, the 
ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Where a Tranche/Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven is to be rated, 
such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit 
rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or 
(2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit

--- Page 25 ---
25
 
rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the European Union which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Tranches of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated.
Selling Restrictions 
Belgium, European Economic Area, Italy, Japan, Switzerland, UK 
and United States. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
The debt securities of the Issuer are eligible for Category 2 (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to EEA Retail Investors and UK Retail Investors. 
See “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not intended to be offered sold, or 
otherwise made available to, and will not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available, in Belgium, to any individual qualifying 
as a “consumer” (consommateur/ consument) within the meaning 
of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de 
droit économique/Wetboek van Economisch Recht). 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may only be held by, and may only be 
transferred to, Eligible Investors referred to in Article 4 of the 
Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of 
withholding tax holding their Mortgage Pandbrieven in an exempt 
account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a

--- Page 26 ---
26
 
direct or indirect participant in the Securities Settlement Systems 
operated by the NBB. 
Such Eligible Investors include, inter alia: 
a) 
Belgian companies subject to Belgian corporate income 
tax as referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the Belgian code on 
income tax of 1992 (wetboek van de inkomenstenbelastingen 
1992/code des impôts sur les revenus 1992, the “BITC 1992”); 
b) 
institutions, associations or companies specified in 
Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on the control of insurance 
companies other than those referred to in (a) and (c), subject to the 
application of Article 262, 1° and 5° of the BITC 1992;  
c) 
state 
regulated 
institutions 
(parastatale 
instellingen/organismes paraétatiques) for social security, or 
institutions which are assimilated therewith, provided for in 
Article 105, 2º of the royal decree implementing the BITC 1992 
(koninklijk besluit tot uitvoering van het wetboek van de 
inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal d’exécution du code des 
impôts sur les revenus 1992, the “RD/BITC 1992”); 
d) 
non-resident savers provided for in Article 105, 5º of the 
RD/BITC 1992; 
e) 
investment funds, recognised in the framework of 
pension savings, provided for in Article 115 of the RD/BITC 1992; 
f) 
taxpayers provided for in Article 227, 2º of the BITC 
1992 which have used the income generating capital for the 
exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which are 
subject to non-resident income tax pursuant to Article 233 of the 
BITC 1992; 
g) 
the Belgian State in respect of investments which are 
exempt from withholding tax in accordance with Article 265 of the 
BITC 1992; 
h) 
collective investment funds governed by foreign law 
which are an indivisible estate managed by a management 
company for the account of the participants, provided the fund 
units are not offered publicly in Belgium nor traded in Belgium; 
and 
i) 
Belgian resident corporations, not provided for under (a) 
above, when their activities exclusively or principally consist of 
the granting of credits and loans.
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven will 
be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. If, in 
respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 27 ---
27
 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may indicate that an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
from an issue of such Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be specifically 
applied to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or 
existing green loans (the “Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”) as 
defined in, and subject to the conditions set out in, the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework.  
The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework is publicly available on the 
Issuer’s website (https://www.argenta.eu/investor-relations/debt-
issuance.html). The Green Bond Framework is not incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Investors should have regard to the factors described under the 
section headed “Risk related to the Mortgage Pandbrieven” in the 
Base Prospectus, in particular the risk factor entitled “Specific 
risks relating to Green Bonds”.

--- Page 28 ---
28
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prior to making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of the Mortgage Pandbrieven should consider 
carefully, in light of the circumstances and their investment objectives, the information contained in this entire 
Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision and consult with their own professional advisors (if they consider it necessary). 
This section sets out the risks which the Issuer believes are specific to it and/or to the Mortgage Pandbrieven and 
which are deemed to be material to investors for taking an informed decision in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
issued under the Programme. The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under this offering. All of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Mortgage Pandbrieven may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Issuer based on the information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. The Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result 
of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision and consult with their own professional advisers (if they consider it necessary). 
“Argenta Group” means Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV and its subsidiaries from time to time 
(including the Issuer). 
“Bank Pool” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meanings ascribed to them in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven” below. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN 
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation 
1.1 
The earnings and the capital position of the Issuer are subject to fluctuations caused by market risks  
The Issuer is exposed to different types of market risks, such as interest rate risk and spread risk. 
Interest rate risk is the primary market risk to which the Issuer is exposed. Changes in the levels of 
interest rates can have an adverse effect on the earnings of the Issuer and the market values of its 
investments. A major component of the Issuer’s business strategy consists of attracting short to medium-
term funds (primarily via savings deposits placed by retail customers, but also via wholesale funding), 
and investing these through a variety of loans and investments. The terms of these reinvestments do not 
necessarily match with the duration of the short to medium-term funds that were attracted. The impact 
on earnings and market values of interest rate changes depends on the size of the duration mismatch 
between assets and liabilities, and the existence of embedded options on the balance sheet.

--- Page 29 ---
29
 
The Issuer has a strong concentration of regulated saving accounts in Belgium. Under Belgian law, the 
Issuer is required to pay a minimum guaranteed interest rate on regulated saving accounts. As a result, 
the Issuer may not be able to fully translate a decrease in market interest rates in the pricing of its saving 
accounts, which may negatively affect its net interest rate margin.  
The Issuer provides mortgage loans to Belgian retail clients who are allowed to prepay, under Belgian 
law, the outstanding capital at a fixed penalty. In case of decreasing interest rates there is a risk that the 
fixed penalty (which is an amount fixed by the Applicable Banking Regulation (as defined below)) does 
not compensate fully the Issuer for the future earning losses that the Issuer will incur in case of 
prepayment of loans by customers.  
The Issuer uses a range of instruments and strategies to partly hedge against interest rate risks. If these 
instruments and strategies prove ineffective or only partially effective, the Issuer may suffer losses. 
Unforeseen market developments may significantly reduce the effectiveness of measures taken by the 
Issuer to hedge such risks. Gains and losses from ineffective risk-hedging measures may heighten the 
volatility of results achieved by the Issuer and could therefore have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit spread risk through its investment portfolio. Fluctuations in credit spreads 
may have an adverse effect on the market value of debt securities in the Issuer’s investment portfolio. 
Depending on the accounting treatment of these instruments, these market value fluctuations may affect 
the capital position of the Issuer.  
1.2 
Risks affecting the Issuer’s procurement of liquidity  
The procurement of liquidity for the Issuer’s operations and access to long term finance is crucial to 
achieve the Issuer’s strategic goals, as they enable the Issuer to meet payment obligations in cash and on 
delivery, scheduled or unscheduled, so as not to prejudice the Issuer’s activities or financial situation. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that an insufficient amount of assets can be realised in order to repay financial 
liabilities at the moment these become due. Although the Issuer believes it currently has a satisfactory 
liquidity position, its procurement of liquidity could be adversely impacted by: 
 
substantial outflows in deposits; 
 
an unexpected prolongation of the outstanding receivables, e.g. the default of a loan; 
 
the risk that assets may be liquidated only at a serious discount due to a lack of interested 
counterparties on the market; 
 
the inability to access the debt market, sell products or refinance existing obligations as a result 
of the deterioration of market conditions, a lack of confidence in financial markets, uncertainty 
and speculation regarding the solvency of the Issuer, a rating downgrade of the Issuer, and/or 
operational problems; 
 
substantial outflow of liquidity due to fluctuations in collateral requirements related to 
derivative transactions in the context of hedging arrangements. 
The inability of the Issuer to raise required funds on terms that are favourable to the Issuer, difficulties 
in obtaining long-term financings on terms which are favourable to the Issuer or addressing the 
consequences of substantial outflows could adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. In this respect, the adoption of liquidity requirements under Basel III and CRD IV 
(as defined below) must also be taken into account since these could give rise to an increased competition 
leading to an increase in the costs of attracting necessary deposits and funding.

--- Page 30 ---
30
 
Furthermore, protracted market declines can reduce the liquidity of markets that are typically liquid. If, 
in the course of its activities, the Issuer requires significant amounts of cash on short notice (in excess of 
anticipated cash requirements), the Issuer may have difficulty selling investments at attractive prices, in 
a timely manner, or both. In such circumstances, market operators may fall back on support from central 
banks and governments by pledging securities as collateral. Unavailability of liquidity through such 
measures, or the decrease or discontinuation of such measures could result in a reduced availability of 
liquidity on the market and higher costs for the procurement of such liquidity when needed, thereby 
adversely affecting the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The inability of a financial institution, including the respective entities of the Issuer, to anticipate and 
take into account unforeseen falls or changes in its sources of financing can affect such a financial 
institution’s ability to fulfil its obligations when they fall due. 
1.3 
As a large credit institution, the Issuer’s business is subject to credit risk  
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty cannot meet its payment obligations. This can be as a result of 
the insolvency of a customer or a counterparty or otherwise. This risk arises in both traditional loan 
portfolios as well as investment portfolios. Any adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s 
borrowers, counterparties or other obligors could affect the recoverability and value of its assets.  
The Issuer’s assets are highly concentrated in lending to private individuals, more specifically mortgage 
loans to individuals in Belgium and the Netherlands (as at 30 June 2024 the book value exposures of 
mortgage loans stood at EUR 18.8 billion and EUR 21.4 billion respectively, or 34% and 38% of the 
total balance sheet respectively). In addition, the Issuer is also diversifying its loan portfolio into lending 
to Belgian local governments and real estate counterparties. Any adverse shock in these markets, such as 
declining residential real estate prices, could negatively affect the results of the Issuer’s credit portfolio 
because of the impact on the recovery value of the collateral. All this could be further exacerbated in the 
event of a prolonged economic downturn or worsening market conditions. A decrease in the credit quality 
of borrowers and counterparties of the Issuer, a general deterioration of the Belgian, Dutch or global 
economic condition or a decrease caused by systemic risks or geopolitical shocks can affect the 
recoverability of outstanding loans and the value of the Issuer’s assets. It can also require an increase of 
the provision for Non-Performing Loans, as well as other provisions. Any increase in provision for loan 
losses, any loan losses in excess of the previously determined provisions or changes to estimates of the 
risk of loss inherent in the portfolio of non-impaired loans could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, results of operation or financial condition. 
The Issuer holds a diversified portfolio of market securities in its investment portfolio (as at 30 June 2024 
the book value stood at EUR 10.3 billion or 18% of the total balance sheet). These counterparties may 
default on their obligations to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy 
or real estate values, operational failure or other reasons. Other parties to which the Issuer is exposed 
include, among others, counterparties under swaps and other derivative contracts, clearing agents, 
exchanges, clearing houses, guarantors and other financial intermediaries.  
The performance of the Issuer is thus primarily affected by the level and the cyclical nature of the 
business activities (investment services) in Belgium and the Netherlands, which in turn are influenced 
by domestic and international economic and political events. 
1.4 
The earnings and the capital position of the Issuer are subject to business risk, model risk and climate 
risk 
Business risk is the risk that current and future earnings, and capital levels will be affected by changes 
in business volumes or by changes in margins and costs. Both of these can be caused by external market 
conditions and/or the inability of the Issuer as an organisation to respond to these. This risk also takes

--- Page 31 ---
31
 
into account poor diversification of earnings or the inability to maintain a sufficient and reasonable level 
of profitability. 
Because of the strong concentration in mortgage loans to retail clients in the Belgian and Dutch retail 
markets the Issuer is exposed to adverse developments in these markets. This includes the risk that target 
production volumes cannot be reached, or a decrease in the commercial margins is observed, as a result 
of increased market competition or other adverse events. 
Model risk is the risk of decisions and calculations being related to the erroneous development, 
implementation and/or wrong usage of models. Model risk is managed by adopting the principles and 
controls set forth by the model risk management framework (the “MRMF”). 
Climate risk can be split between physical climate risk (more frequent or severe weather events like 
flooding, drought or storms, changes in the weather pattern or the rise in sea levels) and transition risk 
(changes in client and market behaviour, policy, technology and legislation related to moving to a less 
polluting, greener economy). The Issuer considers climate risk as part of the financial risks to which it is 
exposed and which could have an impact on the management and value of its retail portfolio and its 
investment portfolio.  
Business risk, model risk and climate risk could have an adverse effect on the earnings and capital 
position of the Issuer and its financial condition.  
2. 
Risk related to the macroeconomic environment 
Geopolitical uncertainty remains elevated with several risk factors affecting the macro-economic 
environment and the position of the Issuer: 
 
The risk of further escalation of the war between Russia and Ukraine with an impact on energy 
prices. 
 
The outcome of the US election, which will shape the evolution of trade agreements, import 
tariffs and sanction and embargo policies. 
 
The escalation of the hostilities and conflict in the Middle East causing further supply chain 
problems in the Red Sea and impacting global energy prices. 
 
The risk of a prolonged government formation in Belgium which might impact investor’s 
confidence and the sovereign credit spread of Belgium. 
 
The risk of a recession caused by a hard landing scenario (i.e. a scenario where economic 
activity experiences a sharp decline as a result of central banks' interest rate policies to curb 
inflation, causing central banks to potentially lower interest rates quickly). 
There is a risk that these factors will have an impact on credit losses in the coming years. Especially the 
potential increase in unemployment rates and decrease in house prices could weigh negatively on 
expected credit losses. 
Given the uncertainty surrounding these factors, it is impossible at any given time to make a reliable 
estimate of what the consequences will be for the global economy and, more specifically, for the Issuer. 
The Issuer is closely monitoring the situation and it is adopting a cautious and conservative approach. 
As at 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (IRB approach and phased in) amounted to 
26.9%, its Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) amounted to 242% and its Net Stable Funding Ratio 
(“NSFR”) amounted to 146%.  Depending on future developments relating to the economic and health

--- Page 32 ---
32
 
impact of those crises, there could be a material and adverse effect on the Issuer’s results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects. 
Noteholders should be aware that these factors can also have an adverse influence on the other risks 
described hereafter.  
3. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business operations 
3.1 
The Issuer has to contend with operational/non-financial risks, including fraudulent and other criminal 
activities (both internal and external), breakdowns in processes or procedures and systems failure or 
non-availability  
The Issuer is exposed to different types of non-financial risks such as compliance risk, legal risk, human 
resources risk, business continuity risk, (out)sourcing risk, brand & sustainability risk, strategic and 
change risk, risk in processes, information security & cyber risk, fraud risk, IT risk and data related risks.  
On the other hand, the Issuer needs to process a very large number of transactions efficiently, accurately 
and in accordance with internal policies and external legislation and regulations. Potential non-financial 
risks include violation of the money laundering legislation, breach of confidentiality obligations; the 
execution of unauthorised transactions and many others. Non-financial risks and operational losses result 
from inadequate or failed internal processes (such as processes not aligned with the legal requirements), 
human actions (including fraud, employee errors), systems failure, or due to external events (such as 
cybercrime, breaches of data security, natural disasters or malfunctions of external systems, including 
those of the Issuer’s suppliers or counterparties). The consequences of these may extend to financial or 
reputational loss, as well as loss of data. Additionally, the loss of key personnel could adversely affect 
the Issuer’s operations and results. 
The Issuer sees that non-financial risks are gradually becoming more important in the Issuer’s various 
businesses, owing to, amongst other things, growing awareness of non-financial risks, the rapidly 
changing technological environment, the increasing complexity, as well as a general trend towards 
outsourcing of non-core business activities. 
The information and data protection risk is a specific risk to which the Issuer is exposed. The Issuer 
processes significant volumes of personal data relating to customers as part of its business, some of which 
may also be classified under legislation as special categories of personal data. The Issuer must therefore 
comply with all relevant data protection and privacy laws and regulations and bears the risk of penalties 
if it does not comply with the standards as set by General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679. 
The Issuer also faces the risk of a breach in the security of its information and communications 
technology (“ICT”) systems, for example from increasingly sophisticated attacks by cybercrime groups. 
In recent years, financial institutions have been impacted by a number of cyber incidents.  
Data breaches or cyber-crimes could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s reputation and on its 
business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
4. 
Legal, regulatory and tax risks 
4.1 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of having insufficient capital resources to meet the minimum regulatory 
capital requirements  
Under Basel II and III, capital requirements are inherently more sensitive to market movements compared 
to previous regimes. Capital requirements will increase if economic conditions or negative trends in the 
financial markets worsen. Any failure of the Issuer to maintain its minimum regulatory capital ratios 
could result in administrative actions or sanctions, which in turn may have a material adverse impact on

--- Page 33 ---
33
 
the Issuer’s results of operations. A shortage of available capital may restrict the Issuer’s opportunities 
for expansion. 
Please refer to the section “Banking Supervision” on page 171 for a more detailed overview of the 
applicable legal and regulatory framework.  
4.2 
Increased and changing regulations of the financial services industry may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer  
Wherever the Issuer operates, it is subject to laws, regulations, administrative measures, and policies 
governing financial services. Changes in the supervisory framework and regulations may affect the 
activities, products, and services that the Issuer offers, or the value of its assets. Current regulation and 
future regulatory developments could have an adverse impact on the business of the Issuer. 
Significant regulatory developments have taken place in response to the global financial crisis, including 
various initiatives and measures by the EU and individual national governments, the stress test 
coordinated by the European Banking Authority in collaboration with the ECB and liquidity risk 
assessments at European and national level. Recent regulatory and legislative developments applicable 
to credit institutions such as the Issuer may adversely impact the Issuer, its business, financial condition 
or results of operation. A non-exhaustive overview of certain important regulatory and legislative 
developments, such as changes to the prudential requirements for credit institutions, capital adequacy 
rules, recovery and resolution mechanisms, is set out in section “Description of the Issuer” on page 147. 
Moreover, there seems to have been an increase in the level of scrutiny applied by governments and 
regulators to enforce applicable regulations and calls to impose further charges on the financial services 
industry in recent years. Such increased scrutiny or charges may require the Issuer to take additional 
measures which, in turn, may have adverse effects on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Although the Issuer works closely with its regulators and continually monitors regulatory developments, 
there can be no assurance that additional regulatory or capital requirements will not have an adverse 
impact on the Issuer, or its business, financial condition or business results. 
There can be no assurance that the implementation of these new standards, or any other new regulation, 
will not require the Issuer to issue securities that qualify as regulatory capital, or to liquidate assets or 
curtail business, all of which may have adverse effects on its business, financial condition or business 
results. 
The business operations of the Issuer are subject to ongoing regulation and associated regulatory risks, 
including the effects of changes in the laws, regulations, policies and interpretations in Belgium and other 
countries in which the Issuer operates. 
Changes in supervision and regulation could materially affect the Issuer’s business, products and services 
offered by it, or the value of its assets. In addition, the level of supervision by the governments and 
supervisory authorities and the enforcement of the applicable rules seem to have increased with the start 
of the global economic crisis, combined with increased pressure to impose further regulation and levies 
on the financial services sector. There can be no assurance that such increased scrutiny or charges will 
not require the Issuer to take additional measures, which in turn may have adverse effects on its business, 
financial condition or business results. 
With regard to taxation, the Issuer’s structure entails that a major part of the funding of the Issuer 
(including the branch office in the Netherlands) is stemming from deposits, which makes the Issuer 
sensitive to changes in Deposit Guarantee Scheme (“DGS”) contributions and bank levies.

--- Page 34 ---
34
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN 
1. 
Risks relating to the Special Estate and the Cover Assets 
1.1 
Liquidity risk 
The maturity and amortisation profile of the Cover Assets may not match the repayment profile and 
maturities of the outstanding Mortgage Pandbrieven, therefore creating a liquidity shortage and as a 
consequence a need for liquidity solutions at the level of the Programme.  
The Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations require issuing credit institutions to have in place a liquidity 
buffer, in order to enable the issuing credit institution to at all times cover (i) the Net Liquidity Outflow 
(as defined below) of the relevant issue or issue programme, as well as (ii) the maximum cumulative Net 
Liquidity Outflow calculated over a six month period (see Section “Overview of the Legal Framework 
for Belgian Covered Bonds and Belgian Pandbrieven). To comply with the test, the Issuer is entitled to 
hold certain liquid assets. 
Under the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer furthermore has the option to 
purchase or repurchase, or to subscribe to, its own Mortgage Pandbrieven for liquidity purposes 
(including, without limitation, for transactions with the European Central Bank) (see Conditions 3(g) and 
3(h)). Also, under the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the maturity of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will automatically be extended if and to the extent that the Issuer would not be in a position 
to repay the Mortgage Pandbrieven within five (5) Business Days of their Maturity Date, if the Cover 
Pool Administrator decides to extend the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Issuer is being resolved, or if 
on the Maturity Date, there is another Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding which was previously 
extended and which the Issuer fails to fully redeem on or prior to the Maturity Date. The Extended 
Maturity Date will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Regulations, such Extended Maturity Date may not be later than one year from the original Maturity 
Date. Any payment which is subject to such an extension shall, however, not be considered as an 
outgoing payment flow (uitgaande betalingsstroom/flux de paiement sortant) for purposes of the 
aforementioned liquidity buffer. 
Furthermore, there are possible mismatches in the rates of interest received on the Cover Assets and 
interest to be paid on the Mortgage Pandbrieven. This risk is mitigated by adding additional Cover Assets 
to the Special Estate (overcollateralization) or could be mitigated by the entrance into Derivative 
Contracts (see 1.13 “Reliance on Derivative Contract Counterparties”). 
1.2 
Value and maintenance of the Special Estate 
The Noteholders will, in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Issuer is 
being resolved, have an exclusive claim on the Special Estate together with the Other Creditors (as 
defined in Condition 18). The Cover Tests (as defined in in paragraph 1.2.5.2 of Section “Overview of 
the Legal Framework for Belgian Covered Bonds and Belgian Pandbrieven”) applicable to the Special 
Estate are intended to ensure that the Issuer maintains an adequate amount of Cover Assets in the Special 
Estate to enable the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Since the economic 
value of the Cover Assets may change, the value of the Special Estate may decrease over time (e.g., if 
there is a general decline in property values or an increase in borrower defaults, or a combination thereof).  
Borrowers may default on their obligations under the Residential Mortgage Loans. Defaults may occur 
for a variety of reasons. Credit, liquidity and interest rate risks affect the ability of borrowers to repay the 
Residential Mortgage Loans. In addition the value of a real estate may change compared to its value at 
the origination of the related Residential Mortgage Loan.

--- Page 35 ---
35
 
Various general factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency, 
the ultimate payment of interest and principal and the value of a real estate, such as changes in the 
international, national or regional economic climate or housing conditions, which can be directly or 
indirectly affected by natural disasters, civil disturbances or pandemics, etc. Other general factors 
possibly influencing the mortgage delinquency rates and values of real estate are changes in tax laws, 
interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political 
developments and government policies.  
Factors in mortgage borrowers' individual, personal or financial circumstances may also affect their 
ability to repay the Residential Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce or widespread health 
crises or the fear of such crises (including, but not limited to, coronavirus/COVID-19 and other similar 
factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse 
impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, governmental action or 
inaction in respect of, or responses to, any widespread health crises or such potential crises (such as those 
mentioned previously), whether in Belgium or in any other jurisdiction, may lead to a deterioration of 
economic conditions both globally and also within Belgium. Given the unpredictable effect such factors 
may have on the local, national or global economy, no assurance can be given as to the impact of any of 
the matters described in this paragraph and, in particular, no assurance can be given that such matters 
would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
The above factors (or a combination of them) may have an adverse effect on mortgage borrowers’ ability 
to meet their mortgage payment obligations and/or value of the real estate. This could reduce the value 
of the Residential Mortgage Loans and could result in losses for the Noteholders (and Other Creditors) 
if the Special Estate is liquidated.  
In addition, although the Cover Tests (and the Issuer’s obligation to remedy breaches of the Cover Tests) 
are intended to ensure that the value of the Special Estate (as determined in accordance with the Belgian 
Covered Bonds Regulations) is greater than the outstanding principal amount of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
issued under the Programme and covered by the Special Estate, the Issuer may not be in a position to 
originate or add Residential Mortgage Loans to the Special Estate in the future or the income generated 
by or proceeds resulting from any sale or realisation of the Cover Assets may at the time of realisation 
not be sufficient to enable the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
1.3 
Set-off risk 
Under Belgian law, legal set-off occurs where two persons hold claims against each other, provided, in 
general, that their debts exist, are fungible, liquid (vaststaand/liquide) and due (opeisbaar/exigible). As 
a result, set-off rights may arise in respect of cross-claims between an underlying debtor of a Residential 
Mortgage Loan and the Issuer, potentially reducing amounts receivable by the Special Estate.  
Pursuant to the Mobilisation Law (as defined in paragraph 1.1 of Section “Overview of the Legal 
Framework for Belgian Covered Bonds and Belgian Pandbrieven”), the underlying debtor of a 
Residential Mortgage Loan may no longer invoke set-off of its debt with any claim that it would have 
against the Issuer if the claim of the underlying debtor would only arise, or the conditions for set-off (as 
set out in the preceding paragraph) would only be met, after (i) notification/acknowledgement of the 
registration/transfer of the Residential Mortgage Loan in/to the Special Estate or (ii) (regardless any 
notification/acknowledgement) the opening of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or concurrence 
of creditors.  
The Special Estate may nevertheless still be subject to the rights of the underlying debtors of Residential 
Mortgage Loans to invoke set-off against the Special Estate to the extent that the relevant claims against 
the Issuer arise, or the conditions for set-off against the Issuer are met, prior to the earlier of (i) the 
notification of the registration/transfer of the loan or (ii) the opening of insolvency proceedings against

--- Page 36 ---
36
 
the Issuer or concurrence of creditors. The exercise of set-off rights by underlying debtors may adversely 
affect the value of the Special Estate, may additionally affect any sale proceeds of the Special Estate and 
may ultimately affect the ability of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Cover Pool Administrator to 
make payments under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
1.4 
 Limited description of the Special Estate 
Other than receipt of the regular investor report, the Noteholders will not receive detailed statistics or 
information in relation to the Cover Assets in the Special Estate. There is no assurance that the 
characteristics of the Cover Assets allocated to the Special Estate on the relevant Issue Date will be the 
same as those of the Cover Assets in the Special Estate as at any date thereafter. As such, it is possible 
that the composition of the Special Estate changes after the date of this Base Prospectus and these changes 
may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial position and its ability to perform its obligations 
under the Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
1.5 
Mortgage mandates 
Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, a Residential Mortgage Loan which is partly secured 
by a mortgage mandate may be included in the Special Estate. Subject to certain valuation rules (see 
“Overview of the Legal Framework for Belgian Covered Bonds and Belgian Pandbrieven”), the amounts 
secured by the mortgage mandate may be taken into account for the purposes of the Cover Tests. 
Noteholders should be aware that such mortgage mandate is not a security and that it will only provide a 
security interest once the mandate has been exercised and a mortgage has been registered. Accordingly, 
prior to such exercise, the Special Estate will not benefit from any security in respect of that portion of a 
Residential Mortgage Loan covered by the mortgage mandate. Moreover, in certain circumstances as 
further set out below, exercise of a mandate may even no longer be possible or may no longer result in 
valid and effective security. 
The following limitations, amongst others, exist in relation to the conversion of mortgage mandates: 
 
the borrower or the third party collateral provider that has granted a mortgage mandate may 
transfer or otherwise encumber the relevant piece of real estate to a third party acting in good 
faith, and a mortgage registered pursuant to the exercise of the mortgage mandate after such 
transaction has been recorded at the mortgage register will not be enforceable against that third 
party, although this would generally constitute a contractual breach of the standard loan 
documentation; 
 
the borrower or the third party collateral provider that has granted a mortgage mandate may 
grant a mortgage to a third party that will rank ahead of the mortgage to be created pursuant to 
the conversion of the mortgage mandate, although this would generally constitute a contractual 
breach of the standard loan documentation; 
 
if a conservatory or an executory attachment of the real property covered by the mortgage 
mandate has been filed by a third party creditor of the borrower or, as the case may be, of the 
third party collateral provider, a mortgage registered pursuant to the exercise of the mortgage 
mandate after the writ of attachment has been recorded at the mortgage register will not be 
enforceable against the creditor who filed the attachment; 
 
if the borrower or the third party collateral provider is an undertaking (onderneming/entreprise) 
within the meaning of Article I.1, 1° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (i.e. individuals 
carrying out a professional activity on a self-employed basis):

--- Page 37 ---
37
 
 
the mortgage mandate can no longer be converted following the bankruptcy of the 
borrower or, as the case may be, the third party collateral provider and any mortgage 
registered at the mortgage register after the bankruptcy judgment is void; and 
 
a mortgage registered at the mortgage register pursuant to the exercise of a mortgage 
mandate during the pre-bankruptcy investigation period (i.e., after the date of cessation 
of payments that may be fixed by the court) for a pre-existing loan will not be 
enforceable against the bankrupt estate. Under certain circumstances, the clawback 
rules are not limited in time, for example, where a mortgage has been granted pursuant 
to a mortgage mandate and in order to "fraudulently prejudice" creditors; and 
 
mortgages registered after the day of cessation of payments of debt can be declared 
void by the bankruptcy court, if the registration was made more than fifteen days after 
the creation of the mortgage; and 
 
the effect of a judicial reorganisation (gerechtelijke reorganisatie/réorganisation 
judiciaire) of a borrower or of a third party collateral provider on the mortgage mandate 
is uncertain; 
 
if the borrower or the third party collateral provider, as the case may be, is not an undertaking 
and started collective debt settlement proceedings, a mortgage registered at the mortgage 
register after the court has declared the request admissible is not enforceable against the other 
creditors of the borrower or of the third party collateral provider;  
 
besides the possibility that the borrower or the third party collateral provider may grant a 
mortgage to another lender discussed above, the mortgage to be created pursuant to a mortgage 
mandate may also rank behind certain statutory mortgages (such as, for example, the statutory 
mortgage of the tax and the social security authorities) to the extent these mortgages are 
registered before the exercise of the mortgage mandate. In this respect, it should be noted that 
the notary involved in preparing the mortgage deed will need to notify the tax administration, 
and, as the case may be, the social security administration before finalising the mortgage deed 
pertaining to the creation of the mortgage; 
 
if the borrower or the third party collateral provider, as the case may be, is an individual, certain 
limitations apply to the conversion of the mortgage mandate into a mortgage if the borrower or 
third party collateral provider dies before the conversion. 
In addition, prior to such exercise, third parties acting in good faith may register prior-ranking mortgages. 
Once a mandate is exercised, the ensuing mortgage will rank at the highest level available at the time of 
registration of such mortgage.  
1.6 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer 
Each of the Residential Mortgage Loans originated or to be originated by the Issuer will have been/will 
be originated in accordance with its lending criteria applicable at the time of origination. It is expected 
that the Issuer's lending criteria will generally consider, inter alia, type of property, term of the loan, age 
and status of the applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, the debt service to income ratio and credit history.  
The Issuer retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time as a reasonable, prudent 
mortgage lender. If the lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the 
Residential Mortgage Loans, this may lead to increased defaults by borrowers and may ultimately 
negatively affect the realisable value of the Special Estate, or part thereof, and the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments under the Mortgage Pandbrieven.

--- Page 38 ---
38
 
1.7 
Belgian bankruptcy proceedings 
Although any bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Issuer would be limited to the General Estate, 
there may be some adverse consequences with respect to the Special Estate as well. 
Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation, an insolvency administrator has a legal obligation 
to cooperate with the Supervisory Authority and the Cover Pool Administrator in order to enable them 
to manage the Special Estate in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations. There may be 
certain practical difficulties in this respect which may cause a delay in the execution of the obligations 
of the Special Estate towards the Noteholders (and Other Creditors). 
Upon the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings against the Issuer, an insolvency administrator is entitled, 
after consultation with the NBB, to require that the assets, which are with certainty no longer necessary 
as Cover Assets, return to the General Estate. The preparatory works of the Belgian law of 3 August 
2012 introducing the legal regime for Belgian covered bonds specified that the determination as to 
whether certain cover assets constitute a surplus that is not necessary for the payment of the Noteholders 
must take place in consultation with the NBB and must take into account not only the regulatory 
requirements but also, as the case may be, the maintenance of the ratings assigned by external credit 
ratings agencies. Even so, this would affect the value of the Special Estate and this may ultimately affect 
the repayment of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
1.8 
Sale of Cover Assets by the Cover Pool Administrator 
The NBB may in accordance with Article 8 of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law, appoint a Cover 
Pool Administrator in certain circumstances including (a) upon the adoption of a measure or sanction as 
referred to in Article 8, § 1, 1° of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law in respect of the Issuer if such 
measure or sanction or the reason(s) why it is imposed may, in the opinion of the NBB, negatively affect 
(aantasten/affecter) the rights of the Noteholders and/or third parties having a claim on the Special Estate; 
(b) in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Issuer is being resolved; (c) 
upon the withdrawal of any of the authorisations referred to in Articles 80, §1 and 81, §1 of the Belgian 
Banking Law; and in circumstances where the situation of the Issuer is such that it may seriously affect 
(ernstig in gevaar kan brengen/mettre gravement en péril) the interests of the Noteholders. Following 
such appointment, the Cover Pool Administrator, or any person appointed by the Cover Pool 
Administrator, will be entitled to sell in whole or in part the Cover Assets in order to help satisfy the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Without prejudice to the powers of the Cover 
Pool Administrator to liquidate the Special Estate in the circumstances set out in Article 11 of Annex III 
to the Belgian Banking Law, the Cover Pool Administrator needs the approval of the NBB and of the 
Noteholders’ Representative for every transaction, including the sale of Cover Assets, that entails or risks 
to entail that the Cover Tests, the Liquidity Buffer or the contractual provisions can no longer be fulfilled. 
There is no guarantee that the Cover Pool Administrator will be able to sell in whole or in part the Cover 
Assets as the Cover Pool Administrator may not be able to find a buyer at the time it wants to sell. In 
such case, there may be insufficient funds to make payments under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
1.9 
Transfer of the Special Estate in a situation of distress 
In case liquidation proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the Cover Pool Administrator, appointed 
in accordance with Article 8 of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law, may, subject to the approval of 
the NBB and following consultation with the Noteholders’ Representative, transfer the Special Estate 
(i.e. all assets and liabilities) and its management to an institution which will be entrusted with the 
continued performance of the obligations to the Noteholders in accordance with the applicable Terms 
and Conditions.

--- Page 39 ---
39
 
Even though the rights of the Noteholders against the Special Estate will be maintained and will follow 
the Special Estate on any such transfer, investors should be aware that in such circumstances the obligor 
under the Mortgage Pandbrieven will no longer be the Issuer, but will be the institution to which the 
Special Estate is transferred. Any such transfer and change of debtor will be discussed with the 
Noteholders' Representative but will not require the consent of the Noteholders. 
In a similar vein, within the framework of resolution measures taken in accordance with the provisions 
of the Belgian Banking Law, the Relevant Resolution Authority may under certain conditions impose a 
transfer of all or part of the assets and/or liabilities of the Issuer to (a) a bridge institution (instrument 
van de overbruggingsinstelling/instrument de l’établissement-relais), (b) a specially created asset 
management vehicle (instrument van afsplitsing van activa/instrument de séparation des actifs), or (c) 
another acquirer (instrument van verkoop van de onderneming/instrument de cession des activités) 
(Article 255 and following of the Belgian Banking Law). Such transfer may include the Special Estate. 
In such event, the rights of the Noteholders will be maintained and transferred together with the cover 
assets that form the Special Estate. Such transfer may have an adverse effect on the value of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven.  
1.10 
Other Creditors of the Cover Pool and subordination 
The terms and conditions provide, in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations, that the 
Other Creditors also have recourse against the Special Estate. These include the Noteholders’ 
Representative, any Operating Creditor and any Derivative Contract Counterparty, as well as the Cover 
Pool Administrator. 
Moreover, in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments (see Condition 18 (Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments) the claims of the Noteholders may be subordinated to the claims of 
the Noteholders’ Representative, the Cover Pool Administrator and the Operating Creditors and will rank 
pari passu with the claims of any Derivative Contract Counterparty (subject to certain exceptions). 
As a result, it is possible that none or only part of the proceeds of the Special Estate are applied in 
satisfaction of amounts due and payable to the Noteholders which may result in a loss to Noteholders. 
1.11 
Noteholders may not immediately accelerate the Covered Bonds upon a breach of the Cover Tests or the 
Liquidity Buffer or an Issuer's bankruptcy 
Breach of the Cover Tests or the Liquidity Buffer and the opening of liquidation proceedings with respect 
to the Issuer will not give them the right to declare the Mortgage Pandbrieven immediately due and 
payable. Mortgage Pandbrieven which have not yet reached their maturity will not automatically 
accelerate as a result of a breach of the Cover Tests or the Liquidity Buffer or the opening of a liquidation 
procedure against the Issuer, without prejudice to an early repayment of the Covered Bonds and 
liquidation of the Special Estate pursuant to Article 11, 6° and 7° of Annex III to the Belgian Banking 
Law (see “Overview of the Legal Framework for Belgian Covered Bonds and Belgian Pandbrieven”). 
Other than pursuant to a Payment Default after which an Acceleration Notice has been served under 
Condition 17 (Payment Default and Cross-Acceleration) or pursuant to Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the 
Belgian Banking Law, the Noteholders cannot direct an acceleration of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
1.12 
Reliance on other third parties 
The Issuer has entered into agreements with a number of third parties which have agreed to perform 
services for the Special Estate. To the extent such counterparties do not perform their obligations under 
the Programme Documents, this may result in the Special Estate not being able to meet its obligations 
under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. This may have an adverse effect on a Noteholder’s investment in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven and its return.

--- Page 40 ---
40
 
None of the third parties will have any obligation itself to advance payments that Borrowers fail to make 
in a timely fashion. Noteholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by such 
third parties. 
1.13 
Reliance on Derivative Contract Counterparties 
To provide a hedge against interest rate and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Issuer 
under the Residential Mortgage Loans forming part of the Cover Assets and under the other Cover Assets 
and the interest rate and amounts payable by the Issuer under the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer may- 
although it is not the intention at the date of the Base Prospectus- enter into a Derivative Contract with a 
Derivative Contract Counterparty in respect of a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Derivative Contract, then it will 
have defaulted under that Derivative Contract. A Derivative Contract Counterparty is only obliged to 
make payments to the Issuer as long as the Issuer complies with its payment obligations under the 
relevant Derivative Contract. If the Derivative Contract Counterparty is not obliged to make payments 
or if it defaults on its obligations to make payments of amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full 
amount to be paid to the Issuer on the due date for payment under the relevant Derivative Contract, the 
Issuer will be exposed to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless a replacement Derivative 
Contract is timely entered into (which may be at worse terms than the original Derivative Contract or 
which may not be possible at all), the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments to the 
Noteholders under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
If a Derivative Contract terminates, then the Issuer may be obliged to make a termination payment to the 
relevant Derivative Contract Counterparty. There can be no assurance for the Noteholders that the Issuer 
will have sufficient funds available to make a termination payment under the relevant Derivative 
Contract, nor can there be any assurance that the Issuer will be able to enter into a replacement Derivative 
Contract or, if one is entered into, that the credit rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be 
sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current ratings of the Mortgage Pandbrieven by a 
Rating Agency. Any such downgrade may have an adverse effect on the value of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
Following a decision of the Cover Pool Administrator to early redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
pursuant to Article 11, 6° and 7° of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law or following the delivery of a 
Notice of Default and with respect to funds derived from the Special Estate, if the Issuer is obliged to 
pay a termination payment under any Derivative Contract that constitutes a Cover Asset, such termination 
payment will rank pari passu with amounts due on the Mortgage Pandbrieven, except where default by, 
or downgrade of, the relevant Derivative Contract Counterparty has caused the relevant Derivative 
Contract to terminate (See Condition 18). Additionally, Noteholders should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
1.14 
Commingling Risk 
To the extent that the bank accounts into which collections in respect of the Special Estate are paid or 
where funds are otherwise held for the Special Estate are held with the Issuer, a commingling risk cannot, 
as a practical matter, be excluded in the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer.  
This risk is mitigated to some extent by the revindication mechanism provided in Article 3, §2, second 
indent of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law pursuant to which the rights over any amounts that are 
part of the Special Estate but that cannot be identified as such in the General Estate are transferred by 
operation of law to other unencumbered assets in the General Estate selected in accordance with the 
criteria specified in Terms and Conditions (See Condition 7(a) (Criteria for transfer of assets from the 
general estate)). To the extent that there are not enough unencumbered assets available for purposes of 
revindication as set out above, the Mortgage Pandbrieven may be repaid later than expected or not at all.

--- Page 41 ---
41
 
Furthermore, a commingling risk exists to the extent that certain underlying debtors are not notified on 
time or otherwise continue to make payments to the Issuer accounts or to the extent that cash may not be 
able to be withdrawn from such accounts in such circumstances, the Special Estate or the Cover Pool 
Administrator, as the case may be, may not be in a position to make timely payments. This risk is 
mitigated to some extent by the undertaking of the Issuer that it will ensure that the Special Estate will 
at all times include liquid bonds, meeting certain specified criteria, that have a market value which is 
higher than the amount of interest due and payable on the outstanding Mortgage Pandbrieven within a 
period of six months (See Condition 9). 
2. 
Risks relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
2.1 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are subject to early redemption by the Issuer, subject to certain conditions 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Mortgage Pandbrieven may be redeemed early at the option of the 
Issuer. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect or is perceived to be able to elect to redeem the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, the market value of the Mortgage Pandbrieven generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. In addition, Noteholders will not receive a make-whole amount 
or any other compensation in the event of an early redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven when its cost of borrowing is lower 
than the interest rate on the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Issuer will be entitled to redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven early if, as a result of a Tax Law Change 
(as defined in Condition 3(e) (Redemption upon occurrence of a Tax Event)), it becomes obliged to pay 
additional amounts or (where “Tax Deductibility Event” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms) it can no longer deduct payments in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven for Belgian income tax 
purposes. On the occurrence of any such Tax Event (as defined in Condition 3(e) (Redemption upon 
occurrence of a Tax Event)), the Issuer may at its option (but subject to certain conditions, redeem all, 
but not some only, of any relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven at the applicable Tax Event 
Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 3(e) (Redemption upon occurrence of a Tax Event)) 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.  
The redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, or the (perceived) 
prospect of such redemption, could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
Redemption for Illegality 
The Issuer will be entitled to redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven early if it has, or will become unlawful 
for the Issuer to (i) make any payments or (ii) comply with its obligations under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, or (iii) allow any Mortgage Pandbrieven to remain outstanding, as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulation or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become 
effective before the next Interest Payment Date (as defined in Condition 2(k) (Definitions). The Issuer 
may at its option (but subject to certain conditions, as set out in Condition 3(f) (Redemption for Illegality) 
redeem all, but not some only, of any relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven at the applicable Change 
of Law Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 3(f) (Redemption for Illegality) together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 42 ---
42
 
2.2 
Extension risk 
The terms and conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus contain 
an Extended Maturity Date. As a result thereof the Maturity Date will be automatically extended by one 
year if (i) the Issuer has insufficient funds available to redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven in full within 
five Business Days of their Maturity Date or (ii) the Cover Pool Administrator decides to extend the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven in the event liquidation proceedings are 
initiated against the Issuer or the Issuer is being resolved.  
An extension of one Series does not automatically trigger the extension of other Series. However, if the 
maturity date of any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven has been extended in accordance with the relevant 
terms and conditions (the “Extended Mortgage Pandbrieven”), and the Maturity Date of another Series 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven (the “Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven”) falls prior to the extended maturity 
date of the Extended Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Maturity Date of such Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven 
shall also be extended in accordance with Condition 3(j)(i) if on the Maturity Date of the Relevant 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Extended Mortgage Pandbrieven have not yet been redeemed in full and all 
interest accrued in respect thereof has not been paid. Without prejudice to the Post-Acceleration Priority 
of Payments (as defined in Condition 18), the Issuer will only make a payment of principal pursuant to 
Condition 3(a) (Final Redemption) or pursuant to Condition 3(j) (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) where the Extended Maturity Date of the Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven falls after the 
extended maturity date of the Extended Mortgage Pandbrieven, after or simultaneously with the 
redemption in full of the Extended Mortgage Pandbrieven and payment of all interest accrued in respect 
thereof. This mechanism is foreseen to ensure that the extension of the Maturity Date of one Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven does not alter or invert the sequencing of the covered bond programme’s original 
maturity schedule, as is required by Article 13/1, § 2 of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law.  
‘Extended Mortgage Pandbrieven’ as referred to in this section shall include any other Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven extended on the basis of provisions similar to this Condition 3(j)(ii) included in the relevant 
terms and conditions of such other Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with Article 13/1, §2 
in fine of Annex III to the Banking Law. 
Accordingly, Noteholders are exposed to an extension risk. In that event, the Mortgage Pandbrieven will 
bear interest on the principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms. Moreover, to the extent that the Issuer has sufficient funds available to redeem the 
relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven on any Interest Payment Date falling after such extension, the 
Issuer shall be required to redeem the outstanding principal amount under such Mortgage Pandbrieven 
on any such Extension Payment Date.  
The extension of the maturity of the particular Series of the Mortgage Pandbrieven from the Maturity 
Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments 
or take action against the Special Estate and no payment will be payable to the Noteholders in that event 
other than as set out in the Conditions and applicable Final Terms. The payment of the remaining unpaid 
amount shall become due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date. 
2.3 
The market value for Mortgage Pandbrieven can be volatile  
The interest rate level on the money and capital markets may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the 
value of the Mortgage Pandbrieven to change on a daily basis. This interest rate risk is a result of the 
uncertainty with respect to future changes in the level of market interest rate. In particular, holders of 
fixed rate Mortgage Pandbrieven are exposed to an interest rate risk that could result in a decrease in 
value if the level of the market interest rate increases. In general, the effects of this risk increases as the 
market interest rates increase.

--- Page 43 ---
43
 
Mortgage Pandbrieven with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to 
include caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their market 
values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include such features. 
Moreover, the reference rate could be zero or even negative. Even if the relevant reference rate becomes 
negative, it will still remain the basis for the calculation of the interest rate, and a margin, if applicable, 
will be added to such negative interest rate. 
2.4 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven  
A key difference between Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, on the one hand, and Fixed Rate 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, on the other, is that interest income on Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield 
for Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments bearing fixed interest rate. 
2.5 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven are subject to greater price fluctuations than non-discounted 
Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon 
Mortgage Pandbrieven than on the prices of interest-bearing Mortgage Pandbrieven because the 
discounted issue prices can be substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon 
Mortgage Pandbrieven can suffer higher price losses than other Mortgage Pandbrieven having the same 
maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven are a type 
of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. 
2.6 
Fluctuating market value for Mortgage Pandbrieven issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The market values of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
2.7 
Modifications and waivers 
The Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally, including modifications to the Terms 
and Conditions. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. Noteholders might therefore be bound by certain amendments to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven to which they did not consent and which may result in less favourable terms of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven for all or certain Noteholders. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 2(n) (Benchmark replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs, certain 
changes may be made to the interest calculation and related provisions of the Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven as well as the Agency Agreement and/or Calculation Agency Agreement in the 
circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for the consent of the 
Noteholders.  
Furthermore, the Noteholders’ Representative may, without the consent of the Noteholders (or any 
Other Creditor), agree to modifications or waivers with regard to the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the 
Programme, if the Noteholders’ Representative is of the opinion that the proposed modification or

--- Page 44 ---
44
 
waiver is (i) not materially prejudicial to the interest of any of the (relevant series of) Mortgage 
Pandbrieven; or (ii) of a formal, minor or technical nature; or (iii) to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of law, or (iv) in order to comply with or reflect the Covered Bonds 
Regulations, as amended from time to time. 
2.8 
Change of laws (including tax laws) 
The Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are, save to the extent referred to therein, based 
on legislation in effect as at the date of issue of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or changes to the laws in Belgium, other jurisdictions 
(such as FATCA under US law) or on a supranational level (e.g. EU Financial Transaction Tax) or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
In addition, any relevant tax law or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus and/or the 
date of purchase or subscription of the Mortgage Pandbrieven may change at any time (including during 
any subscription period or the term of the Mortgage Pandbrieven). Any such change may have an adverse 
effect on a Noteholder, including that the Mortgage Pandbrieven may be redeemed before their due date, 
their liquidity may decrease and/or the tax treatment of amounts payable or receivable by or to an affected 
Noteholder may be less than otherwise expected by such Noteholder. 
2.9 
Specific risks relating to Mortgage Pandbrieven issued as Green Bonds 
Mortgage Pandbrieven issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green or sustainable assets and may not meet investor expectations or requirements. Any 
failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green or sustainable 
projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading 
price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in green or sustainable assets.  
The Issuer has established a green bond framework (the “Green Bond Framework”) under which it can 
issue Green Bonds and the Green Bond Framework is available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.argenta.eu/investor-relations/debt-issuance.html).  
The Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue an 
independent opinion or second party opinion (a “Compliance Opinion”) confirming that the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework is aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles (version 2021).  
On 11 January 2022 Sustainalytics issued such Compliance Opinion in respect of the alignment of the 
Issuer’s Green Bond Framework with the ICMA Green Bond Principles (version 2021). However, there 
is no assurance that this Compliance Opinion will remain valid and there is no obligation for the Issuer 
to obtain an updated opinion. Furthermore, the Compliance Opinion could be withdrawn or become 
outdated. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers nor the Arranger make any representation as to the suitability for any 
purpose of any Compliance Opinion or whether any Green Bonds fulfil the relevant present or future 
environmental and sustainability criteria or guidelines with which an investor or its investments is or are 
required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or 
sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Green Bond Framework 
and/or any relevant Eligible Green Loan Portfolio.  
No assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer or any other person that any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Green Bonds will meet or continue to meet on an ongoing basis any or 
all investor expectations regarding "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including Regulation

--- Page 45 ---
45
 
(EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called 
"EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of 
the EUWA) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework 
and/or any relevant Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the eligible green bond projects and eligibility criteria 
described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and the relevant Final terms (if applicable). Each 
potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of 
proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation and due diligence 
as it deems necessary. 
Further, although the Issuer may agree at the Issue Date of any Green Bonds to certain allocation and/or 
impact reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of green or sustainable 
projects (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), it would not (a) be an event of default under the Green 
Bonds; (b) give rise to any other claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to 
accelerate the Mortgage Pandbrieven) of a holder of such Green Bonds against the Issuer; (c) lead to an 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Mortgage Pandbrieven or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in 
determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, or (d) impact the regulatory treatment of the Green Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to 
comply with such obligation or were to fail to use the proceeds in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; (ii) the Compliance Opinion were to be withdrawn or be no longer valid or renewed and/or 
(iii) there would be a lack of eligible green assets in which the Issuer may invest. For the avoidance of 
doubt, payments of principal and/or interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds shall not 
depend on the performance of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio nor have any preferred right against 
such assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds towards financing or 
refinancing of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the 
investment requirements of certain environmental focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds 
may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets. 
The occurrence of any of the above factors may cause damage to the Issuer’s reputation and may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Mortgage Pandbrieven issued as Green Bonds and also 
potentially the value of any other Mortgage Pandbrieven and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (which 
consequences may include the need to sell such Mortgage Pandbrieven issued as Green Bonds as a result 
of such Mortgage Pandbrieven not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 November 2023 on 
European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and 
for sustainability-linked bonds (the EU Green Bond Regulation) lays down uniform requirements for 
issuers of bonds who wish to use the (voluntary) designation ‘European Green Bond’ or ‘EuGB’ (the 
European Green Bond Standard) for their bonds that are made available to investors in the EU and 
provides for optional disclosure templates for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds in the EU. Most of the provisions of the EU Green Bond Regulation will 
apply from 21 December 2024. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be aligned with 
the European Green Bond Standard and are intended to comply with the criteria and processes set out in 
the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework only. It is not clear at this stage what impact the European Green 
Bond Standard will have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as 
the Green Bonds) that do not meet such standard. Demand for, and the liquidity of, the Green Bonds 
could be reduced as a consequence of not meeting the European Green Bond Standard. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any compliance opinion/second party opinion

--- Page 46 ---
46
 
No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification 
of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued as Green 
Bonds, including the Compliance Opinion. For the avoidance of doubt, the Compliance Opinion or any 
other such opinion or certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. The Compliance Opinion 
or any other such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Mortgage Pandbrieven and is current only as of the date 
it was issued.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. 
No Event of Default  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued as Green Bonds for Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and to report on the use of proceeds 
or Eligible Green Loan Portfolio as described in the applicable Final Terms, there is no contractual 
obligation on it to do so.  
There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will be available or capable of 
being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use such 
amounts for such Eligible Green Loan Portfolio as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that 
the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes 
(environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. A failure by the Issuer to allocate 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Mortgage Pandbrieven issued as Green Bonds or to report on 
the use of such amounts or Eligible Green Loan Portfolio as anticipated or a failure of a third party to 
issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the 
failure of the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' expectations requirements 
regarding any "green" or similar labels will not constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with 
respect to any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued as Green Bonds. 
3. 
Risks in connection with the status of the investor 
3.1 
No tax gross-up protection for Non-Eligible Investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven do not require the Issuer to gross-up the net 
payments received by a Noteholder in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven with any amounts withheld 
or deducted for Belgian tax purposes if the Noteholder (i) was not, at the time of the issue of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, an eligible investor within the meaning of Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 
on the deduction of withholding tax (an “Eligible Investor”) or (ii) was, at the time of issue of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, an Eligible Investor but, for reasons within the holder’s control, ceased to be an 
Eligible Investor or, (iii) at any relevant time on or after the issue of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, otherwise 
failed to meet any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 
August 1993 relating to transactions with certain securities (each a “Non-Eligible Investor”). 
If the Issuer, the NBB, the Paying Agent or any other person is required to make any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatever nature in 
respect of any payment in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven held by Non-Eligible Investors, the Issuer, 
the NBB, the Paying Agent or that other person shall make such payment after such withholding or 
deduction has been made and will account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be 
withheld or deducted.

--- Page 47 ---
47
 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, Eligible Investors 
holding their Mortgage Pandbrieven in an exempt account that has been opened with a financial 
institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the Securities Settlement System operated by the NBB. 
Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax summary contained in this Base Prospectus but 
to consult their own independent tax advisers regarding their individual taxation with respect to the 
acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Only these advisers are in a 
position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. In addition, potential purchasers 
should be aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from 
time to time. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment, which will apply at any 
given time. This risk factor has to be read in connection with the taxation sections of this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
Other risks 
4.1 
A holder’s actual yield on the Mortgage Pandbrieven may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction 
costs 
When Mortgage Pandbrieven are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including 
transaction fees and commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. These incidental costs may significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven. For instance, credit institutions as a rule charge their clients for own commissions 
which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions depending on the order value. To 
the extent that additional — domestic or foreign — parties are involved in the execution of an order, 
including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Noteholders must take into 
account that they may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses 
of such parties (third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Mortgage Pandbrieven (direct costs), 
Noteholders must also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Prospective investors 
should inform themselves about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody 
or sale of the Mortgage Pandbrieven before investing in the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
4.2 
An active secondary market in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven may never be established or may be 
illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
Any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be newly issued securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there is currently no active trading market (even where, in the case of any particular 
Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven which is already issued).  
Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of Mortgage Pandbrieven and cause 
low trading volumes. In a similar vein, liquidity is likely to be very limited if the relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are not listed or no listing is obtained. If the Mortgage Pandbrieven are traded after their 
initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition 
of the Issuer. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell the Mortgage Pandbrieven easily or not at a 
price that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments for which there is a(n) (active) 
secondary market). Although application may be made for Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the 
Market, there is no assurance that (i) such application will be accepted, (ii) any particular Tranche of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be so admitted, (iii) an active trading market will develop and/or maintained 
or that any listing or admission to trading will be maintained. Mortgage Pandbrieven may also be issued 
without an application to be listed.

--- Page 48 ---
48
 
Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any 
particular Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven, nor that such application for any listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained in respect of every Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
The Issuer is allowed to purchase and hold Mortgage Pandbrieven at any time, but the Issuer is not 
obliged to do so. Purchases made by the Issuer could affect the liquidity of the secondary market of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven and thus negatively impact the price and the conditions under which investors 
can negotiate these Mortgage Pandbrieven on the secondary market. In addition, the Issuer is not 
restricted from issuing additional debt, and any future debt may be on better terms than the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue, which may rank 
senior to or pari passu with the Mortgage Pandbrieven and which may benefit from security or guarantees 
that are not offered to the holders of Mortgage Pandbrieven. The Issuer may also create additional Special 
Estates, and the holders of Mortgage Pandbrieven will not have recourse to such additional Special 
Estates. The issue of any such additional debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Noteholders upon the Issuer's bankruptcy or resolution (without prejudice to the Special Estate and the 
Overcollateralisation Test). 
4.3 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not covered by any government compensation or insurance scheme and 
do not have the benefit of any government guarantee 
An investment in the Mortgage Pandbrieven will not be covered by any compensation or insurance 
scheme of any government agency of Belgium or any other jurisdiction, and the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
do not have the benefit of any government guarantee. The Mortgage Pandbrieven are the Issuer’s 
obligation only and Noteholders must solely look to the Issuer for the performance of the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. In the event of the Issuer’s insolvency, a holder may lose 
all or some of its investment in the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not covered by the “Deposit and financial instrument protection scheme” 
as established by the Act of 17 December 1998 on the establishment of a deposit and financial instrument 
protection scheme, nor are they covered by the “Special protection funds for deposits and life 
insurances”, as established by Article 3 of the Royal Decree of 14 November 2008 on measures to 
promote financial stability and, in particular, to set up a government guarantee for loans granted and 
other transactions in the context of financial stability, as regards the protection of deposits, life insurance 
and the capital of authorised cooperative societies. Accordingly, the Mortgage Pandbrieven will not be 
repaid, recovered or refunded by the “Deposit and financial instrument protection scheme”, nor by the 
“Special protection funds for deposits and life insurances”. 
4.4 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
There is no guarantee that any ratings will be assigned to the Mortgage Pandbrieven or that such ratings 
will be maintained. The ratings may furthermore not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market and additional factors discussed herein, and other factors (including a change of control 
affecting the Issuer) that may affect the value of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the relevant rating 
agency at any time. Any adverse change in the applicable credit rating or the assignment of an 
unfavourable rating by a rating agency could adversely affect the trading price for the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
If any credit rating assigned to the Mortgage Pandbrieven is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven may reduce.

--- Page 49 ---
49
 
4.5 
The Paying Agent is not required to segregate amounts received by it in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
cleared through the Securities Settlement System 
The Agency Agreement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven) provides 
that the Paying Agent (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven) will debit 
the relevant account of the Issuer and use such funds to make payment to the Noteholders. 
The Agency Agreement also provides that the Paying Agent will, after receipt by it of the relevant 
amounts, pay to the Noteholder, directly or through the Securities Settlement System, any amounts due 
in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. However, the Paying Agent is not required to segregate any 
such amounts received by it in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, and in the event that the Paying 
Agent were subject to insolvency proceedings at any time when it held any such amounts, of the Issuer 
would be required to claim such amounts from the Paying Agent in accordance with applicable insolveny 
laws and may not be able to recover all or part of such amounts. This may impact the Issuer’s ability to 
meet its obligations under the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
4.6 
The transfer of any Mortgage Pandbrieven, any payments made in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven and 
all communications with the Issuer will occur through the Securities Settlement System 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be represented exclusively by book entries in the records of the Securities 
Settlement System and access is available through its Securities Settlement System participants whose 
membership extends to securities such as the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Anyone who is not a participant in 
the Securities Settlement System that wants to invest in the Mortgage Pandbrieven, must do so through 
a participant or a sub-participant. The Issuer relies on the Paying Agent to enter the relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in the Securities Settlement System and to receive and make payments through the 
Securities Settlement System. A Noteholder must rely on the procedures of the Securities Settlement 
System for transfers of Mortgage Pandbrieven and to receive payment under its Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Furthermore, pursuant to Condition 8 (Notices), notices to Noteholders shall be valid, among others, if 
delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB (in its capacity as operator of the Securities Settlement 
System) for onward communication by it to the participants of the Securities Settlement System. It is 
expected that notices will in principle be disseminated to Noteholders in this way. A Noteholder will 
therefore also need to rely on the procedures of the Securities Settlement System to receive 
communications from the Issuer. 
None of the Issuer or the Paying Agent will have any responsibility or liability for the records relating 
to, or payments made in respect of, the Mortgage Pandbrieven within, or any other improper functioning 
of, the Securities Settlement System and Noteholders should in such case make a claim against the 
Securities Settlement System through participants in the Securities Settlement System. Failures in the 
procedures or operations of the Securities Settlement System and/or its (sub)-participants can affect 
(timely) completion of transactions relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Additionally, Noteholders may 
be subject to insolvency risks of the Securities Settlement System and/or its (sub)-participants through 
which it holds Mortgage Pandbrieven. Any such risk may adversely affect the rights and/or return on 
investment of a Noteholder, for example where the Noteholder would not receive a payment or 
notification in due time following a malfunction of the Securities Settlement System. 
4.7 
The regulation and reform of Benchmarks may adversely affect the value and liquidity of and return on 
Mortgage Pandbrieven linked to or referencing such Benchmark 
Amounts payable with respect to certain Mortgage Pandbrieven may be determined by reference to 
reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), which is deemed to be ‘benchmarks’ (“Benchmarks”).  Amendments to the way in 
which these reference rates are calculated or discontinuations of these reference rates can adversely affect 
the value of and return on those Mortgage Pandbrieven. Reforms may cause Benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.

--- Page 50 ---
50
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”)applies to the provision of Benchmarks 
(including EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within 
the European Union. Among other things, the Benchmark Regulation (i) requires Benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if based outside the European Union, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised 
entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if based outside the 
European Union, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Pursuant to Article 28.2 of the Benchmark Regulation, the Issuer must produce and maintain robust 
written plans setting out the actions that it would take in the event that a Benchmark materially changes 
or ceases to be provided. Reference is made to Condition 2(n) (Benchmark replacement) which provides 
for certain fall-back arrangements in the event “Benchmark Replacement” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and a Benchmark Event occurs. 
On 2 July 2019, the FSMA granted the requested authorisation to European Money Markets Institute 
(formerly EURIBOR-EBF) (“EMMI”), by application of the Benchmark Regulation. The fact that 
EMMI has obtained authorisation as administrator of EURIBOR, confirms that the requirements 
contained in the Benchmark Regulation are met. The EMMI is included in the ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
The Benchmark Regulation could adversely affect any Mortgage Pandbrieven referencing a Benchmark, 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant Benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
Benchmark. A Benchmark could also be discontinued as a result of the failure by a Benchmark 
administrator to be authorised or registered (or, if based outside the European Union, to be deemed 
equivalent or recognised or otherwise endorsed). 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. The Working Group 
on Euro Risk-Free Rates (the "EUR RFR WG") has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in,  amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the EUR RFR WG published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 May 2023, the EUR 
RFR WG published guidance for corporate lending products for implementing the May 2021 
Recommendations in which it reiterated the importance of the adoption of EURIBOR fallback rates and 
trigger events in new and refinanced euro denominated corporate lending products in order to avoid 
operational and market disruption risks. On 4 December 2023, the EUR RFR WG announced that it had 
accomplished its mission and that the group had been discontinued as of 13 November 2023. In a final 
statement, published on 4 December 2023, ESMA (in its capacity as secretariat of the EUR RFR WG) 
summarises the key achievements of the EUR RFR WG, such as the identification of €STR as risk-free 
rate for the euro area and the definition of EURIBOR fallback provisions for each asset class. ESMA 
also encourages industry participants to ensure that all financial products referencing EURIBOR embed 
robust fallback provisions.The above-mentioned factors may have (without limitation) the following 
effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to the Benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmark 
or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value and/or return on any Mortgage Pandbrieven linked to, 
referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a Benchmark.

--- Page 51 ---
51
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to 
Mortgage Pandbrieven linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
Following the implementation of any such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the Benchmark could be 
eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. The elimination of 
EURIBOR or any other Benchmark, changes in the manner of administration of any Benchmark, or any 
other Benchmark Event could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation and related 
provisions of the Terms and Conditions as well as the Agency Agreement (as further described in 
Condition 2(n) (Benchmark replacement)), and could result in adverse consequences to holders of any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven linked to such Benchmark (including Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven whose 
interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other Benchmark that is or may become the subject of 
reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
successor or alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to a Benchmark may adversely affect 
Mortgage Pandbrieven which reference such Benchmark including the return on the relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and the trading market for them. 
If “Benchmark Replacement” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs in respect of an Original Reference 
Rate or other relevant reference rate and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published (or 
any other successor service) becomes unavailable. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions), with the application of an adjustment spread (which could be 
positive, negative or zero), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven to ensure the proper operation of the new Benchmark, all as determined by the Issuer (acting 
in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser) and as more fully described at Condition 
2(n) (Benchmark replacement). However, the Issuer will not be required to implement a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate or any adjustment spread or make any amendments to the Terms and Conditions of 
any Mortgage Pandbrieven if and to the extent that, in its determination, the same could reasonably be 
expected to result in the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating an Interest 
Payment Date or Resettable Note Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, and in such case the Issuer may, subject 
to certain conditions, be able to apply the provisions of Condition 2(n) (Benchmark replacement) on an 
adjusted basis to avoid that outcome, all as more fully described under Condition 2(n)(iv) (Benchmark 
Amendments). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, including any 
adjustment spread, may result in any Mortgage Pandbrieven linked to or referencing an Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than 
they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. There is also a 
risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time. 
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate 
of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
If “Benchmark Replacement” is specified to be “Not Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, investors 
should be aware that, if an Original Reference Rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the Rate 
of Interest on Mortgage Pandbrieven which reference the Original Reference Rate will be determined for 
the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Mortgage Pandbrieven. Depending on 
the manner in which the Original Reference Rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, 
this may in certain circumstances result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate

--- Page 52 ---
52
 
Mortgage Pandbrieven as mentioned above. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven which reference the 
Original Reference Rate. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven to which the fall-back arrangements are applicable. Moreover, any of the above matters or 
any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could adversely 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and 
the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Mortgage Pandbrieven in making 
any investment decision with respect to any Mortgage Pandbrieven referencing a Benchmark.

--- Page 53 ---
53
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 20222 and 
31 December 20233, including the reports of the statutory auditors in respect thereof; 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the half-year ended 30 June 
2024, including the report of the statutory auditor in respect thereof 4 (the “2024 interim report”); 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven contained in the base prospectus dated 
22 January 2021 (the “2021 Terms and Conditions” and the “2021 Base Prospectus”, respectively), 
pages 71-129 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme5;  
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven contained in the base prospectus dated 18 February 
2022 (the “February 2022 Terms and Conditions” and the “February 2022 Base Prospectus”, 
respectively), pages 77-136 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme6;  
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven contained in the base prospectus dated 30 
September 2022 (the “September 2022 Terms and Conditions” and the “September 2022 Base 
Prospectus”, respectively), pages 82-141 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme7; and 
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven contained in the base prospectus dated 9 October 
2023 (the “October 2023 Terms and Conditions” and the “October 2023 Base Prospectus”, 
respectively), pages 82-141 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme8, 
each of which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and have been prepared by the Issuer. Such 
documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose 
of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. The documents incorporated by 
reference are published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).   
Unless expressly provided otherwise, the content of websites or URLs referred to in this Base Prospectus do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The tables below sets out the relevant page references for the (i) consolidated balance sheet statement / condensed 
consolidated interim statement of financial position (ii) (condensed) consolidated (interim) statement of profit or 
loss, (iii) (condensed) consolidated (interim) statement of comprehensive income, (iv) (condensed interim) 
(consolidated) statement of changes in equity, (v) (condensed) consolidated (interim) cash flow statement, (vi) 
the audit report on the (condensed) consolidated (interim) accounts / statutory auditor’s review report, and (vii) 
 
2  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta/over-argenta/jaarverslagen/2022/argenta-spaarbank-ifrs-annual-
statements-2022.pdf. 
3  
Available at:.https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta/over-argenta/jaarverslagen/2023/IFRS-Annual-Report-Aspa-2023.pdf. 
4  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta/over-argenta/jaarverslagen/2024/argenta-spaarbank-ifrs-half-year-
financial-statements-2024.pdf.   
5  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-information/2021/belgian-mortgage-pandbrieven-
programme/Consolidated_Base_Prospectus.pdf.  
6  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-information/2022/belgian-mortgage-pandbrieven-
programme/Belgian_Mortgage_Pandbrieven_Programme_Base%20prospectus%202022.pdf.  
7  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-information/2022/belgian-mortgage-pandbrieven-
programme/belgian_mortgage_pandbrieven_programme_base-prospectus-2-2022.pdf.  
8  
Available at: https://www.argenta.eu/content/dam/argenta-eu-site/financial-
information/2023/bmpp/belgian_mortgage_pandbrieven_programme_base-prospectus-2023.pdf.

--- Page 54 ---
54
 
notes to the (condensed) consolidated (interim) financial statements, as set out in each of the 2022 and 2023 annual 
reports and the 2024 interim report of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and as endorsed by the 
European Union.  
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table below 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts of such documents are not relevant for the 
investors or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  For the avoidance of doubt, no other part of the 2021 
Base Prospectus, the February 2022 Base Prospectus, the September 2022 Base Prospectus and the October 2023 
Base Prospectus is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (other than the 2021 Terms and Conditions 
contained on pages 71-129 (inclusive) of the 2021 Base Prospectus, the February 2022 Terms and Conditions 
contained on pages 77-136 (inclusive) of the February 2022 Base Prospectus, the September 2022 Terms and 
Conditions contained on pages 82-141 (inclusive) of the September 2022 Base Prospectus and the October 2023 
Terms and Conditions contained on pages 82-141 (inclusive) of the October 2023 Base Prospectus). 
 
 
 
Consolidated financial 
statements 2022 
(English version) 
Consolidated financial 
statements 2023 
(English version) 
Audit report on the consolidated accounts 
pages 155-162 
pages 140-147 
Consolidated balance sheet statement 
pages 13-14 
pages 13-14 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
pages 15-16 
pages 15-16 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
page 17 
page 17 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
page 18 
page 18 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
pages 19-21 
pages 19-21 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
pages 22-151 
pages 22-136 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated interim 
financial statements 2024 
 
(English version) 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of financial position 
pages 9-10 
Condensed consolidated interim statement of profit or loss
page 11
Condensed consolidated interim statement of comprehensive income
page 12
Condensed consolidated interim statement of changes in equity
page 13
Condensed consolidated interim cash flow statement
page 14
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements
Pages 16-55
Statutory Auditor’s review report
page 58

--- Page 55 ---
55
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial metrics which the Issuer considers to constitute alternative 
performance measures (“APMs”) and which are provided in addition to the conventional financial performance 
measures defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting framework, the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The Issuer believes that APMs provide investors with meaningful, additional 
insight as to underlying performance of the Issuer. An investor should not consider such APMs as alternatives to 
measures reflected in the Issuer’s financial information, which has been prepared in accordance with the IFRS. In 
particular, an investor should not consider such measures as alternatives to profit after tax, operating profit or 
other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS or as an alternative to cash flow from operating 
activities as a measure of the Issuer’s activity. 
Please see below an overview of the APMs used in this Base Prospectus and their respective meanings. The text 
in italics sets out a brief explanation as to why the Issuer uses that APM. 
 
Capital gain/loss AFS 
The realised capital gains of (available for sale) debt securities. 
It is a part of the income that is not considered to be a result of the normal 
day-to-day activities.
Core net result 
The net result not taking into account Gains or losses on derecognition of 
financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or 
loss. 
It is income resulting from the normal day-to-day activities.
Cost/Income or C/I 
[operating expenses of the period] / [financial and operational result of 
the period] 
Operating expenses include administration expenses, depreciation and 
provisions. Bank levies are recognised in the first quarter (as required by 
the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”) 21). In order to make a 
correct economic analysis, these are prorated and thus spread equally over 
the different quarters. 
Financial and operational result includes net interest income, dividend 
income, net income from commissions and fees, realised gains and losses 
on financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value in the income 
statement, gains and losses on financial assets and liabilities held for 
trading, gains and losses from hedge accounting, gains and losses on de-
recognition of assets other than held for sale and other net operating 
income. 
This metric gives an indication of the cost evolution (operating expenses) 
in relation to the evolution in income (financial and operational result) 
during a specific period, which is normally a calendar year.
Cost/income or C/I excl. 
bank levies 
[operating expenses of the period - bank levies of the period] / [financial 
and operational result of the period] 
The numerator is adjusted for bank levies in order to provide a better 
insight into the underlying business trends. 
This metric gives an indication of the cost evolution (operating expenses, 
excluding the bank levies due by the Issuer) in relation to the evolution in 
income (financial and operational result) during a specific period, which 
is normally a calendar year.

--- Page 56 ---
56
 
Cost of Risk 
[Collective (stage 1 and 2) and specific (stage 3) impairments] / Average 
outstanding of total loan portfolio 
This metric should be interpreted as an indication of the health of a loan 
portfolio, indicating the proportion of the total portfolio that has been 
impaired.
Coverage Ratio 
[Specific (stage 3) impairments] / [Total outstanding NPLs] 
This metric gives an indication of the proportion of a Non-Performing 
Loan that cannot be recovered. The lower the ratio, the higher the 
recovered portion of the Non-Performing Loans.
Customer assets under 
management 
The total market value of assets that the Issuer manages on behalf of 
investors. 
It takes into account on-balance activities as well as off-balance activities 
such as investment funds.
Loan to deposit or LTD 
[loans and receivables] / [customer deposits and customer debt 
certificates] 
This measure indicates the percentage of loans that is granted with 
customer funding.
Loan to value or LTV 
Ratio of the outstanding loan amount to the indexed value of a purchased 
asset. 
It is a key risk indicator, giving insight in possible losses after a default 
of the borrower when the asset has to be sold.
Net interest income or NII 
[revenues generated by interest-bearing assets] - [cost of servicing 
(interest-burdened) liabilities] 
As almost all on-balance activities of the Issuer are interest rate driven, 
NII gives the most important pillar of income.
Net interest margin or 
NIM 
[net interest income of the period] / [average total assets of the period] 
Total assets are used as a proxy for the total interest-bearing assets. 
The NIM gives the relative value of the NII and insight is given in the way 
that NII is following the on-balance activities and –growth.
Non-Performing 
Loans 
(“NPLs”) ratio 
[Total outstanding NPLs] / [Total Outstanding Loans] 
Non-performing Loans are defined as loans on which loan loss reserves 
(impairments) are booked.  
This metric gives an indication of the proportion of outstanding loans that 
have payment arrears. The evolution gives insight in the credit quality 
changes of the loan portfolio.
Return on equity or RoE 
[net profit of the period (annualised)] / [equity at the beginning of the 
period] 
It is a relative value of profitability and more specifically gives the return 
for shareholders on their investment

--- Page 57 ---
57
 
Total Capital Ratio or 
TCR 
[common equity tier 1 capital + additional tier 1 instruments + tier 2 
instruments] / [total risk weighted assets] 
This metric shows the ratio between the total regulatory own funds and 
the total regulatory risk exposures.

--- Page 58 ---
58
 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, 
once approved by the CSSF in its capacity as the competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, in respect 
of any subsequent issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven to be listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market (including the Professional Segment thereof), shall constitute a prospectus 
supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if, at any time during the duration of the Programme, there 
is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Mortgage Pandbrieven and whose inclusion in or 
removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the 
rights attaching to the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement (in accordance with Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation) to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent offering of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of 
such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 59 ---
59
 
PROGRAMME DESCRIPTION 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Mortgage Pandbrieven under this Programme. The aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of Mortgage Pandbrieven in euro shall not at any time exceed EUR 7,500,000,000, subject to 
increase as described herein. All Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding from time to time shall be included 
in a list which can be consulted on the website of the NBB at www.nbb.be. 
Holders of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme (and the Other Creditors) will benefit from an 
exclusive recourse against the assets which constitute the same Special Estate when liquidation proceedings are 
initiated against the Issuer or when the Issuer is being resolved. The primary asset class of the Special Estate will 
consist of Residential Mortgage Loans. The eligible residential mortgage loan pool is determined in line with the 
Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations. The selection of the Residential Mortgage Loans out of that eligible 
residential mortgage loan pool, that are registered as Cover Assets, is based on criteria such as (but not limited to) 
loan-to-value, etc. in order to optimise the management of the Programme. The value of the Residential Mortgage 
Loans calculated in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations (and including any collections in 
respect thereof) will at all times represent at least 105 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series. Both the issued Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Residential Mortgage 
Loans and any other Cover Assets will be registered in the Cover Register. Investor reports with details on, among 
others, the composition of the Special Estate will be made available on the website of the Issuer (www.argenta.eu) 
on a monthly basis. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Mortgage Pandbrieven subject to the terms and conditions (and 
relevant Final Terms) set out in this Base Prospectus, but the Issuer may also from time to time issue Mortgage 
Pandbrieven subject to terms not contemplated by this Base Prospectus. In the latter case, the relevant terms or 
form of terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are or, as the case may be, will be set out in a schedule to the 
Programme Agreement. 
I. 
Programme Agreements  
1.1 
Programme Agreement 
The programme agreement is concluded between the Issuer, the Noteholders’ Representative and the 
Cover Pool Monitor and is an over-arching agreement initially dated 30 September 2022 (such 
programme agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time and most 
recently on 4 October 2024, the Programme Agreement), containing certain common terms (the 
“Common Terms”) which will apply to all Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme. These 
Common Terms include the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, the Payment Default provision and 
cross-acceleration, the Rules of Organisation of the Noteholders, the Noteholders’ Waiver, certain 
provisions required by the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations, certain Issuer Covenants, and specify, 
for the avoidance of doubt, that all the holders of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be represented by the 
Noteholders’ Representative and will benefit from an exclusive recourse against the assets which 
constitute the Special Estate when liquidation proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or when the 
Issuer is being resolved. The Programme Agreement further provides that a Programme Resolution will 
be required for any amendment to the Common Terms, unless (i) the Noteholders’ Representative is of 
the opinion that such amendment will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or 
(ii) that the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or, in the opinion of the Noteholders’ 
Representative, to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. The 
Programme Agreement also provides that no Residential Mortgage Loans can be deregistered from the 
Special Estate without prior approval of the Cover Pool Monitor in case such deregistration would lead 
to a decrease of the ratio between the value of the Cover Assets and the outstanding principal amount of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven. No such approval is required for the deregistration of Residential Mortgage 
Loans with a value of zero nor for a substitution (i.e. a replacement of the Residential Mortgage Loan by 
another) whereby the value of the Cover Assets does not decrease due to this substitution.

--- Page 60 ---
60
 
1.2 
Noteholders’ Representative Agreement 
Pursuant to the noteholders’ representative agreement, initially dated 30 September 2022 (such 
noteholders’ representative agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time and most recently on 4 October 2024, the Noteholders’ Representative Agreement), the holders 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (and the Other Creditors which have agreed thereto) will be represented by 
the Noteholders’ Representative which shall have the powers and rights conferred on it by the applicable 
terms and conditions, the Rules of Organisation of the Noteholders and the Noteholders’ Representative 
Agreement.  
1.3 
Agency Agreement 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Base Prospectus will also have the benefit of an agency 
agreement (unless otherwise specified), initially dated 30 September 2022 (such agency agreement as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time and most recently on 4 October 2024, 
the Agency Agreement), pursuant to which the relevant (principal) paying agent and calculation agent 
shall be appointed. 
1.4 
Distribution Agreement 
The Issuer and the Dealers have entered into a distribution agreement initially dated 30 September 2022 
(such distribution agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time and 
most recently on 4 October 2024, the Distribution Agreement). Under the terms of the Distribution 
Agreement, the Issuer may agree with the Dealers that are party thereto to issue Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
In that case, the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued pursuant to and subject to the terms of the 
Distribution Agreement. The Issuer may also decide to issue Mortgage Pandbrieven which are not subject 
to the Distribution Agreement. 
1.5 
Cover Pool Monitor Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into a cover pool monitor agreement initially dated 30 September 2022 (such 
cover pool monitor agreement, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time and 
most recently on 4 October 2024, the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement), pursuant to which EY 
Bedrijfsrevisoren BV/Reviseurs d'Entreprises SRL has been appointed as Cover Pool Monitor to perform 
the tasks assigned to the Cover Pool Monitor in the Conditions, the Programme Documents and the 
Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations. 
1.6 
Clearing Services Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into a Clearing Services Agreement on 21 January 2021 with the NBB-SSS in its 
capacity as operator of the Securities Settlement System, and the Paying Agent in relation to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven which will be represented by a book-entry in the records of the Securities Settlement 
System.  
This Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Noteholders’ Representative Agreement, the Agency 
Agreement, the Distribution Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement 
and any other agreement or document entered into from time to time under or in connection with the Programme 
(as the same may be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time to time) and designated as a 
programme document constitute together the programme documents (the “Programme Documents”). Unless 
otherwise specified, the Programme Documents will be governed by Belgian law. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Programme Documents, the Issuer shall be entitled to vary, approve or terminate the 
appointment of any agent or party thereto and/or appoint any additional or substitute agent or party (including 
(without limitation) in relation to the issue of any Mortgage Pandbrieven). The Issuer may also enter into any

--- Page 61 ---
61
 
other agreement or document as it may from time to time deem necessary or appropriate in relation to the 
Programme or issuance of any Mortgage Pandbrieven. Each of the Programme Documents shall further contain 
specific provisions for the amendment, supplement, replacement and/or restatement of such agreement and a 
reference to any Programme Document shall be deemed a reference to such agreement as the same may from time 
be time be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated.

--- Page 62 ---
62
 
OVERVIEW OF THE LEGAL FRAMEWORK FOR BELGIAN COVERED BONDS AND BELGIAN 
PANDBRIEVEN 
The following is a brief overview of certain features of the legal framework governing the issuance of Belgian 
covered bonds / European covered bonds, as applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. This overview is not, 
and does not purport to be, a complete description addressing all aspects of the Belgian legal framework pertaining 
to Belgian covered bonds / European covered bonds, and is not intended to constitute legal advice or a 
comprehensive description of all legal aspects or consequences associated with or resulting from acquiring, 
holding, redeeming and/or disposing of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. Prospective investors should consult their own 
legal advisors concerning a complete analysis of the relevant legal framework and the detailed and overall legal 
consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or disposing of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, under any 
applicable laws. 
A dedicated regulatory regime for the issuance of covered bonds by Belgian credit institutions was adopted in 
August 2012. The Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations (as defined below) contemplate a full on balance structure 
with a right of dual recourse for noteholders (an unsecured claim against the general estate of the issuing credit 
institution and, in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated against the issuing credit institution or the issuing 
credit institution is being resolved, an exclusive recourse against the assets which constitute the special estate 
(together with certain other creditors)).  
At the end of 2019, the European Parliament and the Council finalised the legislative package on covered bond 
reforms made up of a new covered bond directive (Directive (EU) 2019/2162) and a new regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2160), which entered into force on 7 January 2020 with the deadline for application of 8 July 2022 
(both texts have relevance for the EEA and are to be implemented in due course in other countries in the EEA).  
On 26 November 2021, the Belgian legislator adopted a new law amending the Belgian Banking Law to, inter 
alia, transpose Directive (EU) 2019/2162 into Belgian law (the “Law of 26 November 2021”) and on 
15 February 2022 the Royal Decree of 27 January 2022 amending the Covered Bonds Royal Decree, the Cover 
Pool Administrator Royal Decree, the Royal Decree of 12 November 2012 concerning the undertakings for 
collective investment satisfying the conditions of Directive 2009/65/EC and the Royal Decree of 25 February 
2017 concerning certain public alternative investment funds and their management companies, and containing 
diverse provisions (the “Royal Decree of 27 January 2022”) was published in the Belgian Official Gazette (the 
Law of 26 November 2021 and the Royal Decree of 27 January 2022 herein jointly being referred to as the “New 
Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation”). As foreseen in Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and as is the case for Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2160, the main elements of New Belgian Covered Bonds Legislation entered into effect on 8 July 
2022. The below description of the legal framework governing the issuance of Belgian covered bonds / European 
covered bonds takes into account the new rules and amendments that have been introduced by the New Belgian 
Covered Bonds Legislation. In the remainder of this section (as is the case for the entire Base Prospectus), the 
legal terms “Belgian covered bonds” and “European covered bonds” are used interchangeably, as are the legal 
terms “Belgian pandbrieven” and “European covered bonds (premium)”. 
1 
Legislative framework 
1.1 
Overview 
The legislative framework for Belgian covered bonds is established by the following laws, decrees and 
regulations (as the same may be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations”): 
 
Articles 79 to 84/1 of Annex III to the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of 
credit institutions (Wet van 25 april 2014 op het statuut van en het toezicht op 
kredietinstellingen/Loi du 25 avril 2014 relative au statut et au contrôle des établissements de 
crédit), as amended from time to time, including by the Law of 26 November 2021 (the 
“Belgian Banking Law”);

--- Page 63 ---
63
 
 
The Law of 3 August 2012 on various measures to facilitate the mobilisation of claims in the 
financial sector (Wet van 3 augustus 2012 betreffende diverse maatregelen ter 
vergemakkelijking van de mobilisering van schuldvorderingen in de financiële sector/Loi du 3 
août 2012 relative à des mesures diverses pour faciliter la mobilisation de créances dans le 
secteur financier), as amended from time to time (the “Mobilisation Law”); 
 
The Royal Decree of 11 October 2012 on the issuance of Belgian covered bonds by Belgian 
credit institutions (Koninklijk Besluit van 11 oktober 2012 betreffende de uitgifte van Belgische 
covered bonds door kredietinstellingen naar Belgisch recht/Arrêté Royal du 11 octobre 2012 
relatif à l’émission de covered bonds belges par des établissements de crédit de droit belge), as 
amended from time to time, including by the Royal Decree of 27 January 2022 (the “Covered 
Bonds Royal Decree”). 
 
The Royal Decree of 11 October 2012 on the cover pool administrator in the context of the 
issuance of Belgian covered bonds by a Belgian credit institution (Koninklijk Besluit van 11 
oktober 2012 betreffende de portefeuillebeheerder in het kader van de uitgifte van Belgische 
covered bonds door een kredietinstelling naar Belgisch recht/Arrêté Royal du 11 octobre 2012 
relatif au gestionnaire de portefeuille dans le cadre de l'émission de covered bonds belges par 
un établissement de crédit de droit belge), as amended from time to time, including by the Royal 
Decree of 27 January 2022 (the “Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree”);  
 
NBB Circular NBB_2022_15 concerning the practical modalities for the application of the Law 
of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and stockbroking firms, as 
amended by the Law of 26 November 2021 for the purpose of implementing Directive 
2019/2162 dated 14 June 2022 (Circulaire van 14 juni 2022 over de praktische regels voor de 
toepassing van de wet van 25 april 2014 op het statuut van en het toezicht op kredietinstellingen 
en beursvennootschappen zoals gewijzigd door de wet van 26 november 2021 met het oog op 
de omzetting van Richtlijn 2019/2162 betreffende de uitgifte van en het overheidstoezicht op 
gedekte obligaties / Circulaire du 14 juin 2022 relative aux modalités pratiques d'application 
de la loi du 25 avril 2014 relative au statut et au contrôle des établissements de crédit et des 
sociétés de bourse telle que modifiée par la loi du 26 novembre 2021 en vue d'assurer la 
transposition de la Directive 2019/2162 concernant l'émission d'obligations garanties et la 
surveillance publique des obligations garanties) (the “NBB Covered Bonds Circular”); and 
 
NBB Circular NBB_2022_16 addressed to the cover pool monitors of Belgian credit institutions 
issuing Belgian covered bonds dated 14 June 2022 (Circulaire van 14 juni 2022 aan de 
portefeuillesurveillanten bij kredietinstellingen naar Belgisch recht die Belgische covered 
bonds uitgeven / Circulaire du 14 juin 2022 aux surveillants de portefeuille auprès 
d'établissements de crédit de droit belge qui émettent des covered bonds belges) (the “NBB 
Cover Pool Monitor Circular”). 
1.1.1 
Belgian covered bonds and Belgian pandbrieven 
Pursuant to Article 1, 1° of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law, covered bonds are debt instruments 
which: 
(a) 
are issued by a credit institution governed by Belgian law which is authorised to issue covered 
bonds and included in the list referred to in Article 82, first indent of the Belgian Banking Law; 
(b) 
are included itself or, if issued under a programme, the programme and each debt instrument 
issued thereunder is included in the list of Belgian covered bonds referred to in Article 82, 
second indent of the Belgian Banking Law; and

--- Page 64 ---
64
 
(c) 
are covered by cover assets (i.e., the assets of which the special estate is composed), as further 
defined below. 
Article 6 of the Belgian Banking Law and Article 1, 3° of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law provide 
that Belgian covered bonds that are covered by cover assets that meet the requirements set forth under 
Article 2, § 1 of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law and which are included as such in the list referred 
to under article 82, second indent of the Belgian Banking Law may be referred to as Belgian pandbrieven 
(Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) and as European covered bonds (premium) (Europese 
gedekte obligatie (premium)/obligation garantie européenne (de qualité supérieure)). In order to meet 
the requirements of Article 2, § 1 of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law, the composition and valuation 
of the cover assets must be capable of guaranteeing that the Belgian covered bond meets the requirements 
for obtaining a favourable weighting, as set out in Article 129 of CRR. Authorisation is granted to the 
King (i.e., the Belgian federal government) to develop or clarify the criteria that can be used for 
determining whether a Belgian covered bond meets these requirements. 
The covered bonds issued under the Programme are referred to as Mortgage Pandbrieven as they comply 
with the relevant requirements for Belgian pandbrieven (Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) / 
European covered bonds (premium) (Europese gedekte obligatie (premium)/obligation garantie 
européenne (de qualité supérieure)).  
1.1.2 
Dual authorisation  
A Belgian credit institution must be authorised by the Supervisory Authority and by the NBB, prior to 
being entitled to issue Belgian covered bonds. This authorisation comprises: 
(a) 
a general authorisation from the Supervisory Authority in relation to the organisational capacity 
of the credit institution to issue Belgian covered bonds and to ensure appropriate follow-up (the 
“General Authorisation”); and 
(b) 
a special authorisation from the NBB for each issue programme or particular issuance (if not 
issued under a programme), to ascertain whether such programme or issuance meets relevant 
legal requirements (the “Specific Authorisation”). 
On its website (www.nbb.be), the NBB will publish: 
(a) 
a list of credit institutions that are authorised to issue Belgian covered bonds; and 
(b) 
a list that specifies, per credit institution, the programmes (and the issuances thereunder) or 
issuances that have been authorised. 
1.1.3 
General AuthorisationTo obtain a General Authorisation, the credit institution must, among other 
things, provide to the Supervisory Authority (i) its programme of operations wherein the issue of Belgian 
covered bonds is described, as well as (ii) information on its financial position, long-term strategy, tasks 
and responsibilities in relation to the issuance of Belgian covered bonds, risk management policy, internal 
audit, decision-making processes and reporting processes in relation to the issuance of Belgian covered 
bonds and IT systems. The information on the credit institution’s financial position must demonstrate 
that the interests of its creditors other than the noteholders will be protected. The credit institution’s 
statutory auditor must report to the Supervisory Authority on the credit institution’s organisational 
capacity to issue Belgian covered bonds prior to and after the issuance of Belgian covered bonds. The 
NBB Covered Bonds Circular provides a list of information that Belgian credit institutions must provide 
to the Supervisory Authority when applying for a General Authorisation. 
The Supervisory Authority will only grant the General Authorisation to the extent that, on the basis of 
the information referred to above, it considers:

--- Page 65 ---
65
 
(a) 
that the administrative and accounting organisation of the issuing credit institution allows it to 
operate in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations, in particular as regards the 
requirement to segregate the cover assets from its general estate;  
(b) 
that the financial position of the issuing credit institution, specifically with respect to its 
solvency, is sufficient to safeguard the interests of its creditors, other than the noteholders; and 
(c) 
that the credit institution’s senior manager who is responsible for the issue of the Belgian 
covered bonds and related follow-up has sufficient expertise and availability to adequately 
perform its duties and that the credit institution allocates the resources necessary to ensure that 
these covered bonds are issued and managed properly. 
1.1.4 
Specific Authorisation 
To obtain a Specific Authorisation, the credit institution must, among other things, provide the NBB with 
information on the impact of the issuance on the liquidity position of the issuing credit institution, the 
quality of the cover assets, the extent to which the maturity dates of the Belgian covered bonds coincide 
with those of the cover assets and the identification of the proposed cover pool monitor 
(portefeuillesurveillant/surveillant de portefeuille) and the existence of any extendable maturity 
structures. The credit institution will also have to demonstrate that it continues to comply with the 
requirements of the General Authorisation and the cover pool monitor (portefeuillesurveillant/surveillant 
de portefeuille) will need to report to the NBB (see Section 1.2.6) on the compliance by the issuing credit 
institution with the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations prior to and after the 
issuance of Belgian covered bonds. 
The NBB will only grant the Specific Authorisation to the extent that, on the basis of the above 
information, it is satisfied that the following conditions have been met: 
(a) 
the issuing credit institution has obtained a General Authorisation;  
(b) 
the cover assets meet the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations (see Section 
1.2.5.2); and 
(c) 
the credit institution has an appropriate organisation to ensure compliance with the legal and 
regulatory provisions regarding the issuance of Belgian covered bonds. 
If a credit institution issues covered bonds in the framework of an issue programme, a Specific 
Authorisation only has to be obtained for the programme as such and not for each individual issue under 
that programme. However, credit institutions issuing covered bonds under an issue programme must 
regularly provide the NBB with an overview of all issues of covered bonds carried out under the 
programme and inform the NBB if a new issue takes place. 
1.2 
Rules applicable to the special estate 
1.2.1 
Composition of the special estate 
The estate of a credit institution that issues Belgian covered bonds is by operation of law split into a 
general estate and into specified special estates. There will be one special estate per authorised issue 
programme or stand-alone issuance of covered bonds, as the case may be. 
The credit institution that issues Belgian covered bonds must maintain a register in which all Belgian 
covered bonds and the cover assets are registered (the “cover register”).  
The special estate includes by operation of law:

--- Page 66 ---
66
 
(a) 
all assets registered in the cover register; 
(b) 
the assets (cash or financial instruments) received as collateral in the context of derivative 
contracts registered as cover assets; 
(c) 
all security interests and sureties, guarantees or privileges under whichever form that have been 
granted in relation to cover assets as well as rights under insurance policies and other contracts 
in relation to the cover assets or the management of the special estate; 
(d) 
all sums that the relevant credit institution holds as a result of the collection (reimbursement or 
payment) of the cover assets or of the enforcement of the rights mentioned above for the account 
of the special estate or otherwise held for the special estate; and 
(e) 
the mandatory reserves with the NBB to the extent that these are linked to the special estate, 
together, the “cover assets”. 
Pursuant to a revindication mechanism provided by Article 3, §2, second indent of Annex III to the 
Belgian Banking Law, the rights of the special estate in respect of cash that cannot be identified in the 
general estate will be transferred to unencumbered assets of the general estate that will be selected by 
taking into account criteria specified in the terms and conditions of the relevant issuance (hereinafter 
referred to as the “issue conditions”). 
1.2.2 
General principles concerning the special estate and the cover assets 
The receivables that are eligible to be registered as cover assets are the following, provided that they 
meet the requirements set out under Section 1.2.5.1 below: 
(a) 
mortgage receivables secured by a mortgage on residential real estate located in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”); 
(b) 
mortgage receivables secured by a mortgage on commercial real estate located in the EEA; 
(c) 
receivables on or guaranteed by (i) central governments or central banks of member states of 
the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), (ii) regional or local 
authorities or public sector entities of these member states or (iii) multilateral development 
banks or international organisations;  
(d) 
receivables on credit institutions qualifying for credit quality step 1 or 2, as determined in 
accordance with Article 136 CRR, which take the form of any of the following: 
(a) 
short-term receivables with a maturity of 3 months or less, or short-term deposits with 
credit institutions with an original maturity of not more than 100 days; and 
(b) 
derivative contracts that comply with Article 1/3 of Annex III to the Belgian Banking 
Law. 
Among the cover assets, a distinction is made between the primary assets, which may be any of the cover 
assets categories listed under (a), (b) or (c) above and make up the largest part of the special estate (the 
“primary asset class”), and the secondary assets, which include all cover assets that do not belong to 
the category of the primary asset class (the “secondary assets”). 
The cover assets must at all times and until the maturity date of the relevant Belgian covered bonds 
provide sufficient cover to (i) reimburse the principal and interests in respect of the relevant Belgian

--- Page 67 ---
67
 
covered bonds; (ii) satisfy the obligations to any creditors that are specifically mentioned or can be 
identified based on the criteria set out in the relevant issue conditions; and (iii) to make payments related 
to the maintenance and management of the cover assets and the relevant Belgian covered bonds, 
including payments for winding down the issue programme of the relevant Belgian covered bonds. In 
addition, there must be an excess (overschot/excédent) of cover assets, valued in accordance with the 
criteria of Article 81 § 4, 1°, b), of the Belgian Banking Law, such that the value of the principal of these 
assets exceeds the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Belgian covered bonds. The minimal 
coverage requirements are set forth in the Covered Bonds Royal Decree and are discussed under Section 
1.2.5.2 below. 
Issuing credit institutions must take the necessary measures to ensure that the cover assets for each issue 
of Belgian covered bonds or for each issue programme are at all times identifiable. 
1.2.3 
Allocation of the special estate 
Each special estate is exclusively allocated to satisfy the obligations to the relevant noteholders and any 
other creditors that are specifically mentioned or can be identified based on the criteria set out in the 
relevant issue conditions. The latter category of creditors will generally include the various parties that 
are involved in the structuring and the management of the special estate and relevant Belgian covered 
bonds. These may include, inter alia, the noteholders’ representative, the cover pool administrator, the 
cover pool monitor and relevant derivative contract counterparties. 
Creditors of the issuing credit institution (other than noteholders and creditors that are or can be identified 
in the issue conditions or the agreements that are entered into in the framework of the relevant issue 
programme or issuance of Belgian covered bonds) may not exercise any rights against or attach any 
assets of the special estate. 
1.2.4 
Management of the special estate 
The issuing credit institution is responsible for managing the special estate until the earlier of the 
initiation of liquidation proceedings against it or the appointment of a cover pool administrator (in 
accordance with Section 1.2.7.1 below). The rights and obligations with regard to the transactions that 
take place between the issuing credit institution and the special estate are recorded in writing as if the 
special estate were a separate legal entity. Such management includes removing certain cover assets from 
the special estate and replacing them with other cover assets to ensure compliance with the applicable 
requirements.  
1.2.5 
Rules applicable to the cover assets 
Prior to the issuance of Belgian covered bonds, the issuing credit institution must take all reasonable 
measures to ensure that it meets the following requirements, and the cover pool monitor must report to 
the Supervisory Authority on the credit institution’s compliance with such requirements (see Section 
1.2.6): 
(a) 
as regards the cover assets, (i) the qualitative requirements and limits (see Section 1.2.5.1), (ii) 
the quantitative requirements, (iii) the requirements regarding their valuation, (iv) the 
requirements regarding the coverage level, (v) the excess cover (overschot/excédent), (vi) the 
available liquidity, (vii) the requirements for the purchase of assets to cover an issue of covered 
bonds, and (viii) the requirements for derivative contracts, each as set out in the Belgian Covered 
Bonds Regulations; and 
(b) 
as regards the segregation of cover assets (afzondering/segregation), investor information, 
extendable maturity structures and record keeping (in particular the requirements of proper 
registration of the cover assets) (see Section 1.2.5.5).

--- Page 68 ---
68
 
Furthermore, the credit institution must establish risk management policies and carry out stress tests at 
least every three months to ensure that the liquidity generated by the cover assets is sufficient to meet the 
applicable tests and/or, as the case may be, have other assets that can be sold or mobilised quickly in 
order to provide relevant coverage. These stress tests must take into account at least the following 
scenarios: 
(a) 
sudden and unexpected interest rate and exchange rate movements; 
(b) 
different levels of prepayment of the cover assets; and 
(c) 
a significant deterioration of the credit quality of the cover assets. 
If it appears from the abovementioned stress tests that the cover assets are no longer sufficient, the issuing 
credit institution must take the necessary measures and/or at least ensure that it has sufficient other assets 
that it can pledge if such scenarios would actually occur. 
The issuing credit institution, its statutory auditor and the cover pool monitor will have ongoing 
obligations to provide to the Supervisory Authority periodic information on compliance with the Belgian 
Covered Bonds Regulations. 
1.2.5.1 Types of eligible assetsThe special estate may be composed of assets falling within any of the 
following four categories: residential mortgage loans (category 1), commercial mortgage loans 
(category 2), public sector exposures (category 3) and exposures to credit institutions, including 
derivative contracts (category 4). 
(a) 
Mortgage Loans 
The special estate may include residential mortgage loans or commercial mortgage 
loans: 
(i) 
Residential mortgage loans (category 1): mortgage receivables secured by a 
mortgage on residential real estate located in the EEA, up to an amount equal 
to the lower of (i) the principal amount of the relevant mortgage receivables 
and (ii) 80 per cent. of the value of the encumbered residential real estate. 
Mortgage receivables relating to residential real estate under construction or 
in development can only be included in the special estate if they do not 
represent more than 15 per cent. of all the residential mortgage loans included 
in the special estate.  
(ii) 
Commercial mortgage loans (category 2): mortgage receivables secured by a 
mortgage on commercial real estate located in the EEA, up to an amount equal 
to the lower of (i) the principal amount of the relevant receivables that is 
secured by one or more mortgages and (ii) 60 per cent. of the value of the 
encumbered commercial real estate. Mortgage receivables relating to 
commercial real estate under construction or in development may not be 
included in the special estate.  
In order to qualify as residential and commercial mortgage loans, the credit institution 
must be the beneficiary of a first-ranking mortgage. In addition, the relevant property 
securing the residential or commercial mortgage loan must be valued by a valuer within 
the meaning of Article 208(3)(b) of the CRR and in accordance with the requirements 
of Article 229(1) of the CRR. At the time of inclusion in the special estate, the issuing 
credit institution must take into account the current valuation of the property, which 
may be at or below market value. The issuing credit institution must furthermore

--- Page 69 ---
69
 
comply with the requirements of Article 208(5) of the CRR to have procedures in place 
to monitor that the relevant property is adequately insured against the risk of damage. 
Residential real estate is real property that is destined for housing or for leasing 
(huur/location) housing by the owner. 
Commercial real estate is real property that is primarily used for industrial or 
commercial purposes or for other professional activities, such as offices or other 
premises intended for the exercise of a commercial or services activity.  
Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations, a residential mortgage loan which 
is partly secured by a mortgage mandate may be included in the special estate. Subject 
to certain valuation rules (see Section 1.2.5.3), (a portion of) the amounts secured by 
the mortgage mandate may be taken into account for purposes of the Cover Tests. 
Investors should be aware that such mortgage mandate will only provide a security 
interest giving preference over other creditors once the mandate has been exercised 
and a mortgage has been registered. Prior to such exercise, third parties acting in good 
faith may register prior-ranking mortgages.  
Once a mandate is exercised by the relevant agents (mandaathouders/titulaires de 
mandat) in accordance with the terms of the mandate, the ensuing mortgage will rank 
at the highest level available at the time of registration of such mortgage. To the extent 
that the mortgage secures any other loans made by Argenta Spaarbank to the same 
grantor, the proceeds of any enforcement will in principle be shared pro rata among 
the various loans (including any such loans that are still with the general estate) (see 
also Condition 7(c)). 
(b) 
Public sector exposures (category 3): receivables on or guaranteed by (i) central 
governments or central banks of member states of the Organisation for Economic Co-
operation and Development (OECD), (ii) regional or local authorities or public sector 
entities of these member states or (iii) multilateral development banks or international 
organisations that qualify for a 0 per cent. risk weighting as set out in Article 117 and 
118 CRR.  
If the counterparties mentioned under (i) and (ii) above are not part of the European 
Union (EU) or the European System of Central Banks (ESCB), respectively, such 
receivables will only be eligible to qualify as cover assets if: 
(i) 
for the counterparties mentioned under (i), such receivables qualify for credit 
quality step 1 or 2, as determined in accordance with the criteria adopted 
pursuant to Article 136 CRR; 
(ii) 
for the counterparties mentioned under (ii), such receivables have the same 
risk weighting as exposures to institutions or central governments and central 
banks in accordance with Articles 115 and 166 CRR (respectively) and 
qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, as determined in accordance with the 
criteria adopted pursuant to Article 136 CRR. 
The amount represented by receivables owed by the abovementioned counterparties 
that qualify for credit quality step 2 may not exceed 20 per cent. of the nominal amount 
of the relevant covered bonds in issue.

--- Page 70 ---
70
 
(c) 
Exposures to credit institutions (category 4): claims against credit institutions that have 
the status of credit institution under the law of a member state of the OECD and which 
qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, as determined in accordance with the criteria 
adopted pursuant to Article 136 CRR, when such receivables qualify as either of the 
following: 
(i) 
short-term receivables with a maturity of three months or less, or short-term 
deposits with an original maturity of not more than 100 days, if such deposits 
are used to comply with the liquidity requirement applicable to the special 
estate; or 
(ii) 
derivative contracts. 
In order to qualify as cover assets, derivative contracts must meet the following 
requirements:  
(i) 
the derivative contracts are only intended to hedge interest rate risk, currency 
exchange risk linked to the cover assets or the Belgian covered bonds and 
their volume is adjusted in the case of a reduction in the hedged risk and they 
are removed when the hedged risk ceases to exist; 
(ii) 
the derivative contracts are not subject to early termination (close-out) in case 
liquidation or resolution proceedings are opened against the issuing credit 
institution, irrespective of whether such early termination occurs 
automatically or at the initiative of the counterparty; 
(iii) 
the derivative contracts may not be covered by a novation or netting 
agreement to which the issuing credit institution is a party;  
(iv) 
the derivative contracts must be concluded with credit institutions that are not 
included in the scope of the issuing credit institution’s prudential 
consolidation, are governed by the laws of an OECD member state and which 
are at least eligible for credit quality step 2 as determined in accordance with 
Article 136 CRR; and  
(v) 
the net exposures of the counterparties under these derivative contracts must 
be secured by values (waarden/valeurs) or financial instruments issued or 
guaranteed by a central authority which is governed by the laws of an OECD 
member state and is eligible for credit quality step 1 as determined in 
accordance with Article 136 CRR. 
The issuing credit institutions that decide to include derivative contracts in the special 
estate must ensure that they at all times have the requisite documentation (which is 
regularly updated) to demonstrate compliance with the requirements of Article 1/3 of 
Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law and with the requirements of Section 6.4 of 
IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments). This documentation must also include an external and 
independent legal advice confirming the validity and enforceability of the derivative 
contracts in the relevant jurisdictions is confirmed and which covers at least the law 
chosen by the parties (lex contractus) and the law applicable to liquidation proceedings 
(lex fori concursus) that may affect the counterparty. 
Derivative contracts registered in the cover register are part of the special estate. 
Collateral posted with the issuer under such derivative contracts is part of the special

--- Page 71 ---
71
 
estate by operation of law and can only be used for obligations in relation to the special 
estate in accordance with the issue conditions and the relevant derivative contract. 
Amounts paid as reimbursement, collection or payment of interest on claims or assets included 
in the special estate as part of the relevant categories may be taken into account as cover assets 
that are a part of their respective category. 
1.2.5.2 Cover Tests 
At the time of the issuance and as long as any Belgian covered bonds remain outstanding, the 
issuing credit institution must, in respect of each special estate, meet the following cover tests: 
(a) 
the value of the primary assets must represent at least 85 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the relevant Belgian covered bonds outstanding (the “85 per cent. Asset 
Coverage Test”). As a result, three general types of Belgian covered bond 
programmes or issues can be distinguished on the basis of their primary asset class: (i) 
residential mortgage loans; (ii) commercial mortgage loans; or (iii) public sector 
exposures.  
(b) 
the value of the cover assets must provide an excess cover such that their value exceeds 
the outstanding principal amount of the Belgian covered bonds. Per special estate, the 
value of the cover assets must represent at least 105 per cent. of the outstanding 
principal amount of the issued Belgian covered bonds (the “Over-Collateralisation 
Test”), provided that the principal amounts of the cover assets have not been taken into 
account elsewhere to meet the requirements of the Amortisation Test (as defined 
below) with regard to payment obligations other than those related to the principal 
amount of the Belgian covered bonds. As a result, the special estate must at all times 
be over-collateralised by at least 5 per cent.; and 
(c) 
the sum of the principal, interests and all other income generated by the cover assets 
(including the income generated by derivative contracts and available liquidity 
resources) must, during the entire duration of the relevant Belgian covered bonds, 
provide a sufficient cover for (i) the payment of principal and interest on the Belgian 
covered bonds and (ii) the costs related to the maintenance and management of the 
covered bonds issue programme, including the costs for winding down such 
programme (the “Amortisation Test”), 
all three together, the “Cover Tests”. 
1.2.5.3 Cover assets valuation methodology 
For the purpose of the 85 per cent. Asset Coverage Test and the Over-Collateralisation Test, the 
value of the over assets of each category is determined as follows: 
(a) 
Residential mortgage loans: the lesser of (i) the outstanding loan amount, (ii) 80 per 
cent. of the market value of the residential real estate and (iii) the value of the mortgage. 
If the residential real estate over which a mortgage has been created is located in 
Belgium, the value of the mortgage in respect of a residential mortgage loan will be 
equal to the amount of the mortgage registration in first rank, plus any amounts of 
mortgages in subsequent ranks (provided that there are no other creditors with prior-
ranking mortgage rights (zonder dat andere schuldeisers zich in een tussenpositie 
bevinden/sans interposition d’autres créanciers)).

--- Page 72 ---
72
 
If the mortgage is supplemented with a mortgage mandate, the value of the mortgage 
will be equal to the lesser of (a) the sum of the amount of the mortgage registration in 
first rank, plus any amounts of mortgages in sequentially lower ranks (provided that 
there are no other creditors with prior-ranking mortgage rights (zonder dat andere 
schuldeisers zich in een tussenpositie bevinden/sans interposition d’autres 
créanciers)) and the amount for which a mortgage mandate has been granted and 
(b) the amount of the mortgage registration in first rank, plus the amount of any 
mortgage in sequentially lower ranks (provided that there are no other creditors with 
prior-ranking mortgage rights (zonder dat andere schuldeisers zich in een tussenpositie 
bevinden/sans interposition d’autres créanciers)), divided by 0.6. 
If the residential real estate over which the mortgage has been created is located outside 
Belgium, the value of the mortgage in respect of such residential mortgage loan will 
be equal to the amount of the mortgage registration in first rank, plus the amount of 
any mortgages in sequentially lower ranks (provided that there are no other creditors 
with prior-ranking mortgage rights (zonder dat andere schuldeisers zich in een 
tussenpositie bevinden/sans interposition d’autres créanciers)). Mortgage mandates 
are not taken into consideration. 
Residential real estate may only be taken into consideration for purposes of the 
valuation calculations of the cover assets if the requirements set out in Article 208 of 
the CRR have been complied with.  
The 80 per cent. valuation limit mentioned above must be calculated for each mortgage 
loan separately and applies for the total duration of the loan. 
The value of the real estate is to be monitored regularly and at least annually for 
residential real estate.  
(b) 
Commercial mortgage loans: the lesser of (i) the outstanding loan amount, (ii) 60 per 
cent. of the sales value of the commercial real estate and (iii) the value of the mortgage. 
The value of the mortgage in respect of a commercial mortgage loan equals the amount 
of the mortgage registration in first rank, accrued (if applicable) with the amount of the 
mortgages in sequentially lower ranks (provided that there are no other creditors with 
prior-ranking mortgage rights (zonder dat andere schuldeisers zich in een tussenpositie 
bevinden/sans interposition d’autres créanciers)). Mortgage mandates are not taken 
into consideration. 
Commercial real estate may only be taken into consideration for purposes of the 
valuation calculations if the requirements of Article 208 CRR are satisfied. The value 
of the commercial real estate is to be monitored regularly and at least annually. 
The 60 per cent. valuation limit mentioned above must be calculated for each mortgage 
loan separately and applies for the total duration of the loan. 
(c) 
Public sector exposures: the value of such exposures is equal to the book value in the 
books of the issuing credit institution (or limited to the amount guaranteed by the 
relevant entities).  
(d) 
Exposure to credit institutions:

--- Page 73 ---
73
 
(i) 
Derivative contracts: the value of derivatives contracts is determined on the 
basis of the amount that is due upon the termination of such agreement (the 
“close-out amount”); 
(ii) 
Other exposures to credit institutions: the value of such exposures is equal to 
the book value in the books of the issuing credit institution. 
Moreover, the rules and methodologies for the purposes of valuing the real estate will 
have to comply with the specific rules set out in Article 5 of the NBB Covered Bonds 
Circular. This Article 5 specifies that for the purpose of the Amortisation Test, the 
principal amount of a mortgage receivable will be restricted to the limit applicable to 
such cover assets as calculated at the time when the Cover Tests are performed. Article 
5 of the NBB Covered Bonds Circular further adds that the valuation of real estate 
must be carried out in accordance with the requirements set out in Circular 
NBB_2021_18 implementing the European Banking Authority (EBA) Guidelines 
EBA/GL/2020/06, and in particular in accordance with section 7 of the EBA 
Guidelines. 
For the purpose of the Cover Tests, no assets for which a default has occurred in accordance 
with Article 178 CRR may be registered in the special estate. In any event, the value of an asset 
for which a default has occurred in accordance with Article 178 CRR, is zero. The value of an 
asset that is 30 days (or more) past due (excluding any assets in default in accordance with 
Article 178 CRR) will only be taken into account for 50 per cent. of the value as set out above. 
1.2.5.4 Liquidity Buffer 
Issuing credit institutions must at all times be able to meet their payment obligations related to 
their issued covered bonds. To this end, issuing credit institutions must put in place mechanisms 
to ensure that they have the necessary liquidity at their disposal at all times.  
At the time of the issuance and for so long as any Belgian covered bonds remain outstanding, 
each special estate must contain sufficient liquid and available cover assets to form a liquidity 
buffer in order to enable the issuing credit institution to at all times cover (i) the Net Liquidity 
Outflow (as defined below) of the relevant issue or issue programme, as well as (ii) the 
maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow calculated over a six month period (the Liquidity 
Buffer”).  
The net liquidity outflow (nettoliquiditeitsuitstroment/les sorties nettes de trésorerie) includes 
all outgoing payment flows due on a certain day, including repayments of principal and interest 
and payments under derivative contracts and the costs of maintaining and managing the issue 
or issue programme of Belgian covered bonds, after deduction of all incoming payment flows 
due on the same day for receivables related to the cover assets (the “Net Liquidity Outflow”). 
If the issue conditions of the relevant covered bonds provide for an extendable maturity structure 
(verlengbare-looptijdstructuur/structure d'échéance prorogeable), the calculation of the 
principal amount can be based on the maximum maturity specified in the issue conditions. 
The Liquidity Buffer mentioned above is comprised of: 
(i) 
cover assets that qualify as ‘level 1 assets’ in accordance with the requirements of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 to supplement 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council with regard 
to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions, are valued in accordance with 
that regulation and which have not been issued by the issuing credit institution, its

--- Page 74 ---
74
 
parent (unless its parent is a public law entity that is not a credit institution), its 
subsidiary or any other subsidiary of its parent; and 
(ii) 
short-term receivables or short-term deposits that qualify as category 4 cover assets. 
When calculating the Net Liquidity Outflows and Liquidity Buffer, the principal and income of 
cover assets for which a default has occurred in accordance with Article 178 CRR shall count 
for zero. The principal and income of cover assets that are 30 days (or more) past due (excluding 
any cover assets in default in accordance with Article 178 CRR) will only be taken into account 
for 50 per cent. 
If an issuing credit institution fails to meet the requirements of Article 7, § 1 of the Covered 
Bonds Royal Decree, it will have 14 days to take the necessary redress measures to meet the 
relevant requirements. As long as an issuing credit institution has not taken the necessary redress 
measures, it is not allowed to issue new Belgian covered bonds (under a programme or on a 
stand-alone basis). 
1.2.5.5 The Cover Register 
As from their registration in the cover register, the assets, including the relevant derivative 
contracts, that are part of the relevant special estate, constitute the cover assets. Such registration 
and allocation to the cover assets is valid and enforceable against third parties.  
The amounts that are paid by way of repayment, recovery or payment of interests on claims or 
assets included in the special estate, are deemed to be registered as cover assets to the extent 
that the relevant claim or asset is registered, until the point at which such amounts are used for 
other purposes.  
Upon their removal from the cover register, the assets or the derivative contracts will no longer 
constitute cover assets. Such deregistration is valid and enforceable towards third parties. 
The cover register must at least contain the following information:  
(a) 
the characteristics per series of issued Belgian covered bonds, including their nominal 
value, maturity date and interest rate(s); and 
(b) 
the characteristics of assets that constitute the cover assets, including the category, the 
type of contract, the nominal value, the currency, the issue date or origination date and 
the maturity date of the assets, the date of registration in the cover register, the identity 
of the counterparties, information regarding redemption, interest rates, guarantees and 
the valuation of the assets. 
If any of the above characteristics of an asset changes, this must be reflected in the cover register 
as soon as possible.  
The assets, derivative contracts and outstanding debt instruments that are part of the special 
estate, as well as the security interests securing such cover assets, must be registered in 
accordance with the following principles:  
(a) 
the cover assets, which are registered in the cover register, must at all times be 
identifiable in the accounts and systems of the issuing credit institution; 
(b) 
each transaction regarding cover assets must be immediately registered in the cover 
register and at the latest on the same day by close of business;

--- Page 75 ---
75
 
(c) 
each registration in and/or amendment to the cover register must be traceable; 
(d) 
the issuing credit institution must be able to copy the content of the cover register at 
all times; and 
(e) 
at the end of each month, the content of the cover register must be copied to a durable 
medium and kept for a period of 5 years after the maturity date of the Belgian covered 
bonds. The cover register as well as the (back-up) copy must be kept in electronic 
format, and the back-up copy must be stored in a different protected location than the 
original register. The standard procedures of the issuing credit institution for back-up 
and archiving can be used to this end, provided that the relevant storage method is 
acceptable to the statutory auditor, the cover pool monitor, the cover pool administrator 
and the Supervisory Authority. 
Protective measures must be taken to prevent unauthorised persons from making modifications 
to the cover register, or to prevent damages to or destruction of the cover register. To this end, 
the issuing credit institution must keep an updated (back-up) copy of the cover register in 
another location. 
1.2.5.6 Sanctions in case of breach 
If the issuing credit institution is (and remains) or the Belgian covered bonds are unable to meet 
the requirements which apply to it as issuing credit institution of Belgian covered bonds, the 
NBB can grant a grace period during which this situation must be resolved. If the situation is 
not resolved after expiry of this grace period, the NBB can revoke the credit institution’s 
Specific Authorisation or appoint a cover pool administrator in accordance with Article 8 of 
Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law, and the Supervisory Authority can (as the case may be 
on the NBB’s request) revoke the credit institution’s General Authorisation. From the date of 
withdrawal of one or more of the aforementioned authorisations, no new issue of Belgian 
covered bonds may take place, not even under an existing issuance program. As mentioned 
above, for so long as the issuing credit institution is in breach of the Liquidity Buffer, it shall 
not be allowed to issue new Belgian covered bonds, regardless of the granting of any grace 
period by the NBB. 
In urgent circumstances or when the seriousness of the facts so requires, the NBB or the 
Supervisory Authority (as the case may be on the NBB’s request) can revoke the issuing credit 
institution’s Specific Authorisation or General Authorisation (respectively) without granting 
any grace period. The Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations provide that this will not affect the 
registration of outstanding cover assets. If the NBB or the Supervisory Authority decide to 
revoke any of the authorisations of the issuing credit institution, the NBB must immediately 
notify the ECB and the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) thereof and publish such decision 
on its website without delay. A revocation of the Specific or General Authorisation of the 
issuing credit institution is without prejudice to the rights of the holders of the Belgian covered 
bonds and the other creditors that benefit from a dual right of recourse, and the issuing credit 
institution will remain subject to the requirements of the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations 
until it has fulfilled all its payment obligations under its outstanding Belgian covered bonds 
(unless to the extent exempted therefrom by the NBB). As of the date of such revocation, the 
relevant credit institution may not proceed to any new issue of Belgian covered bonds, including 
under an existing programme.  
The Supervisory Authority can also publish warnings to indicate that a credit institution has 
failed to comply with the NBB’s requests to meet the requirements of the Belgian Covered 
Bonds Regulations within a specified grace period. In addition, as part of its general supervisory 
function under the Belgian Banking Law, the Supervisory Authority can – after hearing or

--- Page 76 ---
76
 
inviting the issuing credit institution for a hearing – impose a fine of maximum EUR 2,500,000 
per breach or EUR 50,000 per day of non-compliance. 
The Supervisory Authority has the power to impose administrative penalties on issuing credit 
institutions. Such administrative penalties may range from EUR 10,000 to 10 per cent. of the 
credit institution's annual net turnover of the past financial year. 
1.2.6 
Cover pool monitor 
For each issue programme or (as the case may be) stand-alone issuance, the issuing credit institution 
must appoint a cover pool monitor (portefeuillesurveillant/surveillant de portefeuille) approved by the 
NBB. The cover pool monitor must be an auditor who is not the statutory auditor of the issuing credit 
institution. The cover pool monitor will verify and issue periodic reports to the NBB on the issuing credit 
institution’s compliance with the legal and regulatory framework applicable to Belgian covered bonds. 
(a) 
Prior to the first issuance of Belgian covered bonds 
Prior to the issuance of Belgian covered bonds, the cover pool monitor must verify whether the 
issuing credit institution meets the following requirements listed in Sections 1.2.5. It is the 
responsibility of the cover pool monitor to determine the procedures that must be observed to 
that effect. The NBB can also request that the cover pool monitor performs other tasks and 
verifications. 
The verifications carried out by the cover pool monitor must be sufficient to provide a 
reasonable degree of certainty that the planned covered bonds issuance complies with the 
relevant requirements of the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations. 
(b) 
Following the issuance of Belgian covered bonds 
Following the first issuance of Belgian covered bonds, the cover pool monitor must take all 
reasonable steps to verify, at least once a year, whether the issuing credit institution complies 
with the requirements set out in Section 1.2.5.  
If the issuing credit institution does not comply with such requirements, the cover pool monitor 
must immediately inform the NBB and the issuing credit institution. 
Furthermore, the cover pool monitor must verify at least once a month whether the Cover Tests, 
the Liquidity Buffer and the requirements in relation to the cover register are met. The cover 
pool monitor must immediately inform the NBB and the issuing credit institution if the latter no 
longer satisfies such requirements. 
The appointment of the cover pool monitor will terminate upon the appointment of a cover pool 
administrator. 
1.2.7 
Cover pool administrator 
1.2.7.1 Appointment 
The Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations provide that, in certain circumstances of distress (as 
described in more detail in the paragraph below), the NBB may replace the management of the 
special estate by entrusting it to a cover pool administrator.  
The NBB may appoint a cover pool administrator (portefeuillebeheerder/gestionnaire de 
portefeuille) in the following circumstances:

--- Page 77 ---
77
 
(a) 
upon the adoption of a measure or sanction as referred to in Article 8, § 1, 1° of Annex 
III to the Belgian Banking Law against the issuing credit institution if such measure or 
sanction or the reason(s) why it is imposed may, in the opinion of the NBB, negatively 
affect (aantasten/affecter) the rights of the noteholders and/or third parties having a 
claim on the special estate; 
(b) 
in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated against the issuing credit institution 
or the issuing credit institution is being resolved; 
(c) 
upon the revocation of the Specific and/or General Authorisation of the issuing credit 
institution; and 
(d) 
in circumstances where the situation of the issuing credit institution is such that it may 
seriously affect (ernstig in gevaar kan brengen/mettre gravement en péril) the interest 
of the noteholders. 
To be appointed as cover pool administrator, the candidate will have to demonstrate that it has 
the necessary knowledge and experience, professional integrity and an appropriate organisation 
to carry out such tasks. Credit institutions established in the European Economic Area which 
are licensed to issue covered bonds with respect to similar assets or manage portfolios of 
mortgage loans or other assets which qualify as cover assets, are deemed to satisfy such criteria. 
Following its appointment, the cover pool administrator is legally entrusted with all powers that 
are necessary for the management of the special estate. Its remit is to ensure that the obligations 
towards the noteholders and the other creditors that are, or can be, identified on the basis of the 
issue conditions are complied with. 
1.2.7.2 Tasks and responsibilities 
As from its appointment, the cover pool administrator is responsible for the management of the 
Special Estate and by operation of law disposes of all powers necessary or useful for the 
performance of this management, including the power to carry out any act of disposal (daden 
van beschikking/actes de disposition), without any restriction. The purpose of the cover pool 
administrator’s management is to ensure that the commitments set out in the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Belgian covered bonds continue to be complied with. 
Vis-à-vis the issuing credit institution and third parties, the cover pool administrator is further 
responsible for: 
 
exercising, on behalf of the special estate, any rights in rem and rights in personam;  
 
ensuring compliance with the obligations of the special estate, with the same 
prerogatives as a true legal person; and 
 
as the case may be, deciding to extend the maturity of the Belgian covered bonds. 
The cover pool administrator cooperates and exhanges all necessary information with the NBB 
and, as the case may be, with the resolution authority or the bankruptcy administrator. 
Any acts relating to the special estate and undertaken after the appointment of the cover pool 
administrator by the issuing credit institution or on its behalf by persons other than the cover 
pool administrator are considered null and void, unless ratified by the cover pool administrator. 
1.2.7.3 Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree

--- Page 78 ---
78
 
The Cover Pool Administrator Royal Decree specifies the tasks of the cover pool administrator. 
These include, among other things, the payment of interest and principal on the covered bonds, 
collection of moneys from the cover assets (including any enforcement) for the account of the 
special estate, entering into derivative contracts and carrying out of certain administrative tasks.  
The cover pool administrator will also have to test compliance with the Cover Tests and inform 
the NBB and the noteholders’ representative of the outcome of such tests as well as of any stress 
tests. In case it sells any assets, it will have to ensure that this is done at the best possible market 
conditions. The consent of the NBB and the noteholders’ representative will be required for any 
transaction (including a sale of any cover assets) if as a result the Cover Tests, the Liquidity 
Buffer or contractual provisions would no longer be met or if there is a risk that these would no 
longer be met.  
The Royal Decree further specifies that the cover pool administrator will be required to consult 
with the noteholders’ representative in circumstances where, following an insolvency of the 
credit institution and with the consent of the NBB, it deems it necessary to liquidate the special 
estate and redeem the covered bonds because it is of the view that the cover assets are no longer 
sufficient to cover the obligations under the covered bonds. Such consultation with the 
noteholders’ representative will in particular be required if the Cover Tests and/or the Liquidity 
Buffer are no longer met. 
1.3 
Specific rules applicable to the Belgian covered bonds 
1.3.1 
Representation of the noteholders 
The issue conditions can (and are generally expected to) provide that the noteholders will be represented 
by a representative. The representative may be appointed by the issuing credit institution. Thereafter, a 
representative may be appointed by the general meeting of noteholders in accordance with the issue 
conditions. 
The representative may be dismissed by the noteholders at a general meeting, subject to appointing one 
or more (new) representatives by simple majority of votes, in replacement thereof. 
The representative may represent and bind the noteholders within the boundaries of the powers that are 
assigned to it (as may be specified in the relevant issue conditions or the appointment decision). The 
noteholders must be consulted on any decision relating to the liquidation of the special estate upon 
initiation of bankruptcy proceedings against the issuing credit institution (see below). 
The representative of the noteholders can also represent other creditors of the same special estate, 
provided that: 
(a) 
the relevant creditor agrees with such representation; and 
(b) 
the issue conditions of the relevant Belgian covered bonds contain appropriate rules to deal with 
potential conflicts of interest. 
The representative must perform its duties in the sole interest of the noteholders and, as the case may be, 
the interest of the other creditors that it represents. Furthermore, it must give account of its performance 
as may be required by the terms of the issue conditions or the appointment decision. 
1.3.2 
Limitation of the amount of Belgian covered bonds

--- Page 79 ---
79
 
The Supervisory Authority can require issuing credit institutions to limit the volume of their issue of 
covered bonds when such would be required to protect the issuing credit institution's creditors other than 
the noteholders. 
1.3.3 
Subscription of own Belgian covered bonds 
The issuing credit institution may subscribe to or invest in its own Belgian covered bonds. However, to 
the extent that these Belgian covered bonds are held by the issuing credit institution, such credit 
institution will not be able to exercise the rights set out in Articles 7:162 to 7:176 of the Belgian Code of 
Companies and Associations) (to the extent applicable) or similar rights set out in the articles of 
association of the issuing credit institution or in the issue conditions, unless otherwise provided in the 
issue conditions. 
1.3.4 
Conditions to issuance of Belgian covered bonds 
As set out in Section 1.1.2, an issuer can only issue Belgian covered bonds after having obtained a general 
license from the Supervisory Authority authorising it to issue covered bonds (the General Authorisation) 
as well as a specific license from the NBB in relation to the programme (or stand alone issue, as the case 
may be) (the Specific Authorisation). 
Subsequently, an issuer may be restricted from issuing further Belgian covered bonds in certain 
circumstances. In particular, this could be the case if the NBB or the Supervisory Authority (as the case 
may be on the NBB’s request) revoke one or more of the issuer’s authorisations (see Section 1.2.5.6) or 
if the Supervisory Authority imposes a certain limit on the aggregate amount of Belgian pandbrieven / 
European covered bonds (premium) that can be issued and the issuer would exceed such limit with a new 
issue (see Section 1.3.2). Moreover, if the issuer fails to meet the Liquidity Buffer and has not remedied 
such situation, it will be prevented from further issuing Belgian covered bonds as long the Liquidity 
Buffer is not met (see Section 1.2.5.4). 
1.4 
Status and protection of the noteholders 
1.4.1 
Dual recourse 
The holders of Belgian covered bonds benefit from (i) a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured (chirografair/chirographaire) claim on the general estate of the issuing credit institution; (ii) 
in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated against the issuing credit institution or the issuing credit 
institution is being resolved,  an exclusive right of recourse against the assets which constitute the special 
estate; and (iii) in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated against the issuing credit institution and 
the special estate is not sufficient to cover for their claims, an unsecured, unsubordinated recourse against 
the general estate of the issuing credit institution. The noteholders rank pari passu among themselves 
(together with any other creditor specified in the issue conditions) and have exclusive claims with respect 
to the assets that form the special estate. With respect to other assets (i.e., assets of the general estate) of 
the issuing credit institution, noteholders rank pari passu with unsecured and unsubordinated creditors 
of the issuing credit institution.  
In a going concern, the expectation is that all payments falling due under the Belgian covered bonds will 
be satisfied out of the general estate. Following the opening of a liquidation or resolution procedure in 
respect of the issuer, payments will be made by the special estate. 
1.4.2 
Opening of bankruptcy proceedings 
1.4.2.1 Protection of the special estate

--- Page 80 ---
80
 
If bankruptcy proceedings are opened against a credit institution that has issued Belgian covered 
bonds, such bankruptcy proceedings will be limited to the general estate of the credit institution. 
The special estate (including its debts, obligations and cover assets) will not fall within the 
bankrupt estate of the credit institution and will be treated separately. Moreover, the bankruptcy 
proceedings do not cause the obligations and debts of the special estate to become due and 
payable.  
In addition, creditors of the credit institution’s general estate cannot exercise any recourse 
against, nor attach any assets that fall within, the special estate. 
A special mechanism has been created to protect cash held by the issuing credit institution on 
behalf of the special estate. Pursuant to this mechanism, the rights of the special estate as 
regarding cash that cannot be identified in the general estate will be transferred to unencumbered 
assets of the general estate that will be selected by taking into account criteria specified in the 
issue conditions, after consultation between, on the one hand and as the case may be, the issuing 
credit institution, the resolution authority or the bankruptcy administrator and on the other hand, 
the cover pool monitor or cover pool administrator. These mechanics aim to reduce the 
commingling risk that would arise if the bank accounts of the special estate are held with the 
issuer of the covered bonds.  
The bankruptcy administrator has a legal obligation to cooperate with the Supervisory Authority 
and the cover pool administrator in order to enable them to manage the special estate in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations. In addition, Article 12/1 of Annex III 
to the Belgian Banking Law provides that when liquidation proceedings are initiated against an 
issuing credit institution or when an issuing credit institution is being resolved, the NBB, the 
cover pool administrator and, as the case may be, the resolution authority must cooperate and 
exchange all necessary information, inter alia to ensure that the rights and interests of the 
holders of Belgian covered bonds are respected, in particular by ensuring that the issue 
programme is managed continuously and in accordance with the applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements.  
The aim is for the Belgian covered bonds to remain outstanding until their stated maturity, 
notwithstanding a bankruptcy or resolution of the issuing credit institution or a subsequent 
transfer of the special estate to another institution. 
1.4.2.2 Liquidation of the special estate in specific circumstances 
Notwithstanding the above, the cover pool administrator may, in the case of bankruptcy 
proceedings and subject to consultation with the noteholders’ representative and approval of the 
NBB, transfer the special estate (assets and liabilities) and its management to an institution 
which will be entrusted with performing obligations to the noteholders in accordance with the 
issue conditions.  
In addition, the cover pool administrator may in certain circumstances proceed with the 
liquidation of the special estate and with the early repayment of the Belgian covered bonds. This 
is, however, only possible if, following the opening of bankruptcy proceedings against the 
issuing credit institution: 
(a) 
the cover pool administrator is of the opinion that the cover assets are not sufficient or 
are at risk of being not sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the Belgian covered 
bonds (subject to the approval by the NBB and consultation of the noteholders’ 
representative (which shall be required in case of breach of the Cover Tests or the 
Liquidity Buffer)); or

--- Page 81 ---
81
 
(b) 
a decision is taken to this effect by majority vote at a noteholders’ meeting at which at 
least two thirds of the outstanding principal amount of Belgian covered bonds is 
represented. 
In case the special estate is liquidated, the positive balance (if any) will automatically fall within 
the general estate. This means that cover assets that are part of the special estate only return to 
the general estate once all Belgian covered bonds have been repaid in full. However, on the 
initiation of bankruptcy proceedings against the issuing credit institution, the bankruptcy 
administrator is entitled, after consultation with the NBB, to require that assets which are with 
certainty no longer necessary as cover assets, be re-transferred to the general estate.  
1.4.3 
Transfer of the special estate 
The special estate could be transferred to a third party, either as a result of (i) the application of the 
resolution tools (afwikkelingsinstrumenten/instruments de résolution) taken in accordance with Book II, 
Title VIII of the Belgian Banking Law, or (ii) following the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings 
or recovery measures, if the cover pool administrator decides to transfer in accordance with Article 11, 5° 
of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law. The Belgian Banking Law provides that, in the case of such a 
transfer, the rights of the noteholders against the special estate will be maintained and will follow the 
special estate.  
1.4.4 
Investor protection and extendable maturity structures 
Extendable maturity structures (verlengbare-looptijdstructuren/structures d’échéance prorogeables) are 
mechanisms that offer the possibility to extend the fixed maturity of Belgian covered bonds for a 
predetermined period if a specific trigger event occurs. The Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations provide 
that extendable maturity structures are allowed only under the following conditions: 
(a) 
the maturity extension triggers are specified in the contractual terms and conditions of the 
Belgian covered bond; 
(b) 
the maturity can only be extended in the following events (the “triggers”):  
(i) 
the issuing credit institution has determined that it is unable to pay all amounts due on 
the maturity date of the relevant Belgian covered bonds (“failure to pay”); and/or  
(ii) 
liquidation proceedings are initiated against the issuing credit institution or the issuing 
credit institution is being resolved; 
(c) 
if liquidation or resolution proceedings are initiated against the issuing credit institution, only 
the cover pool administrator may decide to extend the maturity of the relevant Belgian covered 
bonds; and 
(d) 
the extended maturity date is included in the terms of issue and the extended maturity date may 
not be later than one year from the original maturity date. 
Any extension of the original maturity of covered bonds may not affect the noteholders’ dual right of 
recourse (see Section 1.4.1 above), their exclusive right of recourse against the special estate and the 
bankruptcy remoteness of their claim on the special estate (see Section 1.4.2 above), nor alter the 
sequencing of the programme’s original maturity schedule (looptijdenschema/ l'ordre de l'échéancier 
des émissions). 
In addition to the information mentioned above, the issue conditions must include a detailed description 
of:

--- Page 82 ---
82
 
(a) 
the conditions for implementation and the consequences of the maturity extension; 
(b) 
the consequences of liquidation or resolution proceedings opened in respect of the issuing credit 
institution for the maturity extension; and 
(c) 
the role of the cover pool administrator and the NBB in the maturity extension. 
1.4.5 
Investor information 
Each credit institution issuing covered bonds must publish inter alia the following information on its 
website, separately for each issue programme, within the month following the issue and, subsequently, 
every month thereafter: 
(a) 
the value of the special estate and of the relevant outstanding Belgian covered bonds and, as the 
case may be, their rating; 
(b) 
for each issue, a list of the International Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs) for all 
covered bond issues under that programme, the currency in which they are issued, their 
outstanding amount, their issue date, their maturity date, including the fixed expiry date in case 
of maturity extension, the characteristics of their coupon and its percentage; 
(c) 
the type of cover assets and the geographical distribution of the security interest securing their 
repayment, and if the cover assets are unsecured, the geographical distribution of the domiciles 
or registered offices of the debtors, the amount outstanding on the relevant receivables and the 
valuation method; 
(d) 
additional information pertaining to to market risk, including interest rate risk and currency risk, 
and credit and liquidity risks; 
(e) 
the maturity structure of cover assets and covered bonds, including an overview of the maturity 
extension triggers and the final maturity dates of the covered bonds, if applicable; 
(f) 
the level of required cover assets, including the level of the excess cover required by the Belgian 
Covered Bonds Regulations or the issue conditions, as well as the level of the voluntary excess 
cover; and 
(g) 
the percentage of receivables for which a default is considered to have occurred pursuant to 
Article 178 CRR, as well as the percentage of receivables that are 30 days (or more) past due 
but for which no default is considered to have occurred pursuant to Article 178 CRR.

--- Page 83 ---
83
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN 
Unless otherwise specified, the following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
save for the paragraphs in italics that shall not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. To the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Series 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven shall complete any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer may also issue from time to time Mortgage Pandbrieven under the Issuer’s Belgian Mortgage 
Pandbrieven Programme (the “Programme”) which shall be subject to terms and conditions and/or final terms 
not contemplated by the base prospectus adopted in relation to the Programme (the “Base Prospectus”). In such 
circumstances, the relevant terms or form of terms of such Mortgage Pandbrieven will be set out in a schedule to 
the Programme Agreement (as defined below). 
References in these terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) to “Mortgage Pandbrieven” are to the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of one Series (as defined below) only, not to all Mortgage Pandbrieven that may be issued 
under the Programme. All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them or refer to information specified in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are issued pursuant to the amended and restated programme agreement dated 4 
October 2024 (as amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, Stichting Argenta Mortgage Pandbrieven Noteholders’ Representative, as 
Noteholders’ Representative in its capacity as representative of the Noteholders and of any other creditors that are 
holders of claims covered by the Special Estate and that have agreed to be so represented (the “Noteholders’ 
Representative”) and any other party named therein. The powers and rights conferred on the Noteholders’ 
Representative are laid down in these Terms and Conditions, the rules of organisation of the Noteholders as set 
out in Schedule 1 to the Terms and Conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (the “Rules of Organisation of the 
Noteholders”) and in the contractual arrangements between the Noteholders’ Representative and the Issuer (the 
amended and restated noteholders’ representative agreement, dated 4 October 2024 (as amended, supplemented, 
replaced and/or restated from time to time, the “Noteholders’ Representative Agreement”)). Furthermore, the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will have the benefit of an amended and restated paying, calculation and listing agency 
agreement dated on or about 4 October 2024 (as amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time to 
time, the “Agency Agreement”) between, amongst others, Argenta Spaarbank NV/SA (“Argenta Spaarbank” 
or the “Issuer”), Belfius Bank SA/NV as paying agent (the “Paying Agent”), Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg SA as listing agent (the “Listing Agent”) and Belfius Bank SA/NV as calculation agent (the 
Calculation Agent). The expressions “Paying Agent” and “Listing Agent” shall include any successor or other 
paying or listing agent appointed from time to time pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement. The Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Listing Agent are together referred to as the “Agents” and each of them 
taken individually as an “Agent”. The Noteholders (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of and have 
accepted to be bound by all of the provisions of the Programme Agreement, the Noteholders’ Representative 
Agreement and the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
As used herein, “Tranche” means Mortgage Pandbrieven which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven together with any further 
Tranche or Tranches of Mortgage Pandbrieven which (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series 
and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) save as to the issue date, the issue 
price, the first interest payment thereon and/or the date from which interest starts to accrue. In these Terms and 
Conditions, “euro”, “EUR”, and “€” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Copies of the Programme Agreement, the Noteholders’ Representative Agreement and the Agency Agreement 
are available, during normal business hours on any Business Day, for inspection free of charge at the specified 
offices of the Paying Agent.

--- Page 84 ---
84
 
1. 
 Type, Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Type of Belgian pandbrieven 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are issued as Belgian pandbrieven (Belgische pandbrieven/lettres 
de gage belges) / European covered bonds (premium) (Europese gedekte obligatie 
(premium)/obligation garantie européenne (de qualité supérieure)), in accordance with the 
Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations and are covered by the same special estate (bijzonder 
vermogen/patrimoine spécial) (the “Special Estate”). The primary asset class of the Special 
Estate will consist of the Issuer’s residential mortgage loans within the meaning of the Belgian 
Covered Bonds Regulations (the “Residential Mortgage Loans”, and together with any other 
assets registered as cover assets (dekkingsactiva/actifs de couverture), the “Cover Assets”). The 
Issuer shall procure that the value of the Residential Mortgage Loans which are part of the 
Special Estate calculated in accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations (and 
including any collections in respect thereof) represents at all times at least 105 per cent. of the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series. The NBB 
has admitted the Programme to the list of authorised programmes for the issuance of covered 
bonds under the category Belgian pandbrieven (Belgische pandbrieven/lettres de gage belges) 
/ European covered bonds (premium) (Europese gedekte obligatie (premium)/obligation 
garantie européenne (de qualité supérieure)) on 19 January 2021. Upon so being notified by 
the Issuer, the NBB shall regularly update such list with the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under 
the Programme and shall indicate that the Mortgage Pandbrieven constitute Belgian 
pandbrieven / European covered bonds (premium) under the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Regulations.  
(b) 
Form and Denomination 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are issued in dematerialised form in the Specified Denomination set 
out in the relevant Final Terms, provided that the minimum Specified Denomination of each 
Mortgage Pandbrief shall be EUR 100,000. (and integral multiples thereof). 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended from time to time. 
Mortgage Pandbrieven are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des 
Sociétés et des Associations) and cannot be physically delivered. The Mortgage Pandbrieven 
will be represented exclusively via a book-entry system maintained in the records of the 
Securities Settlement System (as defined below) and will be credited to the accounts held with 
the Securities Settlement System by Clearstream Banking Frankfurt (“Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt”), Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear Bank”), Euroclear France S.A. (“Euroclear 
France”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Euronext Securities Milan”), Interbolsa, S.A. (“Euronext 
Securities Porto”), Iberclear-ARCO (“IBERCLEAR”), OeKB CSD GmbH (“OeKB”), SIX 
SIS AG (“SIX SIS”) any other national or international NBB investors central securities 
depositories (NBB investor (I)CSDs)9 or other Securities Settlement System participants for 
credit by Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, any other NBB 
investor (I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants to the securities accounts 
of their subscribers and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven through Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear France, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, any other 
 
9  
The official list of participants as amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to time can be consulted on the website of 
the NBB: https://www.nbb.be/doc/ti/csd_links_and_ssis.pdf. The information contained on the website of the National Bank of 
Belgium (www.nbb.be) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 85 ---
85
 
NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement participants. The Mortgage Pandbrieven 
are accepted for clearance through the Securities Settlement System, and are accordingly subject 
to the applicable Belgian clearing regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on 
transactions in certain securities, its implementing Belgian royal decrees of 26 May 1994 and 
14 June 1994 (each as amended or re-enacted or as their application is modified by other 
provisions from time to time) and the rules of the Securities Settlement System and its annexes, 
as issued or modified by the NBB (as defined below) from time to time (the laws, decrees and 
rules mentioned in this Condition being referred to herein as the “Securities Settlement System 
Regulations”). The Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be converted into bearer securities (effecten 
aan toonder/titres au porteur).  
In these Terms and Conditions, “Securities Settlement System” means the settlement system 
operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto. 
(c) 
Title and Transfer 
Transfers of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be effected only through records maintained by the 
Securities Settlement System, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear 
France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, 
any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other Securities Settlement System participants and in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of the Securities Settlement System, Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext 
Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other 
Securities Settlement System participants. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the Noteholder (as defined below) of any Mortgage Pandbrief 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not 
it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the Noteholder.  
Noteholders are entitled to exercise the rights they have, including voting rights, making 
requests, giving consents, and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of Article 
7:41 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) upon submission of an affidavit drawn 
up by the NBB, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, any other NBB 
investor (I)CSDs or any other participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised 
securities accounts showing such Noteholder’s position in the Mortgage Pandbrieven (or the 
position held by the financial institution through which such Noteholder’s Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are held with the NBB, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear 
France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS , 
any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up 
by that financial institution will also be required). 
In these Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, “Noteholder” and “holder” means 
in respect of a Mortgage Pandbrief, the person evidenced as holding the Mortgage Pandbrief by 
the book-entry system maintained in the records of the NBB, or any of the other relevant 
clearing systems or financial intermediaries as set out above. 
If, at any time, the Mortgage Pandbrieven are transferred to any other clearing system which is 
not exclusively operated by the NBB (such clearing system an “Alternative Clearing 
System”), these Terms and Conditions shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of such Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Resale Restriction Termination Date (as defined below), 
transfers by the holder of, or of a beneficial interest in, any Mortgage Pandbrieven to a transferee

--- Page 86 ---
86
 
in the United States or who is a U.S. person will only be made pursuant to the Securities Act or 
subject to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements 
thereof, in each case subject to receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer 
may reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in 
compliance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or any other 
jurisdiction.  
2. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may be Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, Floating Rate Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Each Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrief bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from 
and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
2(g). 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven 
(i) 
General. Each Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrief bears interest on its outstanding 
principal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in accordance with the provisions below relating to Screen Rate 
Determination, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 2(g). 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination. The Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided in Condition 2(f) and Condition 2(n) below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. For the purposes of the 
foregoing: 
(X) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (ii)(A) above 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or 
if sub-paragraph (ii)(B) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the Relevant 
Time, subject as provided below, the Issuer shall request, or shall procure a

--- Page 87 ---
87
 
third party to request the principal Eurozone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(Y) 
if paragraph (X) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to the Calculation Agent 
by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Eurozone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are, in the opinion of the Issuer, suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in 
the Eurozone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (or if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest applicable to such 
Mortgage Pandbrieven on the Interest Commencement Date) (though 
substituting, in any such case, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
related to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period).  
(iii) 
Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Rate of Interest. The determination 
of the Rate of Interest pursuant to this Condition 2(b) above shall be subject to the 
following: 
(A) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rate of Interest for 
the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of 
such Margin, subject to (B) and (C) below, as applicable. 
(B) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the lesser of (i) the rate determined in accordance

--- Page 88 ---
88
 
with Condition 2(b)(i) or 2(b)(ii), as applicable, and (ii) such Maximum Rate 
of Interest. 
(C) 
If any Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the greater of (i) the rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 2(b)(i)or 2(b)(ii), as applicable, and (ii) such Minimum Rate 
of Interest. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
Where a Mortgage Pandbrief the Interest Basis (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) of which 
is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, 
the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Zero Coupon Mortgage 
Pandbrief Redemption Amount (as further specified in Condition 3(b)). As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Mortgage Pandbrief shall be a rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(k), interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on each Mortgage 
Pandbrief (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Mortgage Pandbrief, that part only 
of such Mortgage Pandbrief) on the due date for redemption, unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused on the due date thereof or unless default is otherwise made in 
respect of payment, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after 
judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 2 to the Relevant 
Date. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, the “Relevant Date” in respect of any payment means 
whichever is the later of (x) the date on which such payment first becomes due, and (y), (if any 
amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which the full 
amount of such moneys outstanding is paid or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which 
notice is duly given to the Noteholders that such payment will be made. 
(e) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Terms and Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) except in the case of the Maturity Date, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, and (B) in the case of the 
Maturity Date, such date shall not be amended. 
In relation to Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Business Day Convention applicable shall 
always be the Following Business Day Convention.  
(f) 
Rounding

--- Page 89 ---
89
 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Terms and Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being 
rounded downwards), (ii) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves 
being rounded downwards) and (iii) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded downwards). For these 
purposes “unit” means, the lowest amount of the Specified Currency. 
(g) 
Calculations for Mortgage Pandbrieven  
The amount of interest payable on the Mortgage Pandbrieven of each Series for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of such Series, and the Day Count Fraction for 
such Interest Accrual Period. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the 
period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Computation of time 
Where these Conditions refer to any computation of a term or period of time, Article 1.7 of the 
Belgian Civil Code shall not apply to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions. 
(i) 
Linear interpolation 
Where “Linear interpolation” is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate, which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(h), “Designated Maturity” means the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(j) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, on each date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Redemption Amount, obtain such quote or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount to be notified to the Paying Agent, the Issuer, 
the Noteholders, the Noteholders’ Representative, any other Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of 
such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, 
or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest

--- Page 90 ---
90
 
Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 2(e), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Mortgage Pandbrieven become due and 
payable under Condition 17, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this Condition 2 but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest 
Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of 
each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(k) 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven up to the Extended Maturity Date  
(i) 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Pandbrieven is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 3(j) (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date 
to (but excluding) the earlier of (i) the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity 
Date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are redeemed in full, (ii) the Extended 
Maturity Date, or (iii) the date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are redeemed in 
full in accordance with Condition 3(j)(iii), subject to Condition 2(d) (Accrual of 
Interest). In that event, interest shall be payable on those Mortgage Pandbrieven at the 
rate determined in accordance with Condition 2(k)(ii) on the outstanding principal 
amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in arrears on the relevant interest payment date 
(i.e., on the Extension Payment Date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are redeemed 
in full, the Extended Maturity Date or the date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
redeemed in full in accordance with Condition 3(j)(iii), as applicable). The final 
Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date.  
(ii) 
If the maturity of the Mortgage Pandbrieven is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 3(j) (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), 
the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity 
Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date will be as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, where applicable, 
determined by the Paying Agent or, where the relevant Final Terms specifies a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, two Business Days after the 
Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.  
(iii) 
In the case of Mortgage Pandbrieven which are Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date, for the purposes of this Condition 2(k) the 
outstanding principal amount shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer 
on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount 
in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.  
(iv) 
This Condition 2(k) shall only apply to Mortgage Pandbrieven if the Issuer has 
insufficient funds available to redeem those Mortgage Pandbrieven in full within five 
Business Days after the Maturity Date, if the cover pool administrator decides to 
extend the Maturity Date of a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven in the event liquidation 
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Issuer is being resolved, or if on such 
Maturity Date, there is another Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding which was 
previously extended and which the Issuer fails to fully redeem on or prior to the 
Maturity Date, and the maturity of those Mortgage Pandbrieven is extended up to the

--- Page 91 ---
91
 
Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 3(j) (Extension of Maturity up 
to Extended Maturity Date). 
(l) 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Belgian Banking Law” means the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit 
institutions (Wet van 25 april 2014 op het statuut van en het toezicht op de 
kredietinstellingen/Loi du 25 avril 2014 relative au statut et au contrôle des établissements de 
crédit), as amended from time to time. 
Belgian Civil Code means the Belgian oud Burgerlijk Wetboek/ancien Code Civil of 21 March 
1804 and, with effect from its applicable effective date, the Belgian new Burgerlijk 
Wetboek/Code Civil introduced pursuant to the Wet van 13 april 2019 tot invoering van een 
Burgerlijk Wetboek en tot invoeging van boek 8 "Bewijs" in dat Wetboek/Loi de 13 avril 2019 
portant création d'un Code civil et y insérant un livre 8 « La preuve », as amended from time 
to time. 
“Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations” means the Belgian Banking Law and its executing 
royal decrees and regulations, as amended from time to time. 
“Business Day” means (a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) (A) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business in 
Belgium and in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Payment Business Day Jurisdiction in 
the relevant Final Terms, (B) on which the Securities Settlement System is operating and (C) 
(if a payment in euro is to be made on that day) which is a day on which the TARGET System 
is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”), and such other day as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or the Lead Manager on behalf of the relevant Dealers (as the 
case may be). 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount by reference to which a Redemption Amount is 
calculated and is as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Cover 
Pool 
Administrator” 
means 
a 
cover 
pool 
administrator 
(portefeuillebeheerder/gestionnaire de portefeuille) appointed to manage the Special Estate in 
any of the circumstances as described in Article 8 of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means a cover pool monitor (portefeuilesurveillant/surveillant de 
portefeuille) appointed in accordance with Article 16, §1 of Annex III to the Belgian Banking 
Law. 
“CSD” means a central securities depository as defined in Article 2, 1st paragraph, (1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 
on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories 
and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Mortgage Pandbrief for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to 
but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual 
Period, the “Calculation Period”):

--- Page 92 ---
92
 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
൫360 ×(Y2-Y1)൯+ ൫30 ×(M2-M1)൯+(D2-D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1, is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
൫360 ×(Y2-Y1)൯+ ൫30 ×(M2-M1)൯+(D2-D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 93 ---
93
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
൫360 ×(Y2-Y1)൯+ ൫30 ×(M2-M1)൯+(D2-D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(A) that day is the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 94 ---
94
 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is so specified, the relevant Interest Payment Date or the Interest Commencement Date 
(as applicable). 
“Designated Maturity” means the time period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements 
from time to time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing 
rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of 
each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be 
obtained from the designated distributor). 
“Eurozone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended from time to time. 
“Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven” means Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of which the 
“Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrief Provisions” in Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven” means Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of which the 
“Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrief Provisions” of Part A of the Final Terms are specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and which are specified as being Floating Rate 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable on the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of a Series for that Interest 
Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, shall mean 
the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 2(g); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable on the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven of a Series for that period, 
as calculated in accordance with Condition 2(g).

--- Page 95 ---
95
 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period. 
“Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as an Interest Payment Date(s) or Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are set out in the relevant Final Terms, each date which falls the number of months or other 
period set out in these Terms and Conditions or the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Issue Date” means the date of issuance of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
“Issuer” means Argenta Spaarbank NV/SA and shall, with respect to the management of the 
Special Estate following the appointment of a Cover Pool Administrator and where the context 
so requires, be deemed to be a reference to the Cover Pool Administrator. 
“Margin” means the percentage rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided 
that (A) the Margin may be specified either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods and (B) the Margin may be zero. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” means a percentage value specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” means a percentage value specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms which shall never be less than zero and, if not otherwise specified, shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
“NBB” means National Bank of Belgium (Nationale Bank van België/Banque Nationale de 
Belgique) and any other supervisory authority to which relevant powers may be transferred. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of any 
Mortgage Pandbrief specified, calculated or determined in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of this Condition 2 and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rating Agency” means any rating agency (or its successor) who, at the request of the Issuer, 
assigns, and for as long it assigns, one or more ratings to the Mortgage Pandbrieven under the 
Programme from time to time, which may include Fitch, Moody’s, S&P or any such other rating 
agency as shall be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 96 ---
96
 
“Redemption Amount” means (i) Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrief Redemption Amount, (ii) 
Final Redemption Amount, (iii) Redemption Amount (Call), (iv) Redemption Amount (Put); 
(v) Tax Event Redemption Amount, (vi) Change of Law Redemption Amount or (viii) Payment 
Default Redemption Amount, as applicable. 
“Reference Banks” means the principal Eurozone office of four major banks in the Eurozone 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of that service which displays the 
information). 
“Relevant Time” means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, at which it is customary to determine such rate, 
and for these purposes, the Relevant Time in the case of EURIBOR shall be 11:00 a.m. Brussels 
time. 
“Resale Restriction Termination Date” means the day falling 40 days after the completion of 
the distribution of all Mortgage Pandbrieven of the Tranche of which such Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are a part. 
“Reuters Screen” means, when used in connection with a designated page and any designated 
information, the display page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or 
such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying such 
information). 
“Specified Currency” means the Euro. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as T2) System or any successor or replacement for that system. 
“Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven” means Mortgage Pandbrieven which do not bear any 
interest, and in respect of which the “Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrief” provisions in Part A 
of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
(m) 
Calculation Agent 
For so long as any Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrief is outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement), the Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents appointed to act as calculation agent for such Mortgage Pandbrieven. Where more than 
one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, references in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Terms and Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount or the Redemption 
Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-
the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through any office actively involved

--- Page 97 ---
97
 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(n) 
Benchmark replacement 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If “Benchmark Replacement” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 2, if the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to advise the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 2(n)(ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 2(n)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 2(n)(iv)).  
In making such determination, the Issuer shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Issuer shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Paying Agent, the Noteholders’ Representative or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 2(n)(i). An 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 2(n) shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Noteholder’s' Representative or the Noteholders 
for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the 
Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 2(n). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser after having used its 
reasonable endeavours to do so; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 2(n)(i) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined 
in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 2(n)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 2(n)(iii)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven (subject to the operation of this Condition 2(n)); or

--- Page 98 ---
98
 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative 
Rate 
shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 2(n)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Mortgage Pandbrieven (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 2(n)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and (ii) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 2(n) and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions are necessary to follow market practice or to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”), and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 2(n)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders 
or the Noteholders’ Representative, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 2(n)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 2(n) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders’ 
Representative and, in accordance with Condition 8, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders’ 
Representative and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 2(n) (i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has 
been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and

--- Page 99 ---
99
 
any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 
2(n)(v). 
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 2(n): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(B) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines 
is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if 
the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(C) 
the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or (if the Issuer determines 
that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) 
(D) 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 2(n)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, 
or, if the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(n)(iv).  
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or

--- Page 100 ---
100
 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation 
(EU) No 2016/1011, if applicable); 
provided that in the case of (B), (D) and (E), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of the publication of the Original Reference Rate, the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of the use of the 
Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public 
statement.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 2(n)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank 
for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 101 ---
101
 
3. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part; purchased and cancelled as provided 
below or its maturity date is extended in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, 
each Mortgage Pandbrief shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount.  
(ii) 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, (A) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation 
Amount equal to the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the 
Calculation Amount, provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in 
any case, be less than 100 per cent., or (B) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per 
Calculation Amount. 
“Specified Fixed Percentage Rate” means the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided that if no such rate is specified, the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate shall be 100 per cent. 
(b) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven  
(i) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Zero Coupon Mortgage 
Pandbrief Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Mortgage 
Pandbrief prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated 
as provided below) of such Mortgage Pandbrief. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” 
of any such Mortgage Pandbrief shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Mortgage Pandbrief on the Maturity Date discounted back to the due date for 
payment at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as set out in the relevant Final Terms) applied on a compounded or non-
compounded basis as specified in the Final Terms (which, if none is specified in the 
Final Terms, shall be such rate (compounded annually) as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Mortgage Pandbrieven if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) (the “Amortised Face 
Amount”). 
(iii) 
If the Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrief Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
such Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrief upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 3(c) 
or 3(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 17 is not paid 
when due, the Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrief Redemption Amount due and payable 
in respect of such Mortgage Pandbrief shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such 
Mortgage Pandbrief as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the due date for payment 
were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on 
or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Mortgage Pandbrief on the Maturity Date 
together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 2(c).

--- Page 102 ---
102
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
If a “Noteholder Put” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the Noteholder and upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 calendar days’ notice (or such other notice period as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) to the Issuer (which notice shall be irrevocable), upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, 
subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms, all or, if so 
provided, some of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the principal amount of the Specified 
Denomination(s) or integral multiples thereof on the Optional Redemption Date (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms). 
Any such redemption of Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be at their Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (as set out in the 
notice to the Issuer). Any such redemption must relate to the Mortgage Pandbrieven of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Nominal Redemption Amount (if any) to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Nominal 
Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 3(c). 
For these purposes, “Redemption Amount (Put)” means (i) if “Specified Redemption 
Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the 
product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par 
Redemption” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal 
to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
To exercise such option that may be set out in the relevant Final Terms, the Noteholder must 
deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise notice (the 
“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained from the Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a copy 
to be sent to the Issuer at the address specified in the Final Terms within the notice period. The 
Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Mortgage Pandbrieven to be redeemed 
to the account of the Paying Agent, as specified in the Exercise Notice.  
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If “Call Option” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may on 
giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which shall not be 
less than seven days) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the 
principal amount of the Specified Denomination(s) or integral multiples thereof on the Optional 
Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Any such redemption of Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be at their Redemption Amount (Call) 
together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (as set out in the 
notice to the Noteholders). Any such redemption must relate to the Mortgage Pandbrieven of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Nominal Redemption Amount (if any) to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Nominal 
Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 103 ---
103
 
All Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 3(d). 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will be selected in accordance with the rules of the Securities Settlement System. 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer’s option in respect of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, the redemption may be effected by reducing the principal amount of all 
such Mortgage Pandbrieven in a Series in proportion to the aggregate principal amount 
redeemed. 
So long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are admitted to trading on a regulated market and the rules 
of, or applicable to, such regulated market require, the Issuer shall, each time that there has been 
a partial redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, cause to be published (i) as long as Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of that exchange so permit, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com), (ii) as long as such Mortgage Pandbrieven are admitted to trading 
on a regulated market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such stock 
exchange so permit, on the website of such stock exchange, or (iii) in a leading newspaper with 
general circulation in the city where the regulated market on which such Mortgage Pandbrieven 
are admitted to trading is located, which in the case of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, a notice specifying the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
For these purposes, “Redemption Amount (Call)” means (i) if “Specified Redemption 
Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the 
product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par 
Redemption” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal 
to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
(e) 
Redemption upon occurrence of a Tax Event 
The Issuer may, at its option (subject to giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 8 (with a copy to the Paying Agent), which 
notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all, but not some only, of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
outstanding on any Interest Payment Date, or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any 
time, at the Tax Event Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and unpaid, if any, 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (as set out in the notice to the Noteholders), if, 
at any time, a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, provided that no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which (i) the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay any additional amounts in the case of a Tax Gross-up Event, or (ii) a 
payment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven would cease to be deductible or the tax 
deductibility of such payment would reduce in the case of a Tax Deductibility Event, in each 
case, were a payment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven then due. Prior to the publication 
of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall obtain an opinion of an 
independent legal adviser of recognised standing to the effect that a Tax Event exists save that 
such opinion shall not address whether the relevant obligations can be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it.

--- Page 104 ---
104
 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
A “Tax Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if as a result of a Tax Law Change: 
(i) 
in making payments under the Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Issuer has or will on or 
before the next date on which payment is due under the Mortgage Pandbrieven become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 5 (and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it) 
(a “Tax Gross-up Event”); or 
(ii) 
if “Tax Deductibility Event” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, on 
or before the next date on which payment is due under the Mortgage Pandbrieven any 
payment of interest by the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven ceases (or 
will cease) to be tax deductible by the Issuer for the Tax Jurisdiction’s tax purposes or 
such deductibility is reduced (and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it) (a “Tax Deductibility Event”). 
“Tax Event Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the product of the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. 
per Calculation Amount, or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means Belgium or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and 
interest on the Mortgage Pandbrieven become generally subject. 
“Tax Law Change” means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Tax 
Jurisdiction, including any treaty to which the Tax Jurisdiction is a party, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation thereof, which change or amendment (i) (subject to (ii)) 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven, or 
(ii) in the case of a change in law, if such change is enacted on or after the Issue Date of the last 
Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
(f) 
Redemption for Illegality 
The Issuer may, at its option (subject to giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 8 (with a copy to the Paying Agent), which 
notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all, but not some only, of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
outstanding on any Interest Payment Date, or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any 
time, at their Change of Law Redemption Amount, if the Issuer notifies the Noteholders’ 
Representative immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next 
Interest Payment Date of any Mortgage Pandbrief of any Series or Tranche, become unlawful 
for the Issuer to (i) make any payments or (ii) comply with its obligations under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, or (iii) allow any Mortgage Pandbrieven to remain outstanding, as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulation or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become 
or will become effective before the next Interest Payment Date. Prior to the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent and 
the Noteholders’ Representative a certificate signed by a representative of the Issuer stating that

--- Page 105 ---
105
 
it is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
condition to the right of the Issuer to redeem for illegality has occurred. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Change of Law Redemption Amount” means (i) if 
“Specified Redemption Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per 
Calculation Amount being the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the 
Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be 
less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an 
amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount, or (iii) if 
“Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount calculated in 
accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
(g) 
Repurchases and purchases 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may repurchase and purchase Mortgage Pandbrieven in 
the open market or otherwise at any price.  
Unless otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms, Mortgage Pandbrieven so purchased by 
the Issuer may be held in accordance with Article 10, §1 of Annex III to the Belgian Banking 
Law or cancelled in accordance with Condition 3(i) below. 
(h) 
Subscription to own Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Issuer may subscribe to its own Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Mortgage Pandbrieven repurchased, purchased or subscribed by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or any of its subsidiaries may be, and all Mortgage Pandbrieven redeemed by the Issuer will be, 
cancelled. Any Mortgage Pandbrieven so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
(i) 
If (i) the Issuer has insufficient funds available to redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
of a Series at their Final Redemption Amount in full within five Business Days after 
their Maturity Date (“Failure to Pay”), or (ii) the Cover Pool Administrator decides 
to extend the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven in the event 
liquidation proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Issuer is being resolved, 
then: 
(A) 
save to the extent paragraph (D) below applies, the obligation of the Issuer to 
redeem such Series shall be automatically deferred to, and shall be due on the 
date falling one year after such Maturity Date which shall be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Extended Maturity Date”); 
(B) 
the Issuer, or as the case may be the Cover Pool Administrator on its behalf, 
shall give notice of the extension of the Maturity Date to the Extended 
Maturity Date to the Noteholders of such Series, the Noteholders’ 
Representative, the Rating Agencies and the Paying Agent as soon as 
reasonably practicable, it being understood that a failure to notify shall not 
affect such extension of the Maturity Date;

--- Page 106 ---
106
 
(C) 
the Issuer shall inform the NBB of the reasons for the extension of the 
Maturity Date within 15 Business Days of such extension, submit an action 
plan to the NBB setting out the measures the Issuer intends to take to ensure 
that all amounts owed shall be repaid on the Extended Maturity Date. If the 
extension of the Maturity Date is caused by a Failure to Pay, the Issuer shall 
demonstrate to the NBB that it has taken all reasonable efforts to prevent the 
extension of the Maturity Date from occurring; 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 3(j)(iii), if and to the extent that on any subsequent 
Interest Payment Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) falling prior to 
the Extended Maturity Date (each an “Extension Payment Date”), the Issuer 
has available funds, then the Issuer shall (a) give notice thereof to the 
Noteholders of such Series, the Noteholders’ Representative and the Paying 
Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least two Business 
Days prior to such Extension Payment Date and (b) apply such available 
funds to redeem the Mortgage Pandbrieven of such Series on such Extension 
Payment Date at their Final Redemption Amount; and 
(E) 
save as otherwise provided for in the relevant Final Terms, interest shall (a) 
accrue on the unpaid portion of such Final Redemption Amount from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extension Payment Date, 
the Extended Maturity Date or, as the case may be, the date the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of such Series are fully redeemed in accordance with Condition 
3(j)(iii) (b) be payable in arrears on each Extension Payment Date (in respect 
of the Interest Period then ended) or, if earlier, on the Extended Maturity Date 
or the date of any redemption pursuant to Condition 3(j)(iii) and (c) accrue at 
the rate provided for in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
An extension of one Series does not automatically trigger the extension of other Series. 
If the maturity date of any Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven has been extended in 
accordance with the relevant terms and conditions (the “Extended Mortgage 
Pandbrieven”), and the Maturity Date of another Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (the 
“Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven”) falls prior to the extended maturity date of the 
Extended Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Maturity Date of such Relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven shall also be extended in accordance with Condition 3(j)(i) above if on 
the Maturity Date of the Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven, the Extended Mortgage 
Pandbrieven have not yet been redeemed in full and all interest accrued in respect 
thereof has not been paid. Without prejudice to Condition 18 (Post-Acceleration 
Priority of Payments), the Issuer will only make a payment of principal pursuant to 
Condition 3(a) (Final Redemption) or pursuant to this Condition 3(j) (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) where the Extended Maturity Date of the 
Relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven falls after the extended maturity date of the Extended 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, after or simultaneously with the redemption in full of the 
Extended Mortgage Pandbrieven and payment of all interest accrued in respect thereof. 
‘Extended Mortgage Pandbrieven’ as referred to in this Condition 3(j)(ii) shall include 
any other Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven extended on the basis of provisions similar 
to this Condition 3(j)(ii) included in the relevant terms and conditions of such other 
Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with Article 13/1, §2 in fine of Annex 
III to the Banking Law. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding Condition 3(j)(i)(D), if a Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven is extended 
in accordance with Condition 3(j)(i) and any subsequent Extension Payment Date of 
such Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven falls after the maturity date of any other Series

--- Page 107 ---
107
 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven, payment may be made on another date than an Extension 
Payment Date, provided that notice thereof is given to the Noteholders of such Series, 
the Noteholders’ Representative and the Paying Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event at least two Business Days prior to the relevant payment 
date.  
(iv) 
In the case the Mortgage Pandbrieven to which an Extended Maturity Date applies are 
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrieven, the outstanding principal amount will for the 
purposes of this Condition 3(j) be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer but 
unpaid on the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven on the Maturity Date. 
(v) 
Any extension of the maturity of Mortgage Pandbrieven under this Condition 3(j) shall 
be irrevocable. Where this Condition 3(j) applies, failure by the Issuer to redeem in 
full the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven on the Maturity Date or on any subsequent 
Extension Payment Date (or the relevant later date in case of an applicable grace 
period) shall not constitute a Payment Default (as defined below). However, failure by 
the Issuer to redeem in full the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven on the Extended 
Maturity Date or in accordance with Condition 3(j)(iii) shall be a failure to pay which 
may constitute a Payment Default.  
(vi) 
Any payments which may be subject to an extension in accordance with this Condition 
3(j) shall not be deemed to constitute an outgoing payment flow (uitgaande 
betalingsstroom/flux de paiement sortant) for the purpose of Article 7, §1 of the Royal 
Decree of 11 October 2012 on the issuance of Belgian covered bonds by Belgian credit 
institutions. 
(vii) 
If the maturity date of any Mortgage Pandbrieven is extended up to the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 3(j), for so long as any of those 
Mortgage Pandbrieven remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, unless the proceeds of issuance of such further Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are applied by the Issuer upon issuance in redeeming in whole or in part 
the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with the terms hereof. 
4. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal and interest 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be made in 
accordance with the applicable rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System, 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs and 
any other Securities Settlement System participant holding interest in the relevant Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, and any payment made by the Issuer to the Securities Settlement System will 
constitute good discharge for the Issuer.  
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its 
agents) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 5. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments.

--- Page 108 ---
108
 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Agents initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agents and to appoint additional or other 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in a major European city, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and 
Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven may be listed.  
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Mortgage Pandbrief is not a business day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day, or as may be 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which: (a) banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of payment in Belgium and such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Payment 
Business Day Jurisdictions” in the relevant Final Terms; (b) the Securities Settlement System 
is open; and (c) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
5. 
Taxation  
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven shall be made without withholding or deduction for any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or other charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In that event, or if a clearing system or any participant in a clearing system withholds or deducts for, or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
after such withholding or deduction shall be not less than the respective amounts of principal and interest, 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any payment in respect of any Mortgage Pandbrief: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Mortgage Pandbrief by reason 
of his having some connection with any Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the 
Mortgage Pandbrief, or the receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of the 
Mortgage Pandbrief; or 
(b) 
Lawful avoidance of withholding: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who could 
lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or 
procuring that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or 
procuring that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Mortgage Pandbrief is presented 
for payment (if applicable);

--- Page 109 ---
109
 
(c) 
Non-Eligible Investors: to a Noteholder who, at the time of its acquisition of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, was not an Eligible Investor within the meaning of Article 4 of the Royal Decree 
of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax or to a Noteholder who was an Eligible 
Investor at the time of its acquisition of the Mortgage Pandbrieven but, for reasons within the 
Noteholder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible Investor or, at any relevant time on or after its 
acquisition of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, otherwise failed to meet any other condition for the 
exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 August 1993 relating to 
transactions with certain securities; or 
(d) 
Conversion into registered Mortgage Pandbrieven: to a Noteholder who is liable to such 
withholding or deduction because the Mortgage Pandbrieven were converted into registered 
Mortgage Pandbrieven upon his/her request and could no longer be cleared through the 
Securities Settlement System. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be paid 
net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”) (or any regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United 
States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding 
or deduction, a “FATCA withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay 
additional amounts in respect of, or otherwise to indemnify a Noteholder for, any FATCA withholding. 
As used in this Condition, “Eligible Investor” means those entities or persons (i) which are referred to 
in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax (as amended 
from time to time) and (ii) which rightfully hold the Mortgage Pandbrieven in an exempt account (X-
account) in the Securities Settlement System. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, all Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts 
and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 3 or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts 
payable pursuant to Condition 2 or any amendment or supplement to it, and (iii) “principal” and/or 
“interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition 
5. 
6. 
Status and ranking of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven are issued in accordance with and are subject to the provisions of the Belgian 
Covered Bonds Regulations. They will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu, without any preference among themselves, 
with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
Pursuant to the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations, the Noteholders, together with the holders of any 
other Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme and any Other Creditors as defined in 
Condition 
18, 
will 
have 
(i) 
a 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unsecured 
(chirografair/chirographaire) claim on the general estate of the Issuer; (ii) in the event liquidation 
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Issuer is being resolved, an exclusive recourse against 
the assets which constitute the Special Estate; and (iii) in the event liquidation proceedings are initiated 
against the Issuer and the Special Estate is not sufficient to cover for their claims, an unsecured, 
unsubordinated recourse against the general estate of the Issuer.

--- Page 110 ---
110
 
7. 
Specific provisions required by the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations 
(a) 
Criteria for transfer of assets from the general estate  
For the purpose of Article 3, §2, second indent of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law, the 
following criteria shall be applied in circumstances where amounts must be transferred to the 
Special Estate but cannot be identified within the general estate of the Issuer. In such 
circumstances, the general estate shall transfer to the Special Estate (in consultation between 
the Cover Pool Administrator or the Cover Pool Monitor (as applicable) and the Issuer, the 
Relevant Resolution Authority or the bankruptcy administrator of the Issuer (as applicable)), 
instead of the relevant amounts, unencumbered assets of the general estate of the Issuer that for 
determining the amount will be taken into account at their market value and after applying the 
Haircut (as defined below) in an equal amount determined in the following order of priority:  
(i) 
first, credit quality step 1 bonds that are ECB eligible and/or level 1 assets as described 
in the liquidity risk framework calculation of the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (as pursuant 
to the Capital Requirements Regulation);  
(ii) 
failing which, credit quality step 2 bonds that are ECB eligible and/or level 2 assets as 
described in the liquidity risk framework calculation of the Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(as pursuant to the Capital Requirements Regulation); 
(iii) 
failing which, bonds other than (i) or (ii) above that are eligible in repo transactions; 
(iv) 
failing which, bonds other than (i), (ii) or (iii) above; 
(v) 
failing which, public sector exposure other than (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv);  
(vi) 
failing which, Residential Mortgage Loans; and 
(vii) 
failing any of the above, such assets as may be selected on behalf of the Special Estate 
by the Cover Pool Monitor or Cover Pool Administrator (as applicable) in its sole 
discretion. 
“Haircut” means: 
(i) 
for unencumbered assets as defined in (i) and (ii) above, the ECB haircut in 
accordance with the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the ECB of 19 December 2014 on the 
implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy (as may be amended, 
supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time to time);  
(ii) 
for unencumbered assets as defined in (iii) and (iv) above, 20 per cent.; and 
(iii) 
for unencumbered assets as defined in (v) to (vii) above, 25 per cent. 
“CRD IV” means the Capital Requirements Directive and the Capital Requirements Regulation. 
“Capital Requirements Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013 on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended from time to time. 
“Capital Requirements Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 111 ---
111
 
(b) 
Use of collateral provided under derivative contracts 
Collateral provided under derivative contracts in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven or the 
Cover Assets can only be used for obligations in relation to the Special Estate and in accordance 
with the relevant hedging arrangement.  
(c) 
Allocation of proceeds from enforcement of security interest 
In circumstances where a security interest (including mortgages and mortgage mandates) 
secures claims of both the Special Estate and the general estate of the Issuer, proceeds from the 
enforcement of any such security interest shall be shared pro rata between the Special Estate 
and the general estate on a pari passu basis to the extent that the relevant claims of the general 
estate relate to Residential Mortgage Loans and such loans were granted to the relevant debtor 
prior to the date on which the loan(s) which benefit from the same security were registered with 
the Special Estate. To the extent that (i) the relevant claims of the general estate do not relate to 
Residential Mortgage Loans or (ii) relate to Residential Mortgage Loans but were granted after 
the date on which the loans which benefit from the same security were registered with the 
Special Estate, proceeds from the enforcement of any such security interest shall be applied in 
priority to satisfy the obligations due in respect of the loans registered with the Special Estate 
(and only upon satisfaction in full of the relevant claims of the Special Estate shall any of the 
proceeds be applied against the claims of the general estate which are also secured by such 
security interest).  
(d) 
Cover Pool Monitor 
The Cover Pool Monitor will fulfil the tasks as set out in the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Regulations and which is confirmed in an agreement between the Cover Pool Monitor and the 
Issuer. In addition, the Cover Pool Monitor and the Issuer have agreed that no Residential 
Mortgage Loans can be deregistered from the Special Estate without the prior approval from 
the Cover Pool Monitor in case such deregistration would lead to a decrease of the ratio between 
the value of the Cover Assets and the outstanding principal amount of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. No approval is required for deregistration of Residential Mortgage Loans with a 
value of zero nor for a substitution whereby the value of the Cover Assets does not decrease due 
to this substitution. 
8. 
Notices 
All notices to Noteholders shall be validly given if (i) delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB 
for communication by it to the participants of the Securities Settlement System, and (ii) in the case of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven held in a securities account, through a direct notification through the applicable 
clearing system. 
For so long as Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of that exchange so require, such notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
and regulations of any other stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are for the time being listed.

--- Page 112 ---
112
 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above or, in the case of 
direct notification, any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date immediately following 
the date of notification. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Noteholders’ Representative shall be at liberty to approve any other 
method of giving notice to Noteholders if, in its opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard 
to the then-prevailing market practice and rules of the competent authority, stock exchange, clearing 
system or, as the case may be, quotation system on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are then admitted 
to trading. 
9. 
Issuer Covenant 
For so long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, the Issuer hereby covenants in favour of the 
Noteholders and the Noteholders’ Representative to: 
(i) 
comply with all obligations imposed on it under the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations;  
(ii) 
ensure that the Special Estate will mainly consist of Residential Mortgage Loans;  
(iii) 
ensure that the Special Estate will not contain any commercial mortgage loans;  
(iv) 
ensure that the value of the Residential Mortgage Loans that are registered as Cover Assets in 
the Cover Register (and including any collections in respect thereto) (a) are calculated in 
accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations and (b) will at all times represent at 
least 105 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
of all Series (it being understood that any surplus above 105 per cent. may be composed of other 
eligible assets under the Programme);  
(v) 
ensure that only Residential Mortgage Loans with a current loan to current value ratio of 
maximum 120 per cent. will be added to the Special Estate;  
(vi) 
ensure that only fully drawn Residential Mortgage Loans will be added to the Special Estate; 
(vii) 
ensure that the Special Estate will at all times include liquid Cover Assets meeting the criteria 
set out in the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations and which (a) are eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy purposes and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem (b) 
have a credit quality step 1 as defined in the Capital Requirements Regulation, (c) are subject 
to a daily mark-to-market and have a market value which, after applying the ECB haircut in 
accordance with the Guideline of the ECB of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the 
Eurosystem monetary policy (as may be amended, supplemented, replaced and/or restated from 
time to time), is higher than the amount of interest due and payable on the outstanding Mortgage 
Pandbrieven within a period of six months, (d) have a remaining maturity of more than one 
year, and (e) are not debt issued by the Issuer, the Parent or any other entity of the Argenta 
Group; and 
(viii) 
provide regular investor reports with regard to, amongst others, the composition of the Special 
Estate which will be made available on the website of the Issuer at www.argenta.eu on a monthly 
basis. 
10. 
Noteholders’ Waiver 
The Noteholders waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law (i) all their rights whatsoever pursuant to 
Article 5.90 to 5.93 (inclusive) of the Belgian Civil Code to rescind (ontbinden/résoudre), or demand in

--- Page 113 ---
113
 
legal proceedings the rescission (ontbinding/résolution) of, the Mortgage Pandbrieven and (ii) all their 
rights whatsoever in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven pursuant to Article 7:64 of the Belgian Code of 
Companies and Associations (right to rescind (ontbinden/résoudre)). 
11. 
Non-contractual Liability 
Each Noteholder hereby agrees that, with respect to a breach of a contractual obligation under these 
Terms and Conditions where such breach of obligation also constitutes a non-contractual liability, the 
provisions of the new Article 6.3 of the Belgian Civil Code shall, to the maximum extent permitted by 
law, not apply and that it shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, not be entitled to make any 
non-contractual liability claim against the Issuer or any auxiliary (hulppersoon/auxiliaire) within the 
meaning of Article 6.3 of the Belgian Civil Code of (any affiliate of) the Issuer. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal and interest shall be prescribed and become void ten or five years, respectively, after 
the Relevant Date thereof, unless application to a court of law for such payment has been initiated on or 
before such respective time. 
13. 
Rules of Organisation of the Noteholders 
The Rules of Organisation of the Noteholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these Terms 
and Conditions. References in these Terms and Conditions to the Rules of Organisation of the 
Noteholders include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions contained 
therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto.  
Articles 7:162 to 7:174 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations relating to the noteholders’ 
meeting shall not apply to any issuance of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
14. 
Noteholders’ Representative 
As long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, there shall at all times be a representative of the 
Noteholders (the “Noteholders’ Representative”) in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the 
Belgian Banking Law and Article 7:63 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations, which has 
the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by these  Conditions, the Rules of Organisation of the 
Noteholders and the law in order to protect the interests of the Noteholders. The Noteholders’ 
Representative must give account of its performance in accordance with the Noteholders’ Representative 
Agreement. 
The Issuer has appointed Stichting Argenta Mortgage Pandbrieven Noteholders’ Representative as 
Noteholders’ Representative and the Noteholders’ Representative has accepted such appointment for the 
period commencing on the Issue Date and, subject to early termination of its appointment, ending on the 
date on which all Series of the Mortgage Pandbrieven have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance 
with these Conditions and on which all claims of the Other Creditors (to the extent represented by the 
Noteholders’ Representative) against the Special Estate have been settled. 
By reason of holding Mortgage Pandbrieven, each Noteholder: 
(i) 
recognises the Noteholders’ Representative as its representative and (to the fullest extent 
permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into from time to time by the 
Noteholders’ Representative in such capacity as if such Noteholder were a signatory thereto; 
and

--- Page 114 ---
114
 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Issuer shall not be liable, except in case of fraud, in respect 
of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Noteholders 
as a result of the performance by the Noteholders’ Representative of its duties or the exercise 
of any of its rights under these Conditions (including the Rules of Organisation of the 
Noteholders).  
The Noteholders’ Representative can also be appointed to represent Other Creditors provided that those 
Other Creditors agree with such representation. 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall have regard to the overall interests of the Noteholders and of the 
Other Creditors that have agreed to be represented by the Noteholders’ Representative. The 
Noteholders’Representative shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or such Other Creditors whatever their number. 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall, as regards the powers, authorities and discretions vested in it, 
except where expressly provided otherwise, have regard to the interests of both the Noteholders and the 
Other Creditors of the Issuer which it represents but if, in the opinion of the Noteholders’ Representative, 
there is a conflict between their interests the Noteholders’ Representative will have regard solely to the 
interest of the Noteholders. 
15. 
Meeting of Noteholders 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Rules of Organisation of the Noteholders contain provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders (the “Meeting Provisions”) to consider any matter affecting their interests. 
Meetings of Noteholders may be convened to consider matters relating to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, including the modification or waiver of any provision of the Terms and Conditions 
applicable to any relevant Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven. Any such modification or waiver 
may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
such modification or waiver shall always be subject to the consent of the Issuer. An 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the Meeting Provisions 
by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the Meeting Provisions. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders’ Representative (as the case may 
be). A meeting shall be convened by the Noteholders’ Representative (i) upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount 
outstanding of the relevant Series of the Mortgage Pandbrieven or (ii) in the case of a proposed 
liquidation of the Special Estate in accordance with Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex III to the 
Belgian Banking Law. A meeting of Noteholders will be entitled (subject to the consent of the 
Issuer) to modify or waive any provision of the Terms and Conditions applicable to any Series 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven (including any proposal (i) to modify the maturity of a Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven or the dates on which interest is payable in respect of a Series of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or interest on, a Series 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven, or (iii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at 
any meeting of Noteholders) in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements set out 
in the Meeting Provisions. Resolutions duly passed in accordance with these provisions shall be 
binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting and whether or not 
they vote in favour of such a resolution.

--- Page 115 ---
115
 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be made in accordance with the Meeting 
Provisions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, modifications to the Terms and Conditions to effect any Benchmark 
Amendments determined pursuant to Condition 2(n)(iv) may be made without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
Without prejudice to Condition 2(n), the Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the 
Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Written Resolutions 
A written resolution signed by the holders of 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven outstanding shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. A written 
resolution signed by the holders of 50 per cent. in principal amount of the relevant Series of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding shall take effect as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. To the 
extent permitted by the applicable law, a written resolution signed by the holders of 50 per cent. 
in principal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding as if they were a single Series 
shall take effect as if it were a Programme Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf 
of one or more Noteholders. 
16. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions shall be made in accordance with the Rules of Organisation 
of the Noteholders, and in particular in accordance with Articles 1 and 4 of Title II thereof and Article 5 
of Title III thereof. 
17. 
Payment Default and Cross-Acceleration 
Failure by the Issuer to pay (i) any principal amount in respect of any Mortgage Pandbrief on the 
Extended Maturity Date or pursuant to Condition 3(j)(iii), or (ii) any interest in respect of any Mortgage 
Pandbrief within five (5) Business Days from the day on which such interest becomes due and payable, 
shall constitute a payment default (“Payment Default”) if such failure remains unremedied for ten (10) 
Business Days after the Noteholders’ Representative has given written notice thereof to the Issuer by 
registered mail or per courier and with return receipt (“Payment Notice”). In case of failure by the 
Noteholders’ Representative to deliver such Payment Notice, any Noteholder may deliver such Payment 
Notice to the Issuer (with a copy to the Noteholders’ Representative). The date on which a Payment 
Default occurs shall be the date on which the Noteholders’ Representative or any Noteholder has given 
notice of such Payment Default plus ten (10) Business Days (the “Payment Default Date”). 
Without prejudice to the powers granted to the Cover Pool Administrator, if a Payment Default occurs 
in relation to a particular Series, the Noteholders’ Representative may, and shall if so requested in writing 
by the Noteholders of at least 662/3 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Series of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven then outstanding (excluding any Mortgage Pandbrieven which may be held 
by the Issuer), serve a notice on the Issuer (“Acceleration Notice”) by registered mail or per courier and 
with return receipt that a Payment Default has occurred in relation to such Series, provided in each case 
it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 116 ---
116
 
The Acceleration Notice will specify the date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven become immediately 
due and payable (the “Acceleration Date”), which will be at least two Business Days after the Payment 
Default Date. A copy of the Acceleration Notice shall be sent to the Securities Settlement System, the 
Noteholders, the Rating Agencies and the Cover Pool Monitor.  
From and including the Acceleration Date:  
(i) 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven shall become immediately due and payable at their Payment Default 
Redemption Amount;  
(ii) 
if a Payment Default is triggered with respect to a Series, each Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
will cross accelerate at the Acceleration Date against the Issuer, becoming due and payable, and 
they will rank pari passu among themselves; 
(iii) 
the Noteholders’ Representative on behalf of the Noteholders, shall have a claim against the 
Issuer for an amount equal to the Payment Default Redemption Amount and any other amount 
due under the Mortgage Pandbrieven; and  
(iv) 
the Noteholders’ Representative on behalf of the Noteholders shall be entitled to take any steps 
and proceedings against the Issuer to enforce the provisions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. The 
Noteholders’ Representative may, at its discretion and without further notice, take such steps 
and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce such payments, 
but it shall, subject to be indemnified and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, not be bound to take 
any such proceedings or steps, unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Payment Default Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified 
Redemption Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being 
the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per 
Calculation Amount, or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an 
amount calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above. 
Accordingly and for the avoidance of doubt, if an acceleration date occurs under any of the outstanding 
Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven (as such term is defined under the Series under which such acceleration 
date occurs), the Mortgage Pandbrieven shall cross accelerate on such acceleration date in accordance 
with item (ii) above (as set out in the conditions applicable to such Series) and shall become immediately 
due and payable. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 17 by the Noteholders’ Representative 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Noteholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders or the Issuer shall attach 
to the Noteholders’ Representative in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions hereunder. 
18. 
Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
All monies (other than amounts standing to the credit of a swap collateral account which will be applied 
in accordance with the provisions of the relevant derivative contract) received or recovered by the Special 
Estate (whether in the administration, the liquidation of the Special Estate or otherwise) following (i) the 
service of an Acceleration Notice or (ii) a liquidation of the Special Estate in accordance with Article 11, 
6° or 7° of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law, will be applied in the following order of priority (the

--- Page 117 ---
117
 
“Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments”), in each case only if and to the extent that payments or 
provisions of a higher priority have been made: 
(i) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due and payable, including any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses, to the Cover Pool Administrator (including any of its representatives 
and delegates); 
(ii) 
second, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due and payable, including any costs, charges, 
liabilities and expenses, to the Noteholders’ Representative; 
(iii) 
third, on a pari passu and pro rata basis, in or towards satisfaction of any Expenses which are 
due and payable to the Operating Creditors; 
(iv) 
fourth, on a pari passu and pro rata basis, in or towards satisfaction of (i) any Pari Passu Swap 
Amounts and (ii) any payments of amounts due and payable to Noteholders pro rata and pari 
passu on each Series in accordance with these Terms and Conditions; 
(v) 
fifth, on a pari passu and pro rata basis, in or towards satisfaction of any Junior Swap Amounts; 
(vi) 
sixth, thereafter any remaining monies will be paid to the general estate of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18, capitalised terms shall have the following meaning: 
“Expenses” means any costs, charges, liabilities, expenses or other amounts payable by the Issuer or by 
the Special Estate, as applicable, to any Operating Creditor plus any value added tax or any other tax or 
duty payable thereon. 
“Derivative Contract Counterparty” means a counterparty under a derivative contract entered into by 
the Issuer in relation to the Special Estate. 
 “Junior Swap Amount” means any swap termination amount whereby the Derivative Contract 
Counterparty is the defaulting party or any such other amount, including any costs, charges, liabilities 
and expenses, due and payable to a Derivative Contract Counterparty (in accordance with the relevant 
derivative contract) and which under the relevant derivative contract are expressed to rank junior to 
interest and principal due to Noteholders and any other party ranking senior in accordance with the Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
 “Operating Creditor” means any of (1) the Paying Agent, (2) the Cover Pool Monitor, (3) the Servicer, 
(4) any account bank holding assets on behalf of the Special Estate, (5) any stock exchange on which the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven are listed, (6) the Issuer's statutory auditor(s), legal counsel and tax advisers for 
services provided for the benefit of the Special Estate, (7) the Rating Agencies in relation to any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme, (8) any independent accountant or independent calculation 
agent for services provided for the benefit of the Special Estate, (9) any custodian in relation to the 
Programme, (10) any agent or party appointed in accordance with the Programme Documents or any 
other creditor of amounts due in connection with the management and administration of the Special 
Estate, (11) any Independent Adviser and (12) any other creditor which may have a claim against the 
Special Estate as a result of any services provided or contracts entered into in relation to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or the Programme, as may from time to time be specified in the Terms and Conditions of 
any Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme. 
“Other Creditor” means the Noteholders’ Representative, any Operating Creditor, any Derivative 
Contract Counterparty and the Cover Pool Administrator.

--- Page 118 ---
118
 
“Pari Passu Swap Amount” means each amount, including any costs, charges, liabilities and expenses, 
due and payable to a Derivative Contract Counterparty and which under the relevant derivative contract 
are expressed to rank pari passu with interest or principal (as applicable) due to Noteholders. 
“Servicer” means, in relation to the Residential Mortgage Loans, Argenta Spaarbank NV/SA, or such 
other servicer as may be appointed from time to time. 
19. 
Action by Noteholders’ Representative 
Only the Noteholders’ Representative may enforce the rights of the Noteholders under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven and/or the Programme Documents against the Issuer (or Special Estate, as applicable). 
Unless explicitly provided otherwise in the Conditions, no person shall be entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer to enforce the performance of any provision of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and/or the 
Programme Documents. 
However, if the Noteholders’ Representative does not react or does not take any action within ten (10) 
calendar days of being so directed by the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions and the Rules 
of Organisation of the Noteholders, then the Noteholders shall have individual rights to enforce the 
performance of any provision of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and/or the Programme Documents. Such 
rights remain however subject to the required quorums, where applicable. 
20. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further 
Mortgage Pandbrieven having the same terms and conditions as the Mortgage Pandbrieven in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the date for and amount of the first payment of interest) so that, for the 
avoidance of doubt, references in these Terms and Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be (unless otherwise 
specified) to the first issue date of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with such Mortgage Pandbrieven, and references in these Terms and Conditions 
to “Mortgage Pandbrieven” shall be construed accordingly. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Brussels, Belgium are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Mortgage Pandbrieven including any legal action or proceedings relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising therefrom and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with any Mortgage Pandbrieven including any disputes relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of Brussels, Belgium and waives any objection to 
Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue. These submissions are made for the benefit of each 
of the Noteholders and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 119 ---
119
 
SCHEDULE 1 
RULES OF ORGANISATION OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Interpretation 
1. 
In these Rules (as defined below): 
1.1 
references to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (except in case of a meeting to pass a Programme Resolution, in which case the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series are taken together as a single Series) and include, unless the 
context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.2 
references to “Mortgage Pandbrieven” and “Noteholders” are only to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of the Series and in respect of which a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to 
the holders of those Mortgage Pandbrieven, respectively; 
1.3 
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder; 
1.4 
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 9; 
1.5 
“Common Terms” means the terms and conditions which are common to all Mortgage 
Pandbrieven issued under the Programme as set out in the Programme Agreement; 
1.6 
“Conditions” means the terms and conditions and the Final Terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
of the relevant Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer; 
1.7 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 33.1; 
1.8 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with these Rules by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the 
votes cast, (b) by a Written Resolution or (c) by an Electronic Consent; 
1.9 
“Issuer” means Argenta Spaarbank NV/SA and shall, with respect to the management of the 
Special Estate following the appointment of a Cover Pool Administrator and where the context 
so requires, be deemed to be a reference to the Cover Pool Administrator.  
1.10 
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in paragraph 
2 and passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at least 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
1.11 
 “Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the 
Noteholders’ Representative Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Distribution Agreement, 
the Clearing Services Agreement and any other agreement or document entered into from time 
to time under or in connection with the Programme (as the same may be amended, 
supplemented, replaced and/or restated from time to time) and designated as a programme 
document; 
1.12 
“Programme Resolution” means any resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with these Rules and with respect to matters listed in paragraph 4;

--- Page 120 ---
120
 
1.13 
“Recognised Accountholder” means an entity recognised as account holder in accordance with 
Article 7:35 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations; 
1.14 
“Resolution” means an Ordinary Resolution, an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme 
Resolution; 
1.15 
“Rules” or “Rules of Organisation of the Noteholders” means these rules governing the 
Organisation of the Noteholders; 
1.16 
“Securities Settlement System” means the securities settlement system operated by the NBB 
or any successor thereto; 
1.17 
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 7; 
1.18 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 
75 per cent. in principal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding; and 
1.19 
references to persons representing a proportion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are to Noteholders, 
proxies or representatives of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least 
that proportion in nominal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven for the time being outstanding. 
General 
2. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in these Rules. The 
Rules of Organisation of the Noteholders in respect of each Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under 
the Programme by Argenta Spaarbank NV/SA apply concurrently with the issuance and subscription of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven and each such Series is governed by these Rules of Organisation of the 
Noteholders. Articles 7:162 to 7:174 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations shall not apply. 
3. 
Where any of the provisions of these Rules would be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that will not affect 
the legality, validity and enforceability of the other provisions of Rules.

--- Page 121 ---
121
 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
Powers of meetings 
1. 
A meeting shall, subject to the Terms and Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 1.5) only 
with the consent of the Issuer and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by these 
Rules, have power by Extraordinary Resolution: 
1.1 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise 
of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders or the Noteholders’ Representative 
against the Issuer (other than in accordance with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law); 
1.2 
to assent to any modification of the Conditions, the Mortgage Pandbrieven or these Rules 
proposed by the Issuer or the Paying Agent; 
1.3 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
1.4 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
1.5 
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers (or discretions which the 
Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution); 
1.6 
to approve the exchange or substitution of the Mortgage Pandbrieven into shares, bonds or other 
obligations or securities of the Issuer, in circumstances not provided for in the Terms and 
Conditions or in applicable law; and 
1.7 
to discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Noteholders’ 
Representative from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the Noteholders’ 
Representative has or may become liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the Terms and 
Conditions or any Programme Document. 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 18 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 1.6 or for the purpose of making a 
modification to the Terms and Conditions, the Mortgage Pandbrieven or these Rules which would have 
the effect of (other than in accordance with the Terms and Conditions or pursuant to applicable law): 
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Mortgage Pandbrieven or date for payment 
of interest or interest amounts (without prejudice to any extension of the Maturity Date pursuant 
to Condition 3(j));  
(ii) 
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate or a 
modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest; 
(iii) 
to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven or a modification 
of the conditions under which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made; 
(iv) 
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or the date for any such payment in circumstances not provided for in the terms 
and conditions of the Mortgage Pandbrieven; 
(v) 
to change the currency of payment of the Mortgage Pandbrieven;

--- Page 122 ---
122
 
(vi) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;  
(vii) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations in respect 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven or to waive the occurrence of a Payment Default;  
(viii) 
to change the quorum required at any meeting of the Noteholders or the majority required to 
pass any Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution; or 
(ix) 
to amend this proviso. 
Ordinary Resolution 
2. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by these Rules, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary Resolution: 
2.1 
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the 
Noteholders;  
2.2 
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; or 
2.3 
to assent to any other decisions which do not require an Extraordinary Resolution or a 
Programme Resolution to be passed. 
3. 
No amendment to the Conditions, the Mortgage Pandbrieven or these Rules which in the opinion of the 
Issuer relates to any of the matters listed in paragraph 2 above shall be effective unless approved at a 
meeting of Noteholders complying in all respects with the requirements of Belgian law, the provisions 
set out in these Rules and the articles of association of the Issuer. 
Programme Resolution 
4. 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other 
persons by the Rules or the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations, have power by Programme Resolution: 
4.1 
to remove or replace (i) the Noteholders’ Representative or (ii) the managing director of the 
Noteholders’ Representative pursuant to Article 1 of Title III of the Rules of Organisation of 
the Noteholders;  
4.2 
with the consent of the Issuer, to amend the Common Terms;  
4.3 
to evaluate the Cover Pool Administrator’s proposal or decision to liquidate the Special Estate 
and the early repayment of the Mortgage Pandbrieven in accordance with Article 11, 6° of 
Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law; and 
4.4 
to proceed with the liquidation of the Special Estate and the early repayment of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in accordance with Article 11, 7° of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law. 
Convening a meeting 
5. 
The Issuer (or, following its appointment, the Cover Pool Administrator) or the Noteholders’ 
Representative may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer, or upon 
its appointment the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, or the Noteholders’ Representative (i) upon 
the request in writing of Noteholders holding at least 20 per cent. in principal amount of the (relevant 
Series of) Mortgage Pandbrieven for the time being outstanding or (ii) in the case of a proposed

--- Page 123 ---
123
 
liquidation of the Special Estate in accordance with Article 11, 6° or 7 of Annex III to the Belgian 
Banking Law. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Issuer, or upon its 
appointment the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, or the Noteholders’ Representative, it being 
understood that meetings can be held by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform. 
The Issuer, or upon its appointment the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, or the Noteholders’ 
Representative can convene a single meeting of Noteholders of more than one Series if in their opinion 
the subject matter of the meeting is relevant to the Noteholders of each of those Series. 
6. 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting, with a copy to the Issuer or 
the Cover Pool Administrator and the Noteholders’ Representative, as the case may be. The notice shall 
specify the day, time and place of the meeting (or, if relevant, the applicable dial-in details when the 
meeting will be held by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) and the nature 
of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how Noteholders may appoint proxies or 
representatives obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting Instructions and the details of the time 
limits applicable. 
Arrangements for voting 
7. 
No votes shall be validly cast, unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction. 
Articles 7:162 to 7:174 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations shall not apply. 
8. 
A Voting Certificate shall: 
8.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
8.2 
state that on the date thereof (i) the Mortgage Pandbrieven (not being Mortgage Pandbrieven in 
respect of which a Block Voting Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of 
the meeting specified in such Voting Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified 
principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System) held to its order or under its control (if and only to the extent 
permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) and blocked by it, 
and (ii) that no such Mortgage Pandbrieven will cease to be so held and blocked until the first 
to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System who issued the same; and 
8.3 
further state that until the release of the Mortgage Pandbrieven represented thereby the bearer 
of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting 
in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven represented by such certificate. 
9. 
A Block Voting Instruction shall: 
9.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System; 
9.2 
certify that the Mortgage Pandbrieven (not being Mortgage Pandbrieven in respect of which a 
Voting Certificate has been issued and is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such 
Block Voting Instruction and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount 
outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System) held to its order or under its control and blocked by it and that no such

--- Page 124 ---
124
 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will cease to be so held and (if and only to the extent permitted by the 
rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement 
System to the Issuer, stating that certain of such Mortgage Pandbrieven cease to be 
held with it or under its control and blocked and setting out the necessary amendment 
to the Block Voting Instruction; 
9.3 
certify that each holder of such Mortgage Pandbrieven has instructed such Recognised 
Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or 
Mortgage Pandbrieven so held and (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules and 
procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked should be cast in a particular way in 
relation to the resolution or resolutions which will be put to such meeting or any such adjourned 
meeting and that all such instructions cannot be revoked or amended during the period 
commencing three (3) Business Days prior to the time for which such meeting or any such 
adjourned meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment thereof; 
9.4 
state the principal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven so held and (if and only to the extent 
permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked, 
distinguishing with regard to each resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions 
have been given as aforesaid that the votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the 
resolution, (ii) those in respect of which instructions have been so given that the votes 
attributable thereto should be cast against the resolution and (iii) those in respect of which 
instructions have been so given to abstain from voting; and 
9.5 
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and 
instructed to cast the votes attributable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven so listed in accordance 
with the instructions referred to in 9.4 above as set out in such document. 
10. 
If a holder of Mortgage Pandbrieven wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting 
Instruction for a meeting, he must (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the 
Securities Settlement System) block such Mortgage Pandbrieven for that purpose at least three (3) 
Business Days before the time fixed for the meeting to the order of the Paying Agent with a bank or other 
depositary nominated by the Paying Agent for the purpose. The Paying Agent or such bank or other 
depositary shall then issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect of the votes attributable to all Mortgage 
Pandbrieven so blocked. 
11. 
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction. 
12. 
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not need to 
be a Noteholder. 
13. 
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in 
respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven held to the order or under the control and (if and only to the extent 
permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked by a Recognised 
Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System and which have been deposited at the registered office 
at the Issuer not less than three (3) and not more than six (6) Business Days before the time for which 
the meeting to which the relevant voting instructions and Block Voting Instructions relate, has been 
convened or called. The Voting Certificate and Block Voting Instructions shall be valid for as long as 
the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven continue to be so held and blocked. During the validity thereof, the

--- Page 125 ---
125
 
holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as the case may be) the proxies named in any such Block Voting 
Instruction shall, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting, be deemed to be the holder of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
14. 
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds 
to business. 
Chairman 
15. 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer, or upon its appointment the Cover Pool 
Administrator, as applicable, or the Noteholders’ Representative may nominate in writing, but if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for 
the meeting the Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing 
which the Issuer, or upon its appointment the Cover Pool Administrator, as applicable, or the 
Noteholders’ Representative may appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Noteholder or agent. 
The chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairman of the original 
meeting. 
Attendance 
16. 
The following persons shall be entitled to attend and speak at a meeting: 
16.1 
Noteholders and their agents;  
16.2 
the Dealers and their advisers. 
16.3 
the chairman and the secretary of the meeting; and 
16.4 
the Issuer, the Noteholders’ Representative and the Paying Agent (through their respective 
representatives) and their respective financial and legal advisers. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
17. 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at 
the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed 
for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it 
shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and place as the 
chairman may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so 
adjourned, the meeting shall be dissolved. 
18. 
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum: 
18.1 
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven which they represent; and 
18.2 
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Mortgage Pandbrieven shown by 
the table below. 
Purpose of meeting 
Any meeting except for a 
meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want 
of a quorum 
Meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want 
of a quorum

--- Page 126 ---
126
 
Required proportion
Required proportion
To pass a special quorum 
resolution
75 per cent.
25 per cent.
To pass any Extraordinary 
Resolution
A clear majority
No minimum proportion
To 
pass 
a 
Programme 
Resolution concerning matters 
referred to in paragraph 4.4
Two thirds
Two thirds
To pass any other Programme 
Resolution
A clearly majority
No minimum proportion
To pass an Ordinary Resolution
A clear majority
No minimum proportion
19. 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or paragraph 17. 
20. 
At least ten days’ notice of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given in 
the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the 
adjourned meeting. Except in case of a meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme 
Resolution, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned general meeting. 
Voting 
21. 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
persons representing 2 per cent. of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
22. 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed 
shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in 
favour of or against it. 
23. 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or 
after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution 
of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been 
demanded. 
24. 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
25. 
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each Mortgage Pandbrief so 
produced or represented by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them 
all or cast them all in the same way. 
26. 
In case of equality of votes the chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote 
in addition to any other votes which he may have.

--- Page 127 ---
127
 
27. 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be validly passed by a voting majority of at least 662/3per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven for which votes have 
been cast. An Ordinary Resolution shall be validly passed by a simple majority of at least 50 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven for which votes have 
been cast plus one vote. A Programme Resolution shall be validly passed by a simple majority of at least 
50 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Mortgage Pandbrieven for which votes 
have been cast plus one vote, with the Mortgage Pandbrieven of all Series taken together as a single 
Series.  
28. 
In case Mortgage Pandbrieven are held by the Issuer, the Issuer shall not have any voting rights with 
respect to such Mortgage Pandbrieven.  
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution 
29. 
A Resolution shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not present at the meeting, and each of 
them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing of such a resolution shall be conclusive 
evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The Issuer shall give notice of the passing of an 
Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution to Noteholders with a copy to the Issuer, the Cover 
Pool Administrator (as the case may be) and the Noteholders’ Representative within fourteen days but 
failure to do so shall not invalidate the resolution. 
30. 
Notice of the result of a voting on a Programme Resolution shall also be given to the Rating Agencies to 
the extent any rated Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, unless otherwise agreed upon between the 
Issuer and the relevant Rating Agency. 
Minutes 
31. 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved every meeting for which minutes have been so made and 
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
32. 
The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen (15) days after they have been 
passed. 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
33. 
For so long as the Mortgage Pandbrieven are in dematerialised form and settled through the Securities 
Settlement System, then in respect of any matters proposed by the Issuer: 
33.1 
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders 
through the relevant clearing system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs 33.1.1 and/or 33.1.2 
below, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the 
relevant clearing system(s) to the Paying Agent or another specified agent in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding (the “Required Proportion”) by 
close of business on the Relevant Date (“Electronic Consent”). Any resolution passed in such 
manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves 
to be defective. The Issuer shall not be liable or responsible to anyone for such reliance. 
33.1.1 
When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been made, 
at least fifteen days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of

--- Page 128 ---
128
 
the day on which affirmative consents will be counted) shall be given to the 
Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). The notice shall specify, in 
sufficient detail to enable Noteholders to give their consents in relation to the proposed 
resolution, the method by which their consents may be given (including, where 
applicable, blocking of their accounts in the relevant clearing system(s)) and the time 
and date (the “Relevant Date”) by which they must be received in order for such 
consents to be validly given, in each case subject to and in accordance with the 
operating rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system(s). 
33.1.2 
If, on the Relevant Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are 
first counted, such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the resolution 
shall be deemed to be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in writing to the 
Paying Agent. Alternatively, the Issuer may give a further notice to Noteholders that 
the resolution will be proposed again on such date and for such period as determined 
by the Issuer. Such notice must inform Noteholders that insufficient consents were 
received in relation to the original resolution and the information specified in sub-
paragraph 33.1 above. For the purpose of such further notice, references to “Relevant 
Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution 
proposed by the Issuer which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened 
in accordance with paragraph 6 above, unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled or dissolved. 
33.2 
To the extent Electronic Consent is not being sought in accordance with paragraph 33.1, a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Mortgage Pandbrieven outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective 
as a Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, provided that the 
terms of the proposed resolution have been notified in advance to the Noteholders through the 
relevant clearing system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
For the purpose of determining whether a resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer (a) by 
accountholders in the clearing system(s) with entitlements to the Mortgage Pandbrieven or (b) 
where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written 
consent from or with written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder for whom 
such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent 
or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, 
in the case of (a) above, the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear Bank, Clearstream Banking 
Frankfurt or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) 
and in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by 
the relevant clearing system or the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner 
shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print 
out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s 
EUCLID or Clearstream Banking Frankfurt’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its 
usual procedures and in which the accountholder or a particular principal or nominal amount of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer 
shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected 
any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and 
subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 129 ---
129
 
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as a Resolution. A Written Resolution and/or 
Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution 
and/or Electronic Consent. 
Further Regulations 
37. Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules and with the consent of the Issuer, the Noteholders’ 
Representative may prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of meetings of Noteholders and 
attendance and voting as the Noteholders’ Representative may determine in its sole discretion.

--- Page 130 ---
130
 
 
TITLE III 
NOTEHOLDERS’ REPRESENTATIVE 
1. 
Appointment, Removal and Remuneration 
1.1 
Appointment and removal of the Noteholder’s Representative 
The Issuer has appointed the Noteholders’ Representative as legal representative of the 
Noteholders under the Noteholders’ Representative Agreement.  
By reason of holding Mortgage Pandbrieven, each Noteholder: 
(i) 
recognises the Noteholders’ Representative as its representative and (to the fullest 
extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into from time 
to time by the Representative in such capacity as if such Noteholder were a signatory 
thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Issuer shall not be liable, except in case of fraud, in 
respect of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of 
the Noteholders as a result of the performance by the Noteholders’ Representative of 
its duties or the exercise of any of its rights under the Conditions (including the Rules). 
In accordance with Article 14 of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law, the Noteholders shall 
be entitled to remove the Noteholders’Representative by Programme Resolution provided that 
(i) they appoint a new Noteholders’ Representative and (ii) neither the managing director of the 
Noteholders’ Representative nor the Noteholders’ Representative so removed shall be 
responsible for any costs or expenses arising from any such removal. 
Such substitute Noteholders’ Representative must meet all legal requirements to act as 
Noteholders’ Representative and accept to be bound by the terms of the Conditions and the 
Programme Documents in the same way as its predecessor. 
Upon such appointment being made all rights and powers granted to the company then acting 
as Noteholders’ Representative shall terminate and shall automatically be vested in the 
substitute 
Noteholders’ 
Representative 
so 
selected. 
All 
references 
to 
the 
Noteholders’Representative in the Programme Documents shall where and when appropriate be 
read as references to the substitute Noteholders’ Representative as selected and upon vesting of 
rights and powers pursuant to this Article 1.1. 
Such termination shall also terminate the appointment and power of attorney by the Other 
Creditors. The Noteholders’ Representative shall not be discharged from its responsibilities 
under the Noteholders’ Representative Agreement until a suitable substitute Noteholders’ 
Representative is appointed. 
1.2 
Eligibility Criteria 
The managing director of the Noteholders’ Representative shall have the necessary professional 
and organisational capacity and experience to perform the tasks entrusted to the Noteholders’ 
Representative.

--- Page 131 ---
131
 
1.3 
Appointment, removal and resignation of the managing director 
A resolution to appoint or to remove the managing director of the Noteholders’ Representative 
is made by Programme Resolution of the Noteholders, except for the appointment of the first 
managing director of the Noteholders’ Representative which will be Amsterdamsch Trustee’s 
Kantoor B.V.  
A new managing director shall accede to the existing management agreement by way of an 
accession letter and by doing so, agrees to be bound by the terms of such agreement. 
Pursuant to the Noteholders’ Representative’s articles of association, its managing director 
ceases to hold office in the following cases: 
(a) 
upon voluntary resignation, provided that a successor managing director is appointed; 
(b) 
in the case of a legal entity, upon the ceasing to exist as legal entity, or, in the case of 
an individual, upon its death; 
(c) 
upon the managing director being declared bankrupt, applying for a suspension of 
payments or petitioning for application of the debt restructuring provision referred to 
in the Dutch bankruptcy act in respect of the managing director, provided that a 
successor managing director is appointed;  
(d) 
upon removal from office by the court in cases provided for by the laws of the 
Netherlands;  
(e) 
upon removal from office by the board of the Noteholders’ Representative, provided 
that a successor managing director is appointed; and 
(f) 
upon removal from office by a Programme Resolution of the Noteholders in 
accordance with Article 1.1, provided that (i) they appoint a new managing director 
which shall meet the eligibility criteria set out under Article 1.2, (ii) the Other Creditors 
(to the extent represented by the Noteholders’ Representative) have been notified 
thereof and (iii) neither the managing director so removed nor the Noteholders’ 
Representative shall be responsible for any costs or expenses arising from any such 
removal. 
Except in case of Article 1.3(f), any successor managing director shall be appointed by the 
Noteholders’ Representative’s board (bestuur). In case no managing director is in office, a 
managing director shall be appointed by the courts of Amsterdam on request by any person 
having an interest or by the public prosecutor.  
Unless the managing director is removed or resigns in accordance with this Article, it shall 
remain in office until the date on which all Series of the Mortgage Pandbrieven have been 
cancelled or redeemed and on which all claims of the Other Creditors (to the extent represented 
by the Noteholders’ Representative) against the Special Estate have been settled.  
Any removal or resignation of the managing director shall also be binding upon the Other 
Creditors that have chosen to be represented by the Noteholders’ Representative.  
The Noteholders’ Representative shall inform the Noteholders and the Other Creditors (to the 
extent represented by the Noteholders’ Representative) of any removal or resignation of the 
managing director and any appointment of a successor managing directors as soon as reasonably 
practicable.

--- Page 132 ---
132
 
1.4 
Remuneration  
The Issuer shall pay to the Noteholders’ Representative a remuneration for its services as 
Noteholders’ Representative as agreed in the Noteholders’ Representative Agreement or a 
separate fee letter. 
2. 
Duties and Powers of the Noteholders’ Representative 
2.1 
Legal representative 
The Noteholders’ Representative is the legal representative of the Noteholders and has the 
power to exercise the rights conferred on it by these Rules, the Conditions, the Noteholders’ 
Representative Agreement and the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations in order to protect the 
interests of the Noteholders in accordance with Article 14, §2 of Annex III to the Belgian 
Banking Law. The Noteholders’ Representative can also be appointed to represent the Other 
Creditors provided that those Other Creditors agree with such representation. Any conflict of 
interest between the Noteholders and such Other Creditors will be dealt with in accordance with 
Article 3.2(q). 
2.2 
Acceptance of terms and conditions 
The Noteholders’ Representative can at the request of the Issuer approve the (form of) terms 
and conditions which are different from the Conditions (as defined in the Programme 
Agreement) currently attached to the Programme Agreement for the issuance of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven not contemplated by Schedule 2 of the Programme Agreement. 
2.3 
Meetings and Resolutions of Noteholders 
Unless the relevant Resolution provides to the contrary, the Noteholders’ Representative is 
responsible for implementing all Resolutions of the Noteholders. The Noteholders’ 
Representative has the right to convene and attend meetings of Noteholders to propose any 
course of action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable provided that it 
shall convene a meeting (i) upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one 
fifth of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the relevant Series of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or (ii) in the case of a proposed liquidation of the Special Estate in accordance with 
Article 11, 6° or 7° of Annex III to the Belgian Banking Law.  
2.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Noteholders’ Representative is authorised to represent the Noteholders in any judicial 
proceedings including any bankruptcy or similar proceedings in respect of the Issuer. 
2.5 
Consents given by the Noteholders’ Representative 
Any consent or approval given by the Noteholders’ Representative in accordance with these 
Rules may be given on such terms as the Noteholders’ Representative deems appropriate and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Rules, such consent or approval 
may be given retrospectively.  
In accordance with the Belgian Covered Bonds Regulations, the Noteholders’ Representative 
may give any consent or approval, exercise any power, authority or discretion or take any similar 
action if it is satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced 
thereby.

--- Page 133 ---
133
 
2.6 
Payment Default 
If the Issuer fails to pay (i) any principal amount or (ii) any interest in respect of any Mortgage 
Pandbrief in accordance with the Conditions, the Noteholders' Representative shall give written 
notice thereof to the Issuer by registered mail or per courier and with return receipt (“Payment 
Notice”). In case of failure by the Noteholders’ Representative to deliver such Payment Notice, 
any Noteholder can deliver such Payment Notice to the Issuer (with a copy to the Noteholders’ 
Representative). If such failure remains unremedied for ten (10) Business Days after the 
Noteholders’ Representative or, if applicable, any Noteholder has delivered the Payment Notice, 
such failure to pay shall constitute a payment default (“Payment Default”) as from the date 
falling ten (10) Business Days after the delivery of the Payment Notice. The date on which a 
Payment Default occurs shall be the date on which the Noteholders’ Representative or any 
Noteholder has given notice of such Payment Default plus ten (10) Business Days (the 
“Payment Default Date”). 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall inform the Noteholders upon its receipt of a notice in 
writing from the Issuer of the occurrence of such a failure to pay. However, the Noteholders’ 
Representative shall not be bound to take any steps to ascertain whether any Payment Default 
has happened and, until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the 
Noteholders’ Representative shall be entitled to assume that no Payment Default has happened 
and that the Issuer is observing and performing all the obligations on its part contained in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven and under the other Programme Documents.  
Without prejudice to the powers granted to the Cover Pool Administrator, if a Payment Default 
occurs in relation to a particular Series, the Noteholders’ Representative may, and shall if so 
requested in writing by the Noteholders of at least 662/3 per cent. of the outstanding principal 
amount of the relevant Series of the Mortgage Pandbrieven then outstanding (excluding any 
Mortgage Pandbrieven which may be held by the Issuer), serve a notice on the Issuer 
(“Acceleration Notice”) by registered mail or per courier and with return receipt that a Payment 
Default has occurred in relation to such Series, provided in each case it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.  
The Acceleration Notice will specify the date on which the Mortgage Pandbrieven become 
immediately due and payable (the “Acceleration Date”), which will be at least two Business 
Days after the Payment Default Date. A copy of the Acceleration Notice shall be sent to the  
Securities Settlement System, the Noteholders, the Rating Agencies and the Cover Pool 
Monitor.  
The Noteholders’ Representative may in accordance with the Conditions, the Belgian Covered 
Bonds Regulations and the Programme Documents instruct the relevant (Principal) Paying 
Agent, the other agents under the Programme or any of them to act thereafter, until otherwise 
instructed by the Noteholders’ Representative, to effect payments on the terms provided in the 
Agency Agreement (with consequential amendments as necessary and save that the 
Noteholders’ Representative’s liability under any provisions thereof for the indemnification, 
remuneration and payment of out of pocket expenses of the agents under the Programme shall 
be limited to amounts for the time being received or recovered by the Noteholders’ 
Representative under any of the Programme Documents and available to the Noteholders’ 
Representative for such purpose) and thereafter to hold all sums, documents and records held 
by them in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven on behalf of the Noteholders’ Representative. 
2.7 
Programme Limit 
The Noteholders’ Representative will not enquire as to whether or not any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are issued in breach of the programme limit equal to EUR 7,500,000,000 (or the

--- Page 134 ---
134
 
equivalent in other currencies at the date of issuance) aggregate outstanding principal amount 
of Mortgage Pandbrieven at any time (the “Programme Limit”), subject to increase of the 
Programme Limit in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement. 
2.8 
Application of proceeds 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the 
Issuer of the proceeds of the issuance of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
2.9 
Delegation 
The Noteholders’ Representative may in the exercise of the powers, discretions and authorities 
vested in it – in the interest of the Noteholders – whether by power of attorney or otherwise, 
delegate to any person or persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities 
vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation may be made upon such conditions and subject to such regulations 
(including power to sub-delegate) as the Noteholders’ Representative may think fit in the 
interest of the Noteholders. The Noteholders’ Representative shall use all reasonable care in the 
appointment of any such delegate and shall be responsible for the actions of such delegate. The 
Noteholders’ Representative shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer 
of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such 
appointment, and shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer of the 
appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable.  
2.10 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein or in the Programme Documents, the Noteholders’ 
Representative shall have absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, 
power and discretion vested in the Noteholders’ Representative by these Rules or by operation 
of law.  
2.11 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Noteholders’ Representative is entitled to 
exercise its discretion hereunder (including but not limited to forming any opinion in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise of any discretion) the Noteholders’ Representative has the 
right (but not the obligation) to convene a meeting of Noteholders in order to obtain the 
Noteholders’ instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the 
Noteholders’ Representative shall be entitled to request that the Noteholders indemnify it, 
prefund it and/or provide it with security as specified in Article 3.2 to its satisfaction.  
3. 
Exoneration of the Noteholders’ Representative 
3.1 
Limited obligations 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in addition 
to those expressly provided herein, in the Programme Documents, in the Belgian Covered Bonds 
Regulations and in the relevant provisions of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations.  
3.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of Article 3.1, the Noteholders’ Representative:

--- Page 135 ---
135
 
(a) 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether a Payment 
Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of which would cause a 
right or remedy to become exercisable by the Noteholders’ Representative hereunder 
or under any other relevant document, has occurred and, until the Noteholders’ 
Representative has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it shall be 
entitled to assume that no Payment Default or such other event, condition or act has 
occurred; 
(b) 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and 
performance by the Issuer or any other parties of their obligations contained in these 
Rules or the Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to 
the contrary, the Noteholders’ Representative shall be entitled to assume that the Issuer 
and each other relevant party are duly observing and performing all their respective 
obligations; 
(c) 
shall not be under any obligation to disclose (unless and to the extent so required under 
these Rules, the Conditions or by applicable law) to any Noteholders or any other party, 
any information (including, without limitation, information of a confidential, financial 
or price sensitive nature) made available to the Noteholders’ Representative by the 
Issuer or any other person in respect of the Special Estate or, more generally, of the 
Programme and no Noteholders shall be entitled to take any action to obtain from the 
Noteholders’ Representative any such information; 
(d) 
except as expressly required in these Rules, shall not be under any obligation to give 
notice to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of these Rules or 
the Conditions; 
(e) 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules, or of any other document or any obligation 
or rights created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or pursuant hereto or 
thereto, nor shall be responsible for assessing any breach or alleged breach by the 
Issuer and any other party to the transaction, and (without prejudice to the generality 
of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have any duty to make any 
investigation in respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, 
report, certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required 
to be delivered or obtained at any time in connection herewith; 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated 
by the Issuer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Issuer to obtain or comply with any license, consent or other 
authorisation in connection with the registration or administration of the 
assets contained in the Special Estate; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent or any other person in respect of the Special Estate or the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven;

--- Page 136 ---
136
 
(vi) 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the 
proceeds of the issuance of the Mortgage Pandbrieven or the distribution of 
any of such proceeds to the persons entitled thereto; 
(f) 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven by any credit or rating agency or any other person;  
(g) 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the 
Noteholders’ Representative contained herein or any certificate, document or 
agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof; 
(h) 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring 
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or the 
Conditions; 
(i) 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect 
or failure in the right or title of the Issuer in relation to the assets contained in the 
Special Estate or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the 
Noteholders’ Representative or might have been discovered upon examination or 
enquiry or whether capable of being remedied or not; 
(j) 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the 
receivables contained in the Special Estate or any part thereof; 
(k) 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Special 
Estate or any part thereof provided by any person; 
(l) 
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage 
arising from the realisation of the Special Estate or any part thereof; 
(m) 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in these Rules) for making or 
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven or 
the Special Estate; 
(n) 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Special Estate or any part thereof; 
(o) 
shall, when in these Rules or the Conditions it is required in connection with the 
exercise of its powers, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders, have regard to the overall interests of the Noteholders of each Series as a 
class of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Noteholders whatever their number and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such 
exercise for individual Noteholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory or taxing authority, and the Noteholders’ 
Representative shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholders be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer, the Noteholders’ Representative or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual Noteholders; 
(p) 
shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, authorities or discretions, it 
is of the opinion that the interest of the Noteholders of any one or more Series would

--- Page 137 ---
137
 
be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, authority or discretion without 
the approval of such Noteholders by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(q) 
shall, as regards the powers, authorities and discretions vested in it, except where 
expressly provided otherwise, have regard to the interests of both the Noteholders and 
the Other Creditors of the Issuer which it represents but if, in the opinion of the 
Noteholders’ Representative, there is a conflict between their interests the 
Noteholders’ Representative will have regard solely to the interest of the Noteholders; 
(r) 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or 
discretion vested in it until it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims and demands which 
might be brought or made against it and against all liabilities suffered, incurred or 
sustained by it as a result. Nothing shall require the Noteholders’ Representative to 
expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the 
performance of its duties or the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion 
hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds or adequate 
indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably assured; and 
(s) 
shall not be liable or responsible for any liabilities directly or indirectly suffered or 
incurred by the Issuer, any Noteholders or any other person which may result from 
anything done or omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions of these 
Rules or the Conditions except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud, 
gross negligence or wilful default of the Noteholders’ Representative. 
3.3 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Noteholders’ Representative to do anything which 
may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise 
take risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or 
discretion. The Noteholders’ Representative may refrain from taking any action which would 
or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive 
of any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed 
for any funds it expends, or that it will not be indemnified against any loss or liabilities which 
it may incur as a consequence of such action. The Noteholders’ Representative may do anything 
which, in its opinion, is necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as 
aforesaid. 
4. 
Reliance on Information 
4.1 
Advice 
The Noteholders’ Representative may act on the advice of a certificate, opinion or confirmation 
of, or any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, tax 
advisor, credit or rating agency or other expert, notwithstanding that such advice, opinion, 
certificate, report, engagement letter or other document contain a monetary or other limit in the 
liability of the providers of such advice, opinion or written information, whether obtained by 
the Issuer, the Noteholders’ Representative or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss 
occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or 
obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and the Noteholders’ Representative 
shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or information purporting to be 
so conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic. 
4.2 
Certificates of Issuer

--- Page 138 ---
138
 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall be at liberty to accept as sufficient evidence: 
(a) 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's knowledge, a certificate duly 
signed by a director of the Issuer; 
(b) 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer to the effect that any 
particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient; 
and the Noteholders’ Representative shall not be bound in any such case to call for further 
evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such 
certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall have 
actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the 
certificate. 
4.3 
Resolution or direction of Noteholders 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any meeting of Noteholders in 
respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage 
of Noteholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the 
constitution of the meeting of Noteholders or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving 
of such directions or that for any reason the resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or 
to have been passed at any meeting or the giving of the direction was not valid or binding upon 
the Noteholders. 
4.4 
Ownership of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
The Noteholders’ Representative, in order to ascertain ownership of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
may fully rely on the book-entries in the records of the Securities Settlement System, its 
participants or any Recognised Accountholder in accordance with Article 7:35 et seq. of the 
Belgian Code of Companies and Associations. 
4.5 
Clearing Systems 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient 
evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and 
accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system as the Noteholders’ Representative 
considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing system, to the effect that at 
any particular time or throughout any particular period any particular person is, or was, or will 
be, shown in its records as entitled to a particular number of Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
4.6 
Certificates of Parties to Programme Documents 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall have the right to call for and to rely on written certificates 
issued by any party to the Programme Documents (other than the Issuer): 
(a) 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly 
provided for under the Conditions or any Programme Document; 
(b) 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
(c) 
as to such party's opinion with respect to any issuance,

--- Page 139 ---
139
 
and the Noteholders’ Representative shall not be required to seek additional evidence in respect 
of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any liabilities 
incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or 
express notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate.  
4.7 
Auditors 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any 
auditors' report, certificate or engagement letter and may rely on the contents of any such report 
or certificate, notwithstanding that such advice, opinion, certificate, report, engagement letter 
or other document contain a monetary or other limit in the liability of the providers of such 
advice, opinion or written information. 
4.8 
Investor reports 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall be at liberty to rely on as sufficient evidence of the facts 
stated therein, the regular investor reports provided by the Issuer with regard to, among others, 
the composition of the Special Estate which will be made available on the website of the Issuer 
at www.argenta.eu on a monthly basis. 
5. 
Amendments and Modifications  
The Noteholders’ Representative may from time to time and without the consent or sanction of the 
Noteholders concur with the Issuer and any other relevant parties in making any modification to the 
Conditions or to the Common Terms: 
(a) 
if the Noteholders’ Representative is of the opinion that such modification will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Noteholders of any Series; or 
(b) 
if such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or, in the opinion of the 
Noteholders’ Representative is to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law or to ensure compliance with any applicable legal provisions. 
Any such modification shall be binding upon the Noteholders and, unless the Noteholders’ 
Representative otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and any other party in making 
any of the above-mentioned modifications if it is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (Conditions) 
or a Programme Resolution (Common Terms) and if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction against all liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur 
by so doing. 
Upon the Issuer’s request, the Noteholders’ Representative shall, without the consent or sanction of any 
of the Noteholders, concur with the Issuer in making any modifications to the Conditions or to the 
Common Terms that the Issuer may decide in its discretion in order to comply with any criteria of the 
Rating Agency which may be published after the signing of the initial agreement(s) for the issuance of 
and subscription for the Mortgage Pandbrieven and which the Issuer certifies to the Noteholders’ 
Representative in writing are required to avoid a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then current 
ratings assigned by a Rating Agency to any Series of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, provided that the 
Noteholders’ Representative shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the sole opinion 
of the Noteholders’ Representative, as applicable, would have effect of (i) exposing the Noteholders’ 
Representative, as applicable, to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the

--- Page 140 ---
140
 
protections, of the Noteholders’ Representative, as applicable in these Rules or the Conditions. For the 
avoidance of doubt, such modification may include, without limitation, modifications which would allow 
any derivative contract counterparty not to post collateral in circumstances where it previously would 
have been obliged to do so. The Rating Agencies are not responsible for any of the decisions that the 
Noteholders’ Representative may or may not take based on any rating confirmation or other papers 
published by such Rating Agency.  
6. 
Waiver 
6.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Noteholders’ Representative may at any time and from time to time in its sole discretion, 
without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, event or act, but 
only if, and in so far as, in its opinion the interests of the holders of any Mortgage Pandbrieven 
then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, authorise or waive, on such terms 
and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may decide, any of the obligations of or rights against 
the Issuer or any other relevant party to the Programme. 
6.2 
Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred in Article 6.1 shall be binding on the 
Noteholders.  
6.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Noteholders’ Representative shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this Article 
6: 
(a) 
in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution but so that 
no such direction shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously 
given or made, and only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction against all liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which 
it may incur by so doing; or  
(b) 
so as to authorise or waive any obligation or right against the Issuer relating to a matter 
as referred for which special quorum resolution is required, unless holders of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven of the relevant Series have, by Extraordinary Resolution, so authorised its 
exercise.  
6.4 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Noteholders’ Representative agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall cause any such 
authorisation, waiver or determination as referred in Article 6.1 to be notified to the 
Noteholders, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 
8 (Notices). 
7. 
Indemnity 
7.1 
Indemnification by the Issuer 
Except in the case of Article 7.2 below, the Issuer covenants with and undertakes to the 
Noteholders’ Representative to indemnify the Noteholders’ Representative on demand against 
any liabilities which are properly incurred by the Noteholders’ Representative or any other 
person appointed by the Noteholders’ Representative under the Programme Documents to

--- Page 141 ---
141
 
whom any power, authority or discretion may be delegated by the Noteholders’ Representative 
in the execution, or the purported execution, of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in 
it by the Programme Documents, in, or in connection with, (except insofar as the same are 
incurred because of the gross negligence, wilful default or fraud of the Noteholders’ 
Representative or such other third parties): 
(a) 
the performance of the terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and the Programme 
Documents; 
(b) 
anything done or purported to be done by the Noteholders’ Representative or any 
appointee under the Mortgage Pandbrieven or any other Programme Document; or 
(c) 
the exercise or attempted exercise by or on behalf of the Noteholders’ Representative 
or any appointee of any of the powers of the Noteholders’ Representative or any 
appointee or any other action taken by or on behalf of the Noteholders’ Representative 
with a view to or in connection with enforcing any obligations of the Issuer or any 
other person under any Programme Document. 
7.2 
Indemnification by the Noteholders 
In the case the Noteholders’ Representative or any other person appointed by the Noteholders’ 
Representative under the Programme Documents has acted upon any resolution or direction 
referred to in Article 4.3, each Noteholder covenants with and undertakes to the Noteholders’ 
Representative to indemnify the Noteholders’ Representative on demand and pro rata according 
to its share in the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Mortgage Pandbrieven at the time 
of such resolution or direction against any liabilities which are properly incurred (except insofar 
as the same are incurred because of the gross negligence, wilful default or fraud of the 
Noteholders’ Representative or such other third parties) by the Noteholders’ Representative or 
any appointee as a result of its acting in relation to that resolution or direction. 
8. 
Liability 
8.1 
Liability of the Noteholders’ Representative 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules or the Programme Documents, the 
Noteholders’ Representative shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in 
any way in connection with the Mortgage Pandbrieven, these Rules or the Conditions except in 
relation to its own fraud, gross negligence or wilful default. 
The Noteholders’ Representative is entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any power, 
authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to the Conditions and these Rules, that such 
exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Noteholders if a Rating 
Agency has confirmed in writing that the then current ratings of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
would not be adversely affected by such exercise. However, the Noteholders’ Representative 
shall not be obliged to seek such confirmation from any Rating Agency. In being entitled to rely 
on the fact that any Rating Agency has confirmed that the ratings that may be applied to the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven would not be adversely affected, it is hereby acknowledged by the 
Noteholders’ Representative and the Noteholders that the above does not impose or extend any 
actual or contingent liability for the relevant Rating Agency to the Noteholders’ Representative, 
the Noteholders or any other person or create any legal relations between the relevant Rating 
Agency and the Noteholders’ Representative, the Noteholders or any other person whether by 
way of contract or otherwise. The Rating Agencies are not responsible for any of the decisions 
that the Noteholders’ Representative may or may not take based on any rating confirmation or 
other papers published by such Rating Agency.

--- Page 142 ---
142
 
8.2 
Liability of the Issuer 
Except in the case of fraud of the Issuer, each Noteholder and each Other Creditor represented 
by the Noteholders’ Representative acknowledges and accepts that the Issuer shall not be liable, 
in respect of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the 
Noteholders or the Other Creditors represented by the Noteholders’ Representative as a result 
of the performance by the Noteholders’ Representative (or its delegate) of its duties or the 
exercise of any of its rights under the Conditions and these Rules.

--- Page 143 ---
143
 
CLEARING 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Code of 
Companies and Associations (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des 
Associations). The Mortgage Pandbrieven will be represented exclusively by a book entry in the records of the 
settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium or any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement 
System”). The Mortgage Pandbrieven can be held by their holders through the participants in the Securities 
Settlement System or any other NBB Investor (I)CSDs, including Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear 
Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, 
any other NBB investor (I)CSDs and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven through Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities 
Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, any other NBB investor (I)CSDs or other 
participants in the Securities Settlement System. Possession of the Mortgage Pandbrieven will pass by account 
transfer. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be made in accordance with the 
applicable rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement system, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear 
Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, 
any other NBB Investor (I)CSDs and any other Securities Settlement System participant holding interest in the 
relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven, and any payment made by the Issuer to the Securities Settlement System will 
constitute good discharge for the Issuer. Upon receipt of any payment in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven, the 
Securities Settlement System, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, any other NBB Investor (I)CSDs and 
any other Securities Settlement System participant, shall immediately credit the accounts of the relevant account 
holders with the payment. Noteholders are entitled to exercise their voting rights and other associative rights (as 
defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) against the Issuer upon 
submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear 
France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, any other NBB 
Investor (I)CSDs or another participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts 
showing their position in the Mortgage Pandbrieven (or the position held by the financial institution through which 
their Mortgage Pandbrieven are held with the NBB, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear 
France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS, any other NBB 
Investor (I)CSDs or such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will 
also be required).

--- Page 144 ---
144
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes.  
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. In particular, the Issuer may provide in the applicable Final Terms that, in the case of “green bonds”, an 
amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven is intended to be applied 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing green loans (the “Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”) 
as defined in, and subject to the conditions set out in, the Issuer’s green bond framework (as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Green Bond Framework”), such Mortgage Pandbrieven being referred to 
as “Green Bonds”.

--- Page 145 ---
145
 
GREEN BONDS 
The Issuer may issue Mortgage Pandbrieven where an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from an issue of 
such Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be specifically applied to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or 
existing green loans (the “Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”) as defined in, and subject to the conditions set out in, 
the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework. 
Green Bond Framework 
Introduction 
In January 2022, the Issuer developed and published a framework for the issue of green bonds (the “Green Bond 
Framework”) under which the Issuer can issue bonds to finance and/or refinance “green” buildings with a 
positive environmental benefit, in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria.  
The 
Issuer’s 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
is 
publicly 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.argenta.eu/investor-relations/debt-issuance/green-bonds.html). 
The 
Issuer’s 
Green 
Bond 
Framework is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
The Green Bond Framework has been prepared in line with the voluntary guidelines of the International Capital 
Markets Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles (version 2021). The Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”) and the proposed 
Regulation on a voluntary EU Green Bond Standard (the “EU GBS”) have not been considered in the development 
of the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework.   
This section contains a short summary of the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework as at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should take note that the Green Bond Framework may be amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time. This summary does not replace, and must be read in conjunction with, the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework.  
For all Green Bonds, (i) the use of proceeds, (ii) the process for project evaluation and selection, (iii) the 
management of proceeds, (iv) the reporting and (v) the external review will be carried out in accordance with the 
Green Bond Framework. 
Use of proceeds 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of Green Bonds is exclusively used to finance and/or refinance, in whole 
or in part Green Buildings within the meaning of the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework. To qualify as Green Bonds, 
the proceeds of the Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be used exclusively to finance and/or refinance loans in respect 
of residential buildings in the Netherlands and Belgium that meet either of the following criteria (the “Eligibility 
Criteria”): 
 
EPC label >= “A” or belonging to the top 15% of the national stock expressed as operational Primary 
Energy Demand (PED) and demonstrated by adequate evidence 
 
Energy performance lower of at least 10% than the local threshold set for nearly zerobuilding (NZEB) 
requirements 
 
Renovated buildings that comply with the applicable requirements for major renovations 
 
Renovated buildings with energy savings of at least 30% in comparison to the baseline performance 
before the building renovation

--- Page 146 ---
146
 
The allocation of the proceeds of the Green Bonds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio may not meet all investors’ 
expectations and in particular, may not be aligned with future guidelines and/or regulatory or legislative criteria 
regarding sustainability performance. 
Management of the proceeds 
The Issuer will allocate the proceeds from Green Bonds to finance and/or refinance the Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio in accordance with the use of proceeds criteria and evaluation and selection process. The net proceeds 
of the Green Bonds will be managed by the Issuer on a portfolio basis and based on an aggregated approach. The 
Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, which matches 
or exceeds the balance of proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds. The Eligible Green Loan Portfolio is 
evolving over time. Additional loans, complying with the Eligibility Criteria, will be added to the Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio to the extent required. Whilst any Green Bond proceeds remain unallocated, the Issuer will hold 
and/or invest, at its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid 
instruments, or to pay back a portion of its outstanding indebtedness or any other treasury activity, the balance of 
net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. 
Reporting 
The Issuer has the ambition to make and keep readily available reporting on Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and 
Green Bonds outstanding. Reporting shall be renewed at least annually, until full allocation.  
Both the allocation report and the impact report will be made publicly available in the Green Bond section of the 
Issuer’s website (https://www.argenta.eu/investor-relations/debt-issuance/green-bonds.html). Any reports made 
available on the Issuer’s website do not form part of, and are not incorporated by reference into, this Base 
Prospectus. 
External Review 
The Issuer has commissioned Sustainalytics to provide a Compliance Opinion (as defined on page 44 of this Base 
Prospectus) for its Green Bond Framework. Sustainalytics has reviewed the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and 
issued a second party opinion, namely the Compliance Opinion, confirming the alignment of it with the ICMA 
Green Bond Principles (version 2021). The Compliance Opinion does not assess or confirm compliance of any 
Green Bonds and the use of proceeds with the criteria and procedures set out in the Green Bond Framework. The 
Compliance Opinion is available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.argenta.eu/investor-relations/debt-
issuance/green-bonds.html) and is not incorporated in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus and may be, 
amended, updated, expanded or replaced from time to time.  
The Issuer intends to request a limited assurance report on the annual allocation report, addressing the allocation 
of the net proceeds of the issued Green Bonds, provided by an external auditor. The verification report will be 
publicly available on the Issuer’s website. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the 
Compliance Opinion or the limited assurance report, or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or 
not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds, and in 
particular as to whether the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio fulfils any environmental or other criteria. Any such 
opinion, report or certification is not nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, or 
any other person to buy, sell or hold any Green Bonds. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or 
shall be deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its content. For the avoidance of doubt, this is without 
prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Mortgage Pandbrief, as set out in the paragraph entitled “Important information”.

--- Page 147 ---
147
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
GENERAL 
The Issuer is a limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) organised under the laws of 
Belgium with company name “Argenta Spaarbank NV/SA”, in short “Aspa”, with registered office at 2018 
Antwerp, Belgiëlei 49-53, and is registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (BCE/KBO) under number 
BE0404.453.574 (RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp). The registered office can be contacted by phone on the 
number +32 3 285 51 11. The Issuer’s LEI Code is A6NZLYKYN1UV7VVGFX65. The website of the Issuer is 
www.argenta.eu. The information on www.argenta.eu does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where 
that information has otherwise expressly been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer was incorporated under the name "Kredietmaatschappij Fiducia" for an indefinite time by notarial deed 
executed by notary Emile Lemineur in Antwerp on 18 April 1956, published in the Annexes to the Belgian Official 
Gazette on 9 May 1956 under number 10639, and by notary Maurice Van Zeebroeck in Antwerp on 24 November 
1956, published in the Annexes to the Belgian Official Gazette on 13 December 1956 under number 29036. 
The Issuer is a duly licensed Belgian credit institution, and is under the supervision of the National Bank of 
Belgium (the “NBB”) for prudential matters, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority with regard 
to conduct of business rules and financial market supervision, and the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), acting 
as the supervisory authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, following a capital increase dated 25 October 2023 by way of contribution 
in cash for an amount of seventy six million thirty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty euros (EUR 76,038,750) 
without issuance of new shares, the share capital of the Issuer is one billion and nine million nine hundred sixty 
three thousand and nine hundred euros (EUR 1,009,963,900) and is represented by 168,975 shares. The shares are 
held by Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV (holding 99.99%). 
In June 2024, total consolidated balance sheet of Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV and its subsidiaries 
(including the Issuer) (the “Argenta Group”) amounted to EUR 62,451,338,318 and EUR 55,767,501,059 in 
respect of the Issuer.

--- Page 148 ---
148
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE OF THE ARGENTA GROUP 
Organisational structure 
The Issuer is part of the Argenta Group. The corporate organisational chart of the Argenta Group can be depicted 
as follows: 
 
A list with details of the various group companies is provided further in this Base Prospectus. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Investeringsmaatschappij Argenta NV (“Investar NV”), a mixed financial 
holding, holds 87.43% of the shares in Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV (the “Parent”), with the 
remainder of the shares owned by Argenta Coöperatieve CV (“Argen-Co”), which is a recognised cooperative 
undertaking in accordance with the Act of 20 July 1955 on a National Council for Cooperatives.  
The Parent is the holding company of the Argenta Group. Its operational activities consist of group-level control 
functions (i.e. internal audit, compliance and integrity, risk and validation, legal affairs and organisation and 
talent). 
The Parent co-ordinates and provides joint management of the operations of its subsidiaries: the Issuer and 
Argenta Assuranties NV (“Aras”).  
The Parent is a mixed financial holding within the meaning of Article 3, 39° of the Belgian Banking Law. 
The Issuer has one subsidiary: Argenta Asset Management S.A., which has also a subsidiary Arvestar Asset 
Management S.A. In addition, the Issuer has a branch office in the Netherlands. The Issuer, its subsidiaries and 
branch office form the “Bank Pool”. 
Argenta Asset Management S.A. is a Luxembourg company which is responsible for the management and central 
administration of the Argenta Group’s collective investment undertakings, i.e. Argenta Fund sicav and Argenta 
Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep nv 
Argenta Spaarbank nv 
  
A
t S
b
k D t h
Argenta Asset  
Management S.A. 
Investar nv 
Argen-Co cv 
87.43%
12.57%
99.99%
99.71%
Argenta Assuranties nv 
99.99%
Arvestar Asset  
Management S.A. 
74.99 %

--- Page 149 ---
149
 
Portfolio sicav, which are open-end investment undertakings under Luxembourg law. The latter is a fund of funds 
(also known as an umbrella fund). This means that the assets of various sub-funds are invested in other collective 
investment undertakings. 
On 30 July 2018, Arvestar Asset Management NV (“Arvestar”) was established within the Argenta Group. 
Arvestar is a UCITS and AIF management company under Belgian law and is a joint venture between Argenta 
Asset Management S.A. and Degroof Petercam Asset Management SA/NV (“DPAM”). The Issuer has previously 
outsourced the management of its pension savings funds Argenta Pensioenspaarfonds (“Arpe”) and Argenta 
Pensioenspaarfonds Defensive (“Arpe Defensive”) to DPAM. In view of the substantial volume of these funds, 
the Issuer and DPAM considered that it was desirable to create a separate control structure. Arvestar has managed 
the Issuer’s pension funds since 1 November 2018 and also manages certain other collective investment 
undertakings (funds) such as the Argenta DP funds. 
Arvestar was founded as a subsidiary of Argenta Asset Management S.A., where the asset management within 
the Argenta Group is centralised. Argenta Asset Management S.A. itself remains responsible for the management 
of the Argenta Fund sicav and the Argenta Portfolio sicav.  
Aras is a duly licensed Belgian insurance undertaking. The Bank Pool has no claims on Aras, and at present Aras 
does not give financial support to the Bank Pool.  
The Argenta Group has various interrelations. The Parent, the Issuer and Aras operate centralised and share 
operational departments; the main “shared” departments are ICT, human resources and facilities, as well as all 
group finance and risk functions. 
The Argenta Group is currently considering simplifying its shareholding structure which could lead to changes in 
the indirect shareholding of the Issuer. However, there will be no changes in relation to the direct shareholding of 
the Issuer nor the ultimate beneficial ownership of the Argenta Group. 
 
Overview of the Argenta Group entities 
 
Argenta Bank- en Verzekeringsgroep NV 
HOLDING COMPANY 
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company) 
Belgiëlei 49-53 
B-2018 Antwerpen 
BE 0475.525.276, RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp 
Argenta Asset Management 
MANAGEMENT COMPANY 
société anonyme (public limited liability  
company) under the laws of Luxembourg 
29, Boulevard du Prince Henri 
L-1724 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg Trade Register no. B 35185
Argenta Spaarbank NV/SA (the Issuer)  
CREDIT INSTITUTION 
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company)  
Belgiëlei 49-53 
B-2018 Antwerp 
BE 0404.453.574, RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp 
Arvestar Asset Management NV  
MANAGEMENT COMPANY  
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company) 
Guimardstraat 19 
B-1040 Brussels 
BE 0700.529.248, RPR Brussels

--- Page 150 ---
150
 
Argenta Assuranties NV 
INSURANCE UNDERTAKING 
naamloze vennootschap (public limited liability  
company)  
Belgiëlei 49-53 
B-2018 Antwerp 
BE 0404.456.148, RPR Antwerp, division Antwerp 
Argenta Spaarbank’s Dutch branch 
Stadionstraat 2 
NL-4815 NG Breda 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF THE ARGENTA GROUP 
Key facts and figures of the Argenta Group 
The Issuer is a Belgian systemic financial institution (“D-SIB”) and forms part of the 113 banks that are subject 
to the direct supervision of the ECB. 
Argenta Group’s strategy consists in the offering of financial products, such as savings and investment products, 
loans and insurance products, to families, and, to a lesser extent, to self-employed persons. On the date of this 
Base Prospectus, Argenta Group has 1,223 employees. 
The Argenta Group has been active in Belgium since 1956 and in Luxemburg since 1987. It has been active in the 
Dutch mortgage market since 1997 and has attracted savings in the Netherlands since 2004. All group activities 
exclusively consist of financial activities relating to attracting savings, granting loans, distribution of collective 
investments and offering life and non-life insurance products. Belgian customers are serviced through a network 
of independent agents (376 offices), who together employ 1,441 people (as of 30 June 2024). Dutch customers 
are serviced through third party distribution and online direct channels. The Issuer developed 4 payment packages 
for consumers including a free one (“Green-pakket”, “Silver-pakket”, “Gold-pakket” and the free one 
“Basisbankdienst-pakket”). For legal persons, groups, legal structures or organisations without legal personality 
the Issuer has developed one payment package (“Pro-pakket”).  
The banking activities (provided through the Bank Pool) are mainly focused on attracting funds from the retail 
market on the one hand and investing such funds in mortgage credits on the other hand. Besides its traditional 
banking activities, the Issuer also sells fee income generating products, such as UCITS. This allows the Argenta 
Group to diversify its profit generation. 
The insurance activities consist of both life insurance products and health and indemnity insurances (more in 
particular, car insurances, civil liability, property). As at 30 June 2024, Aras had total assets of around EUR 6.7 
billion. 
With over 200,000 Belgian mortgages, credit risk is spread over a large number of clients and there are no 
individual clients with a substantial potential for loss. 
The Issuer has a solid financial position. The consolidated IRB-based CET1 ratio of the Issuer stood at 26.9% as 
of 30 June 2024 (Basel III). Recurrent Net Interest Income (“NII”) slightly declined and the Issuer has a solid 
Return on Equity (“RoE”) of 9.4% (adjusted for IFRIC 21) for the period ended on 30 June 2024. 
The following table summarises key facts and figures for the Argenta Group on a consolidated basis under IFRS, 
except for Aras, for which the Belgian generally accepted accounting principles (“BEGAAP”) figures are 
displayed in lieu of the IFRS figures:

--- Page 151 ---
151
 
 
30 June  
 
30 June  
€ millions 
2023 
 
2024 
Total assets 
59,929
62,451
Shareholder’s equity 
3,598
3,779
Net income (adjusted for IFRIC 21) 
132 (168)
111 (160)
C/I ratio adjusted for IFRIC 21 (excl. 
bank levies) 
51% (41%)
53% (42%)
CET1 ratio (Danish compromise) 
22.8%
26.9%
Customer Assets under Management  
59,025
63,137
 
 
 
30 June  
30 June 
 
30 June 
30 June  
€ millions 
2023 
2024 
€ millions 
2023 
2024 
Total assets 
6,554
6,741
Total assets 
53,509
55,768
 
Shareholder’s equity 
2,571
2,817
Shareholder’s 
equity 
633
646
Deposits (incl. non-
subordinated term 
products) 
43,594
45,880
Gross premiums 
life1 
227
187
Loans to customers 
40,250
41,847
Gross premiums 
non-life  
106
112
Net income (adjusted 
for IFRIC 21) 
91 (132)
85 (128)
Net income 
37.1
18.9
RoE adjusted for 
IFRIC 21 
10.7%
9.4%
 
RoE 
Solvency ratio 
12.4% 
239%
6.0% 
224%
CET1 (IRB) 
22.6%
26.9%
 
MREL ratio2  
(SRB target) 
8.42%
(7.69%) 
8.47% 
(7.78%)
 
S&P rating 
A
A
Notes 
1) 
Gross premiums life including branch 23 insurance premium income 
2) 
Expressed as % of Leverage Rate Exposure (LRE)  
Business overview of the Issuer 
Principal activities of the Issuer 
As a credit institution, the Issuer’s core activities consist of attracting funds, offering loans (primarily mortgage 
loans to retail clients) and providing payment services.  
In addition, the Issuer offers fee income generating products: Argenta products (units in pension funds Arpe and 
Arpe Defensive, Argenta-Fund sicav, Argenta Portfolio sicav) as well as units in other collective investment 
institutions from third parties. 
The Issuer’s activities are concentrated on attracting funds through: 
 
In Belgium: 
 
Current accounts.  Daily Banking services for retail clients have been grouped in 4 packages: 
“Green-pakket”, “Silver-pakket”, “Gold-pakket“, “Basisbankdienst-pakket”. A fifth package, 
the “Pro-pakket” targets professional clients. 
 
Savings accounts. The Issuer offers the following regulated savings accounts in Belgium: the 
“Maxi” account, the “E-spaar” and the “Fidelity”. The Issuer also offers the non-regulated 
Aras 
Banking pool

--- Page 152 ---
152
 
registered savings account “Pro-Plus” which is exclusively reserved for legal persons, groups, 
legal structures or organisations without legal personality. Finally, the Issuer offers the regulated 
savings account “Growth” and the non-regulated saving account “Plus”, albeit not actively. 
 
Term deposits (“non-subordinated term products”). The Issuer offers term deposits.  
 
Subordinated certificates. The Issuer offered subordinated certificates in the past, but has no 
plans for new offerings to retail clients. 
 
Units in undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS). In its 
capacity as a distributor, the Issuer sells units or shares of various third party Belgian and foreign 
collective investment undertakings in Belgium, including investment companies with a variable 
number of shares (bevek/sicav) and mutual investment funds. 
 
Pension saving funds: the Issuer offers saving pension contracts, such as Arpe and Arpe 
defensive.  
 
Structured securities. The Issuer has acted as a distributor of structured securities issued by third 
parties in the past. The Issuer has no plans to pursue the distribution of structured products at 
this moment. 
 
In the Netherlands: 
 
Saving accounts: The Issuer offers the following savings accounts in the Netherlands: the 
“Internet Spaarrekening” and the “Jongeren Spaarrekening”. 
 
Term deposits: The Issuer offers term deposits. 
As at 30 June 2024 approximately 81% of the Issuer’s funding was attracted from its retail clients.  
In order to diversify funding further and to support future mortgage production, the Issuer decided to securitise 
Dutch mortgage loans. The Issuer still has three Residential Mortgage Backed Security (“RMBS”) transaction 
outstanding:  
- Green Apple 2018-I NHG 
Green Apple 2018-I NHG BV issued on 26 June 2018 residential mortgage backed notes for a notional 
amount of EUR 1 billion (class A notes) with an interest rate of Euribor 3 months plus 40 basis points. 
The notes were placed with institutional investors. The notes are outstanding up to 2057 with a 
prepayment option from 17 January 2025 onwards (being the first optional redemption date).  
- Green Apple 2019-I NHG 
Green Apple 2019-I NHG BV issued on 26 June 2019 residential mortgage backed notes for a notional 
amount of EUR 825 million (class A notes) with an interest rate of Euribor 3 months plus 40 basis points. 
The notes were placed with institutional investors. The notes are outstanding up to 2058 with a 
prepayment option from 17 January 2026 onwards (being the first optional redemption date).  
- Green Apple 2021-I 
Green Apple 2021-I BV issued on 23 June 2021 residential mortgage backed notes for a notional amount 
of EUR 650 million (class A notes) with an interest rate of Euribor 3 months plus 70 basis points. The 
notes were placed with institutional investors. The notes are outstanding up to 2060 with a prepayment 
option from 17 January 2028 onwards (being the first optional redemption date).

--- Page 153 ---
153
 
The attracted funds were allocated by the Issuer through mortgage loans to primarily private customers and 
self-employed persons. These loans are intended for the purchase of a residence, a plot of land or residential 
renovation. In addition, the Issuer invested the attracted funds primarily in investment grade fixed-income 
securities of governments, financial institutions and other enterprises. 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio of EUR 41.8 billion as of 30 June 2024 is covered by EUR 44.6 billion customer 
deposits, resulting in a solid loan to deposit ratio of 94%. 
Main geographical markets 
The geographical markets in which the Issuer actively markets to clients are Belgium and the Netherlands. The 
table below gives the split of total funding and loan origination between both countries:  
Loans and Receivables outstanding 
 
(€ billion) 
30 June 2024 
Belgium
20.4 
49%
The Netherlands 
21.4 
51% 
Total 
41.8 
100% 
Funding10 
 
(€ billion) Belgium 
30 June 2024 
Current and savings deposits
33 
72%
Non-subordinated term products 
8.0 
17% 
  Other 
1.3 
3% 
Total Belgian deposits
42.3 
92%
(€ billion) Netherlands 
30 June 2024 
Current and savings deposits
1.7 
4%
Non-subordinated term products 
1.2 
3% 
 
0.7 
1% 
Total Dutch deposits 
3.6 
8% 
Total deposits
45.9 
100%
o.w. Customer deposits
44.6
Securitisation funding 
1.2
EMTN
2.1
Covered Bonds
3.3
Other 
0.1 
Total
52.5 
Credit Rating 
The Issuer’s current rating by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”) is A (stable outlook) 
for the long-term rating and A-1 for the short-term rating. 
Ratings are subject to change. Investors should look at https://www.argenta.eu/investor-relations/credit-
ratings.html for the most recent rating and for the underlying full analysis provided by Standard & Poor’s 
to understand the meaning of the rating. 
 
10  
For the avoidance of doubt, the percentages set out in this overview are rounded. As a consequence thereof, the sum of these 
differ from the (sub)total percentages displayed here.

--- Page 154 ---
154
 
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is included in the updated list of credit rating agencies 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 
September 
2009 
on 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
on 
the 
ESMA’s 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
The description of the rating can be found on the website of Standard & Poor’s. No information from such website 
is deemed to be incorporated by reference in or forms part of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer does not take any 
responsibility for the information contained in such website. 
Performance 
After a period of rising interest rates, and trailing increase of deposit betas in the financial sector, the stabilisation 
of rates since the second half of 2023 and consequent decrease during the first half of 2024 have led to a 
normalisation of the net interest income. In these circumstances, the Issuer posted robust results of EUR 128 
million after IFRIC 21 adjustment and its balance sheet grew again by EUR 2 billion to an amount of EUR 55.8 
billion. The growth of retail funding was both in Belgium and the Netherlands slightly stronger than the observed 
market evolution, as our product offering for term and fidelity accounts attracted more retail funding. 
Loan portfolio 
Activity in Belgian and Dutch mortgage markets declined in 2023 retracting from post-covid drop in volumes and 
higher interest rates. But during the first half of 2024 they got traction again. The Issuer’s gross mortgage 
production in the first half of 2024 amounted to EUR 1.4 billion in the Netherlands and EUR 1.1 billion in Belgium 
for both countries at weighted-average client tariffs of respectively 4.24% and 3.32%.  
Additionally, the portfolio remained of very good quality with low ‘Loan to Value’ (“LTV”): in general, the total 
average portfolio-LTV stabilized at 52% after years of decline, triggered by stabilizing house prices.  
The Issuer continues to adopt a conservative loan acceptance policy. At a global level, the total loan loss reserve 
decreased from EUR 63.8 million end of 2023 to EUR 62.6 million as of 30 June 2024 (including impairments 
on the investment portfolio). The main reasons for the decrease is the update of the macro-economic outlook 
influencing the stage 1 and 2 impairments on the Dutch mortgage portfolio. This led to a EUR 2.2 million decrease. 
On the Belgian mortgages, the impairments remained relatively stable over the first semester of 2024, while 
impairments on the consumer loans portfolio slightly increased with EUR 0.7 million. On the investment portfolio, 
two opposite effects levelled each other out. While the stage 2 impairments went up, driven by internal rating  
changes, the stage 1 impairments went down because of updated macro-economic outlook parameters. 
Overall, the amount of impairments is very limited relative to the Issuer’s total portfolio, demonstrated by a cost 
of risk of 0% as at 30 June 2024. The NPL ratio of the mortgage portfolio in the Netherlands remained very low, 
at 0.3% as of 30 June 2024. The Issuer’s NPL ratio in Belgium remained very low as well, at 0.6% at 30 June 
2024.  
The Issuer reported an average coverage ratio of 12% on 30 June 2024 evidencing the high quality of prime 
mortgage collateral. 
(Re)investment portfolio 
On 30 June 2024, 99% of the investment portfolio (EUR 12.2 billion including cash, coming from 13.2 at the end 
of 2023) was investment grade, 52% of the portfolio was rated AA and above, 98% of the portfolio was invested 
in the European Economic Area and investments were exclusively in euros, so no foreign exchange risk existed. 
The unrealised result of financial assets not measured at fair value through profit and loss (“P&L”) accounts was 
EUR -308 million at 30 June 2024 (meaning through other comprehensive income (“OCI”) was EUR -77 million 
at 30 June 2024 and the result at amortized cost was EUR -231 million at 30 June 2024). The Issuer continues to 
work on diversification in terms of loans to local governments, corporates and public private partnerships (“PPP”).

--- Page 155 ---
155
 
Net Interest Income, Net Interest Margin and net profit  
The following graph provides an overview of the Net Interest Income (“NII”) and the Net Interest Margin 
(“NIM”) on a half yearly basis. 
 
The Net Interest Income decreased in the first half of 2024 to EUR 337 million, mainly due to a risen retail funding 
cost in particular from the increase in retail term deposits in September last year which clients shifted to as an 
alternative for the Belgian State note offered at that time. The recurring Net Interest Income came down to 1.23%, 
coming from 1.45% in the first half of 2023. 
The below graph provides an overview of the asset management income distribution between transaction fees and 
management fees, on a half yearly basis. 
279
287
282
284
295
253
322
387
354
337
1.29% 1.31% 1.28%
1.21% 1.22%
1.01%
1.22%
1.45%
1.32%
1.23%
2H19
1H20
2H20
1H21
2H21
1H22
2H22
1H23
2H23
1H24
Net interest result (m EUR / %)
Net interest result
Net interest margin

--- Page 156 ---
156
 
 
The below graph provides an overview of the growth in assets under custody, on a half yearly basis. 
 
 
After a drop in the first half of 2022, portfolio levels recovered swiftly with a continuous rise since then. At 30 
June 2024, the total portfolio of assets under custody was at a level of EUR 14.1 billion which was a significant 
increase compared to one year before. Positive market evolution as well as new production drive this revival. In 
terms of Asset Management fee income this meant a year-over-year increase to a level of  EUR 117 million. 
In the first half of 2024, operating expenses decreased by EUR 21 million compared to the same period last year. 
This was driven by a decrease in IT change expenses following a number of years of increased investments, 
supplemented with increased management focus resulting in lower external staff, consulting and operations cost. 
In addition, an update of the intra-group allocation parameters resulted in lower expenses for the Issuer. Combined 
with a slightly lower income than in the first half of 2023, this results in a cost-income ratio of 52% at par with 
the same period in 2023, but significantly lower than the 2nd half of 2023. Bank levies increased moderately as 
the calculation base of deposits increased, which was largely compensated by a lower sectoral risk weighting on 
60
68
81
94
94
94
97
101
109
11
9
14
12
11
6
7
5
8
71
78
95
107
104
100
104
106
117
1H20
2H20
1H21
2H21
1H22
2H22
1H23
2H23
1H24
Asset Management income (mEUR)
Management fees
Transaction fees
7.0
8.2
9.8
11.1
10.1
10.4
11.2
11.9
12.8
1.1
1.2
1.3
1.3
1.1
1.1
1.3
1.2
1.2
8.1
9.4
11.1
12.4
11.2
11.5
12.5
13.2
14.1
Jun 20 Dec 20 Jun 21 Dec 21 Jun 22 Dec 22 Jun 23 Dec 23 Jun 24
Assets under custody (bn EUR)
Investment funds
Other

--- Page 157 ---
157
 
Belgian bank levies and a retroactive correction of historic SRF contributions. Excluding the impact of bank 
levies, the C/I ratio amounts to 40%.  
As can be seen in the graph below, the net result of EUR 85 million was slightly lower year-on-year mainly due 
to a higher retail funding cost, impacting the Net Interest Income negatively. 
 
Strategic vision and targets 
The Issuer offers simple and transparent products. The long-term relationship with tied agents with a focus on 
relationships and proximity has so far delivered a stable client base. Starting from these values, the Issuer’s 
emphasis for the coming years will be on: 
 
Increased digitalisation 
 
Reinforce distribution by further increasing the first banking relationship and cross-selling 
 
Better understand client needs and accelerate the move from product to client approach, 
including financial planning 
 
Educational programs and quality certification for tied agents 
 
Income diversification 
 
More sophisticated advice to affluent clients 
 
Reinforced cost containment efforts. 
The following table presents certain of the Issuer’s key long-term targets. These targets are not forecasts or 
predictions of future performance. These targets are based on levels of performance that management believe are 
reasonable and achievable. They may be amended at any time. Actual performance is subject to many factors, 
including general economic and other factors which are beyond the Issuer’s control, including those set out in 
53 
128 
37 
159 
91 
152 
85 
1H21
2H21
1H22
2H22
1H23
2H23
1H24
Net result (m EUR) and RoE (%) (1)
Net result
RoE (Annualised)
7.9%
8.2%
9.8%
9.4%

--- Page 158 ---
158
 
“Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, there is no guarantee that such targets will be 
met, and meeting or exceeding the targets in any financial period does not mean that such targets will be met in 
future periods. Failure to meet any of these financial targets on a continuing basis may have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
Issuer’s quantitative targets 
31 December 2023 
30 June 2024 
Target 
Return on Equity 
9.8%
9.4%1
>8%
Leverage ratio
4.8%
4.8%
>5%
Cost/Income Ratio
56%
52%
<55%
CET1 ratio
22.0%
26.9%
>18% 
Total Capital ratio
22.0%
26.9%
>20%
Net Interest Margin (NIM)
1.38%
1.23%
>1.25%
Net Stable Funding Ratio
140%
146%
>132%
Liquidity Coverage Ratio
219%
242%
>150%
 
1 Adjusted for IFRIC 21 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
General 
Professional and comprehensive risk management are an essential prerequisite for sustainable, profitable growth. 
The Argenta Group recognises this and views risk management as one of its core activities.  
The risk management framework is constantly updated and adjusted on the basis of new regulations, daily 
experiences and changes in Argenta Group’s activities, including changes resulting from sustainable choices made 
by Argenta Group entities (and which always tie in with Argenta Group’s activities as a bank-insurer). 
Demonstrating that adequate risk management procedures are in place is a key condition for acquiring and 
retaining the trust of all stakeholders: customers, investors, branch managers (tied agents), supervisory authorities 
and rating agencies, as well as directors, managers and employees. 
Risk management consists of managing risks, comprising the cycle of identifying, evaluating, managing and 
monitoring risks to which the Argenta Group or one of the Argenta Group entities can be exposed. This risk 
management is based on: 
(a) a clearly described management strategy that is consistent with the overall corporate strategy of the 
Argenta Group (including the Issuer). The objectives and fundamentals of that strategy, the approved 
risk tolerance limits and the division of responsibilities between all the activities of the Argenta Group 
are established in charters and related documents; 
(b) a Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”) that is strongly embedded in the business plan process cycle: filling 
in the risk appetite matrix, translation into proactive RAF targets, testing against the business plan 
iterations and, finally, risk assessment.  
(c) a direct link that exists between the RAF risk indicators and, on the one hand, the International Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process (“ICAAP”) and the International Liquidity Adequacy Assessment 
Process (“ILAAP”) for the Issuer and, on the other hand, the policy documents via the further translation 
into operational risk limits; 
(d) a well-defined procedure for the decision-making process, including a hierarchy of limits and an 
escalation framework; 
(e) written policies that effectively describe and classify by category the material risks to which the Argenta 
Group is exposed, and which specify the approved risk tolerance limits for each risk category. These

--- Page 159 ---
159
 
policies implement Argenta Group’s risk strategy, provide for control mechanisms and take into account 
the nature, scope and timing of the business activities, as well as the associated risks; 
(f) reporting procedures and processes that ensure that the information on the risks to which Argenta Group 
(or any of its entities) is exposed and the effectiveness of the risk management system are actively 
monitored and analysed, and that appropriate changes are made to the system if necessary. This also 
includes processes (e.g. RAF - reporting and specific dashboards) for establishing any deterioration of 
the financial and non-financial risk conditions and for informing the relevant stakeholders, including the 
regulator, immediately when such a deterioration occurs; and 
(g) co-ordination between the independent control functions Compliance, Risk Management, Actuarial 
function and Internal Audit, which are centrally organised at Argenta Group level. 
Governance 
The strategy and long-term policy of all entities within the Argenta Group are determined by the executive 
committee and board of directors of the Parent. The two main subsidiaries, the Issuer and its sister entity Aras, 
are responsible for the operational management within their own areas of competence as established in the 
Memorandum of Internal Governance.  
The executive committees of the Issuer, Aras and the Parent are integrated, with a number of members in common: 
the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). The 
Chief Operating Officer Retail (CO Retail), Chief Information Officer (CIO), Chief Officer Affluent & 
Professionals and CEO Netherlands work for both the Issuer and Aras, but not for the Parent.  
This unity of management highlights the importance of a commercial, risk and financial strategy that is 
harmonised group-wide, with an emphasis on the long-term relationship with both customers and the 
self-employed branch managers.  
Group risk management takes place, in addition to the independent Internal Audit, Actuarial and Compliance 
control functions, mainly at Argenta Group level. The risk management function supervises and controls the first 
line in respect of risk management and provides supporting risk advice. This function is performed by the Risk & 
Validation department and the NFRM&SO (Non Financial Risk Management & Supervisory Office) department 
under the hierarchical responsibility and supervision of the CRO. Along with second-line control, risk model 
validation is one of the core activities of the Risk & Validation department. 
Relevant risk management bodies and control functions are:  
(a) The Group Risk Committee (“GRC”) is responsible for discussing, monitoring and managing the various 
identified risks. The Group Risk Committee deals monthly with a number of themes, e.g. financial 
including capital risks, model risk, retail credit risk and non-financial risks including compliance risk, to 
achieve better coordination, monitoring, follow-up, awareness-raising, adjustment and policy preparation 
at the various risk levels; 
(b) The Asset & Liability Committee (“Alco”) is responsible for monitoring and managing the risks (interest, 
liquidity and investment portfolio) that impact the current and future profits and capital position with the 
exception of insurance risks which are managed by the Insurance Risk Committee; 
(c) Alco is assisted by the Investment Committee (“IO”), the Hedging Committee (“HO”), the Rating 
Committee (“RO”) and the Covered Bond Expert Committee (“CBEO”); and 
(d) The Insurance Risk Committee (“VRC”) is responsible for discussing, monitoring and managing the 
underwriting risks.

--- Page 160 ---
160
 
Argenta Group operates as a bank-insurer and asset manager. As such it is exposed to various risks. The group 
risk management distinguishes amongst others between credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, climate risk and 
operational risk. The risk management policy and attendant organisational structure are designed to ensure that 
the identified risks are always properly identified, analysed, measured, monitored and managed. For an overview 
of such risks, Noteholders are invited to consult the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity risk management 
Liquidity risk is the risk of loss, or of an adverse change in the financial situation, as a direct or indirect 
consequence of insufficient liquidity being available to meet financial obligations. This may be the result of: 
(a) an unexpected prolongation of the outstanding receivables, e.g. a loan default; 
(b) the risk, in the Bank Pool, of a greater portion of credit lines being drawn down or more savings deposits 
being withdrawn; 
(c) the risk, in Aras, that payment obligations increase owing to a rising number of claim events, or early 
retirements or surrenders, as a result of which Aras is unable to meet its payment obligations; 
(d) the risk that the necessary financing transactions cannot be undertaken (or can be undertaken only at 
disadvantageous conditions); and 
(e) the risk that assets can be liquidated only at a severe mark-down, owing to a shortage of interested 
counterparties on the market. 
The liquidity management and the liquidity risk management of the Bank Pool are centralised at the Issuer. 
The Asset and Liability Committee (“Alco”) monitors the liquidity indicators on a permanent basis. The 
management framework is clearly defined and detailed in the financial risk policy and underlying standards and 
procedures. First-line responsibility for the measuring, monitoring, checking and reporting of the liquidity risk 
lies with the Asset and Liability Management (“ALM”) department. The second-line responsibility lies with the 
Risk department. The management of the liquidity position falls under the authority of the Treasury department. 
For measuring, monitoring, checking and reporting on the liquidity risk, the Issuer has a specially adapted 
management information system (“MIS”), including a contingency plan, in order to be able to adequately manage 
its liquidity in both normal and exceptional circumstances. In addition to the extensive regulatory reporting, 
extensive internal reporting has also been developed. In this way, management and stakeholders are aware of the 
evolving situation. 
The daily liquidity management, the definition of additional Early Warning Indicators (“EWIs”), operational 
limits or flashing lights, and the organisation of stress tests are included in the Liquidity Contingency Plan. Daily 
funding reports are distributed to a broad target group within the Issuer. 
The liquidity risk appetite is managed in the Issuer’s RAF by flashing light levels on three risk indicators, namely: 
(a) The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) tests the liquidity buffer against a pre-defined net outflow of 
financial liabilities over a 30 day period; 
(b) The Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) compares available liquidity against required liquidity over at 
least one year; and 
(c) The Asset Encumbrance Ratio (“AER”) compares the amount of unencumbered assets with the volume 
of protected deposits;

--- Page 161 ---
161
 
In addition to the aforementioned RAF indicators, further EWIs, operational limits and flashing lights have been 
defined internally. 
In 2015, the NBB established minimum thresholds for the AER, the height of which is a function of the importance 
of protected deposits within a bank’s overall funding structure. As a category 2 bank, the Issuer is required to 
respect a minimum threshold of 90% (recovery plan) and 95% (flashing light) (total balance sheet Aspa solo/DGS 
eligible deposits) within the strict application of the AER. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s consolidated LCR stood at 242%, and its NSFR was 146%.  
As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s AER within the strict application stood at 110.9% and at 115.9% within the 
broader application. The AER is only monitored on a non-consolidated basis. 
The daily liquidity management, the definition of EWIs, and the organisation of stress tests are described in the 
Liquidity Contingency Plan. 
Daily reports on the funding situation are distributed to a wide target audience, including all members of the 
Executive Committee. Discussion on the liquidity indicators is a fixed agenda item for the monthly Alco meeting. 
Overall, senior management is involved in liquidity management on a continuous basis. 
Market risk management 
Interest rate risk  
The principal market risk is the Issuer’s interest rate risk, which primarily results from changes in market prices 
on investments and liabilities, unexpected changes in investment yields and changes in the correlation between 
the interest rates of various financial instruments. 
As a financial services group headed by a mixed financial holding, both the earnings and the capital position of 
the Argenta Group are subject to fluctuations caused by market risks. Interest rate fluctuations affect the return 
that the Argenta Group earns on fixed interest investments, and can also affect the value of the Argenta Group’s 
investment portfolio. The professional management of these market risks (considering the specific strategic 
positioning of the Issuer as a savings bank), is mainly geared towards the judicious management of interest rate 
risk as the principal component of market risk. 
The Alco is responsible for monitoring the interest rate risk. It carries specific responsibilities for monitoring the 
daily management of the financial position, on which it reports to the Executive Committee. It has a permanent 
remit to maintain both the income sensitivity of the Net Interest Income and the market-value sensitivity of equity 
within set limits. 
In its risk measurement and management, the Alco takes into account the various components of the interest rate 
risk contained in the balance sheet of the Issuer. These include the repricing risk (risk from interest rate mismatch 
between assets and liabilities), the yield curve risk (risk from non-parallel movement of the interest rate curve), 
the option risk (risk from the implicit and explicit options on the balance sheet) and the basic risk (risk arising 
from the use of various reference indexes on the basis of which the asset and liabilities products are repriced). 
This option risk set out above includes both the risk deriving from explicit options (interest rate caps, swaptions 
and interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk) and implicit options (related to the mortgage loan portfolio). 
In the ALM department these risks are monitored and managed by means of scenario analysis. 
In order to keep market sensitivity within the risk appetite approved by the Board of Directors for the Issuer and 
within the legal limits, endogenous and exogenous, ALM hedges are concluded. In endogenous hedging, the 
control is exercised via the duration of the asset and liability balance sheet items. Exogenous hedging involves 
using derivative instruments to manage the interest rate risk. This exogenous hedging serves to supplement the

--- Page 162 ---
162
 
permanent aim of a maximally endogenous management of the balance sheet. The combination of endogenous 
and additional exogenous ALM hedging ensures that the Issuer’s commercial strategy fits entirely within the 
approved RAF. 
For strategic reasons, the Argenta Group intends to diversify its dependence on interest income and interest rate 
trends. For this reason, a greater emphasis is being placed on fee business, particularly the sale of off-balance 
sheet products, where the financial risk is borne by the client. The addition of fee business (or “Investments”) as 
a key market sector, alongside “Savings and payments”, “Loans” and “Insurance”, diversifies the Issuer’s income 
and improves its earnings quality. 
Spread widening risk 
The return on the investment portfolio is largely determined by the credit spread earned on the investments made. 
The evolution and fluctuations of the credit spread are often market driven and determined by factors other than 
those relating to the creditworthiness of the Issuer. These market risk factors induce spread widening risk.  
Alongside the pure interest rate, they are the main driver of asset returns and the economic value of the investment 
portfolio.  
The pursuit of a cautious investment policy, frequent monitoring of the fluctuations in the economic value of the 
investment portfolio and measuring the sensitivity of changes in credit spreads are therefore important pillars of 
healthy portfolio management.  
The conduct of a sound investment policy is guided by a strict investment framework that determines, based on 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the permissible investment level and maximum maturity. This investment policy 
is shaped by a thorough analysis of the credit sectors and investment files and an active screening of market 
opportunities.  
The evolution of the market value of the investment portfolio is monitored in the Alco. Credit spread sensitivity 
is calculated and monitored in the ICAAP and Own Risk & Solvency Assessment Process (“ORSA”) framework 
and the credit quality of the investments is checked against asset quality limits defined in the RAF. 
Equity risk 
From a strategic allocation perspective, equities complement the existing bond and loan portfolios and are 
intended to optimise the risk return profile of the portfolio. Within the investment framework and subject to 
compliance with strict investment criteria, the Issuer has the possibility to take equity positions into its investment 
portfolio. The equity portfolio of the Issuer at 30 June 2022 was immaterial relative to the Issuer’s own funds and 
balance sheet total. 
Property risk 
The evolution of real estate prices has an influence on lending to individuals and also influences the credit risk 
through the giving of property as collateral. As a mortgage provider, the Issuer owns a concentration in lending 
to private individuals in Belgium and the Netherlands, more particularly in the form of retail mortgage lending. 
This makes the Issuer dependent on developments in the housing market.  
In addition, the investment framework allows a portfolio of indirect investment properties to be maintained. These 
are not investments in buildings but loans to counterparties operating in real estate, within the context of a cautious 
credit policy. Within this limited framework, loans are granted to real estate counterparties. 
These real estate investments are managed within a rigorous risk management framework, including limits on 
investment types and concentration.

--- Page 163 ---
163
 
Currency risk 
The Argenta Group only operates in the Benelux countries, holding investments that are exclusively denominated 
in euro, which explains the absence of currency risk. There is no intention to take positions in currencies other 
than euro in the near future. 
Credit risk management 
Credit risk is the risk of loss, or of adverse change in the financial situation, as a direct or indirect consequence of 
a decline in the creditworthiness of issuers (or guarantors) of securities, of counterparties and of debtors. 
This risk arises in both traditional lending and in investment activities (other interest-bearing assets). It is linked 
to a large part to the Issuer’s activities.  
For the Issuer, there are essentially three segments of importance for credit risk: (i) the retail market and in 
particular the retail mortgage lending market (in both Belgium and the Netherlands), (ii) the investment portfolio, 
and (iii) the portfolio of loans to local and regional authorities and (selectively) to corporates. Credit risk 
management is therefore focused on these three segments. 
In the retail segment, the Issuer’s target group consists of individuals, families, self-employed persons and 
professionals having their usual place of residence in Belgium or the Netherlands and wishing to take out loans 
for mainly non-professional purposes. 
The most important elements of risk management are the Acceptance and Authorisation Framework for granting 
of loans, including set limits for creditworthiness, monitoring procedures and a monthly follow-up of the credit 
risk indicators. 
The non-retail investment framework focuses on strong counterparty quality, with a focus on diversification into 
investments in companies, in indirect real estate and in positions in securities issued by or loans to local authorities 
and public sector entities. 
The application and practical implementation of the investment policy is also supported by the Investment 
Committee, in which representatives of the Executive Committee (in the case of escalation), Treasury and 
Investment Management and the Credit Risk Analysis department in the first line, and Risk in the second line, 
discuss and decide on investment issues. 
The internal investment framework establishes which bonds and which ratings may be considered for investment. 
The ratings of all fixed-income securities are then systematically monitored. If, after purchase, the rating of a bond 
drops below the set minimum rating requirement, the bonds concerned will be discussed again by the Alco and 
the RO. The Alco, and consequently the Issuer’s Executive Committee, must then make an explicit judgment on 
whether or not to maintain the position. The positions maintained are also reported to the Risk Committee of the 
board of directors. 
The Issuer has opted, for its mortgage lending, subject to non-material exceptions, and for banking and corporate 
counterparties, to use internal ratings and to calculate its own capital requirements using the Internal Ratings 
Based (Foundation) method (“IRB(F) method”). This means that a risk category is assigned to each loan when 
granted. To this end, the Bank Pool has, where applicable, itself developed models. A distinction is made between 
models for the probability of default (“PD”) and the loss given default (“LGD”). For the retail credit portfolios, 
for which an internal rating based system has been selected, both a PD model and an LGD model have been 
developed. Every month, the PD and LGD models are applied to the total mortgage loan portfolio in order to 
calculate the capital requirement for unforeseen losses. For banking and corporate counterparties, this is a 
Foundation Internal Ratings Based (“FIRB”) approach, where only a PD model has been developed.  
Climate risk management

--- Page 164 ---
164
 
As a result of the publication of the ECB’s “Guide on climate-related and environmental risks – Supervisory 
expectations relating to risk management and disclosure”, the Issuer has defined an action plan to integrate climate 
risk in its existing risk governance framework. The Issuer is in the process of finalising the implementation of this 
action plan and has taken important steps in incorporating climate-related and environmental risks as drivers of 
existing risk categories in the Issuer’s risk management framework, and identifying and qualifying these risk 
within the overall processes of ensuring capital adequacy (stress-testing). 
Non-financial risk management 
In addition to liquidity risk, market risk, credit risk and climate risk the risk cartography as to financial risks 
contains 8 risk types, including capital risk, business risk, model risk and underwriting risk (the latter solely for 
the insurance company).  
All businesses carrying out activities of any kind have to contend with non-financial risks. Financial institutions 
and groups, such as the Argenta Group, are no exception.  
The Argenta Group’s activities depend on the ability to process a very large number of transactions efficiently, 
accurately and in accordance with internal policies and external legislation and regulations. Non-financial risks 
and losses result from inadequate or failed internal processes (such as processes not aligned with the legal 
requirements), human actions (including fraud and employee errors) and systems (such as system failure) or due 
to external events (such as natural disasters or malfunctions of external systems, including those of the Argenta 
Group’s suppliers or counterparties). The impact may consist of financial or reputational loss.  
The fairly limited number of products and services of the Issuer and Aras allows the non-financial risks to be kept 
limited. Although the Argenta Group has taken measures to control the risks and limit any losses, as well as 
earmarking substantial funds for the development of efficient procedures and staff training, it is impossible to 
implement procedures that allow the Argenta Group to exclude all these non-financial risks in a completely 
effective manner. Within the overall RAF these risks too are managed in a structured way.  
The risk appetite and risk appetite statements for non-financial risks with risk limits is an integral part of the Non-
Financial Risk Management (“NFRM”) policy (including the calculation of capital requirement for operational 
risks, with complementary scenario analyses performed here). 
The quarterly reporting on non-financial risks includes at least the following elements:  
Operational incidents occurring and producing financial and/or reputational loss are recorded in an incident & 
loss database (Pentana), classified by department, sub-domain, activity, Basel risk category and cause. 
Non financial risks are moreover actively tracked using a set of “Risk Profiles” based on the risk cartography 
(containing 12 NFR risk types being sourcing risk, human resources risk, information security & cyber risk, 
compliance risk, legal (including regulatory) risk, fraud risk, data management risk, strategic & change risk, 
business continuity risk, brand (including reputational) & sustainability risk, IT risk and process risk) and 
additional “Key Risk Indicators”, which are evaluated quarterly at the Group Risk Committee Non Financial Risk 
(“GRC NFR”) and (gradually) included in the RAF reporting. In accordance with Argenta’s Governance 
Memorandum and Policy on Non Financial Risks, these risks are reported to and discussed at the GRC NFR, the 
ExCom and the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. 
At least once a year each department within the Argenta Group formally evaluates its internal control maturity 
(“COSO evaluation”). The maturity score is obtained by completing the COSO questionnaire (supported by 
requested supporting documents). COSO is the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the Treadway 
Commission. The questionnaire is based on the international COSO framework and asks questions about the 
various COSO components, including control environment, risk management and control measures. This COSO 
maturity score also forms the basis for one of the qualitative RAF limits.

--- Page 165 ---
165
 
In addition, every year a scenario analysis is done, where Executive Committee members define general business-
wide scenarios that can have a major impact on the entities of the Argenta Group. These scenarios are used for 
the calculation of capital under ICAAP and ORSA. 
Strategic risk 
Strategic risk is the risk of loss or of adverse change in the financial situation as a direct or indirect result of 
business decisions, implementation of decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changing market conditions (both 
commercial and financial).  
The Argenta Group makes resources available for achieving the strategic objectives as defined in the business 
strategy. These resources include communication channels, systems, human resources, networks, and 
management time and skills. The strategic goals are defined by the executive committee, approved by the board 
of directors, and monitored on a regular basis.  
The ultimate fulfilment of the business strategy depends on the adequacy of the resources made available and on 
the way these resources are used. 
Reputational risk 
The Argenta Group is constantly exposed to the risk of loss or of adverse change in its financial situation resulting, 
directly or indirectly, from changes in its reputation or standing caused by an altered perception of its image by 
its various stakeholders (including customers, counterparties, shareholders and regulators).  
Regulatory risk 
The regulatory risk is the risk of loss or adverse change in the financial situation, as a direct or indirect result of 
future legislative or regulatory changes. Wherever it operates, the Argenta Group and its entities are subject to the 
laws, regulations, administrative measures and policy regulations governing the provision of financial services.  
Changes in the supervisory framework and regulations may affect the activities, products and services that the 
entities of the Argenta Group offer or the value of its assets. Although the entities of the Argenta Group work in 
close dialogue with the regulators and continuously monitor the situation and future changes to the regulations, 
policy here can be unpredictable. 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Introduction 
The Belgian Banking Law puts a lot of emphasis on a solid and efficient organisation of credit institutions, and 
introduces a dual governance structure at management level, specialised advisory committees within the board of 
directors (audit committee, risk committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee), independent 
control functions, and strict remuneration policies (including limits on the amount of variable remuneration, the 
form and timing for vesting and payment of variable remuneration, as well as claw-back mechanics). 
The Belgian Banking Law makes a fundamental distinction between the management of banking activities, which 
is within the competence of the executive committee, and the supervision of management and the definition of 
the credit institution’s general and risk policy, which is entrusted to the board of directors. In accordance with the 
Belgian Banking Law, the Issuer has an executive committee of which each member is also a member of the board 
of directors. 
Pursuant to the Belgian Banking Law, the members of the executive committee and the board of directors as well 
as the executive committee and the board of directors as a whole need to permanently have the required 
professional reliability and appropriate experience. The same goes for the responsible persons of the independent 
control functions. The fit and proper standards have been further elaborated by the NBB in a Circular of 18

--- Page 166 ---
166
 
September 2018 (Circular NBB_2018_25 / Suitability of directors, members of the management committee, 
responsible persons of independent control functions and senior managers of financial institutions) and the NBB’s 
“Fit & Proper Handbook”, which was last updated on 20 December 2022. On 2 July 2021, the European Banking 
Authority (the “EBA”) and ESMA published their revised final joint Guidelines on the assessment of the 
suitability of members of the management body and key function holders, taking into account the amendments 
introduced by the revised Capital Requirements Directive (the “CRD V”) and the Investment Firms Directive (the 
“IFD”), and their effect on the assessment of the suitability of members of the management body, in particular 
with regard to money laundering and financing terrorism risks, and gender diversity. These new guidelines have 
been transposed by the NBB by virtue of two Circulars of 16 November 2021 (Circular NBB_2021_27 / EBA 
Guidelines of 2 July 2021 on the assessment of the suitability of members of the management body and key 
function holders; Circular NBB_2021_28 / EBA Guidelines of 2 July 2021 on internal governance under Directive 
2013/36/EU). These new guidelines have applied to competent authorities across the EU as well as to institutions 
(including the Issuer) on a solo and consolidated basis since 31 December 2021. 
Although it is incumbent first and foremost upon the financial institutions themselves to select and retain the right 
people, the suitability assessment is part of the prudential supervision carried out by the NBB and, where 
applicable, the ECB. 
Board of directors 
The boards of directors of the companies of the Argenta Group have similar structures. They include in each case: 
 
the members of the executive committee of the company concerned (the executive directors); 
 
a number of independent directors; and 
 
a number of directors representing the family shareholder (together with the independent directors, the 
non-executive directors). 
The number of directors for each board of directors should, preferably, not exceed fifteen. 
Members of the board of directors must be natural persons. 
In principle, directors’ mandates are for six years and are renewable. The following age limits apply to directors: 
 
executive directors are legally required to resign on reaching the age of 65; 
 
non-executive directors resign automatically on reaching the age of 70 years; 
 
directors reaching the age limits may continue to exercise their mandates until a successor is appointed. 
The board of directors are composed in such a way that none of the three groups (the directors representing the 
family shareholder, the independent directors and directors who are members of the Executive Committee) are in 
the majority, whereas the non-executive directors (being the directors representing the family shareholder together 
with the independent directors) are in the majority. 
The independent directors are appointed in view of attracting competences in the core activities of the Argenta 
Group, being banking and insurance. Independent directors must demonstrate extensive experience in at least one 
of these core areas, in the course of former or current employment. They must meet all the requirements as 
stipulated in Article 7:87, §1 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen 
en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations).  
The boards of directors of the Parent, the Issuer and Aras have a number of independent directors. At least one 
independent director of the Issuer is not a director in Aras, and likewise.

--- Page 167 ---
167
 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors of the Issuer consists of 16 directors, as listed below: 
 
Name 
 
 
Function 
 
 
Expiry 
date 
of 
current 
term 
of 
office 
External 
mandates 
(outside 
the 
Issuer)
 
 
Marc van Heel  
Chairman 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2029
Chairman of the Parent; and 
Chairman of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
Bart Van Rompuy Non-executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2026 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV;  
Director of Investar NV; and 
Director of the Parent.
Baudouin Thomas Independent 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2024 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV;  
Manager of BTH Consulting BV;  
Director Tender Experts BV (as permanent 
representative of BTH Consulting BV);  
Director Reimagine (as permanent representative of 
BTH Consulting BV); and 
Director of the Parent.
Raf Vanderstichele Independent 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2024
Director of the Parent; and 
Manager of Korora BV;  
Cynthia Van Hulle Non-executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of October 
2026 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV;  
Director of Argenta Coöperatieve CV;  
Director of WDP NV; and 
Director of Miko NV. 
Marie-Anne 
Haegeman 
Non-executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2025 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV; and 
Director of Euroclear Bank NV. 
Caroline Thijssen 
Independent 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2029 
Director of the Parent; 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV; 
Manager of CT Impact BV/SRL; 
Director 
of 
Etex 
SA/NV 
(as 
permanent 
representative of CT Impact); and 
Member of the Supervisory Board of VP Capital 
NV (as permanent representative of CT Impact).

--- Page 168 ---
168
 
Rudi Peeters 
Non-executive 
director 
 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2030 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties; 
Manager of Rudann BV;  
Director of Colruyt Group NV (as permanent 
representative of  Rudann BV); and 
Director of Torfs Import Service NV; (as permanent 
representative of CT Impact).
Veerle 
Timmermans 
Independent 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2030 
Manager of 2 Times a Lady BV; and  
Director of Externe dienst voor preventie en 
bescherming 
Securex 
VZW 
(as 
permanent 
representative of 2 Times a Lady BV).
Peter Devlies 
Executive 
director  
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2028 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV; and 
Chairman of Argenta Asset Management SA. 
Geert Ameloot 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2028 
Director of the Parent; and 
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
Gert Wauters 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2028 
Director of the Parent;  
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV; and 
Director of Argenta Asset Management SA. 
Ann Brands 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2028
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
 
Brigitte Buyle 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2028
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
Agnita Deweerdt 
Executive 
director 
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2029
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV; and 
Director of Argenta Asset Management SA. 
Sander Blommaert Executive 
director  
General 
shareholders 
meeting of 2029
Director of Argenta Assuranties NV. 
The business address for the members of the board of directors is Belgiëlei 49-53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium.

--- Page 169 ---
169
 
Executive committee 
The executive committee of the Parent stipulates the limits within which the various companies of the Argenta 
Group can operate and exercise their responsibilities. 
The executive committee of the Parent consists of a Chairman of the Executive Committee (CEO), a Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO) and a Chief Risk Officer (CRO). The executive committee of the Issuer currently consists 
of a Chairman of the Executive committee (CEO), a Chief Financial Officer (CFO), a Chief Risk Officer (CRO), 
a Chief Operations Officer Retail (CO Retail), a Chief Information Officer (CIO), a Chief Officer Affluent & 
Professionals (CO Affluent & Professionals) and CEO Netherlands. These seven members are also part of, and 
exercise the same functions in, the executive committee of Aras. Policy decisions related to corporate social 
responsibility (including economic, environmental and social impact) are monitored directly by the CEO.  
The executive committees of the Parent, the Issuer and Aras are composed of executive directors with considerable 
banking and/or insurance experience, or a considerable training and/or experience in relation to bank management, 
as well as management skills. 
The Issuer’s executive committee consists of the following members: 
 
Peter Devlies, CEO; 
Geert Ameloot, CFO; 
Gert Wauters, CRO; 
Ann Brands, CO Retail; 
Brigitte Buyle, CIO; 
Agnita Deweerdt, CO Affluent & Professionals; 
Sander Blommaert, CEO Netherlands. 
The business address for the members of the Executive Committee is Belgiëlei 49-53, 2018 Antwerp, Belgium. 
Audit and risk committees 
Argenta Group has separate audit and risk committees within the respective boards of directors of the Issuer and 
Aras. At the Issuer, both committees are chaired by an independent non-executive director not belonging to the 
board of directors of Aras.  
The group level control functions of the Parent are overseen by the Issuer’s Audit Committee and Risk Committee 
set up within its board of directors. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s audit committee consists of the following members: 
 
Raf Vanderstichele (chairman); 
Rudi Peeters; and 
Baudouin Thomas. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s risk committee consists of the following members: 
 
Baudouin Thomas (chairman); 
Raf Vanderstichele; 
Rudi Peeters; and 
Veerle Timmermans.

--- Page 170 ---
170
 
Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee 
One Remuneration committee and one Nomination committee are active within the Argenta Group. These are set 
up within the board of directors of Argenta Group. Based on a waiver granted by the supervisory authority, they 
operate at group level. No separate nomination committees have been set up within the boards of directors of 
either the Issuer or Aras. 
The Remuneration Committee is composed of a chairman and two members and advises on the remuneration 
policy of the members of the board of directors, of those employees whose professional activities can have a 
material impact on the Argenta Group (the “identified staff”) and on that of all other employees of the Argenta 
Group. It monitors the evolution of compensation within the Argenta Group, ensures that the remuneration policy 
promotes a solid risk culture and makes general recommendations to the board of directors. For this, it also 
examines annually whether the remuneration of the employees and staff within the Argenta Group is in line with 
the remuneration policy. 
The Nominations Committee is composed of a chairman and two members and is tasked with assisting the boards 
of directors of the different companies of the Argenta Group, advising them on assuming their responsibilities and 
on taking the necessary decisions with regard to the composition, structure and functioning of the board and of 
the executive committee. For this, the Nominations Committee examines the performance of the Boards of 
directors and of the executive committees of the companies of the Argenta Group, as well as the performance of 
the individual members, and prepares the succession planning in the two bodies. 
The Group Oversight Committee 
The Argenta Group has a Group Oversight Committee at the level of the Parent. The committee is chaired by 
Caroline Thijssen.  
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group Oversight Committee consists of the following members: 
Caroline Thijssen (chairperson); 
Marc van Heel; and 
Bart Van Rompuy. 
Banking Supervision 
Introduction 
The Issuer is a duly licensed Belgian credit institution, and is under the supervision of the National Bank of 
Belgium (the “NBB”) for prudential matters, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the “FSMA”) 
with regard to conduct of business rules and financial market supervision, and the European Central Bank (the 
“ECB”) acting as the supervisory authority for prudential supervision of significant financial institutions. 
Supervision and regulatory framework 
The regulatory framework relevant to the Issuer includes: 
 
The prudential requirements under Basel III, which have been implemented in the EU through the 
adoption of Regulation (EC) nr. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRR I”) and Directive 
2013/36/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD 
IV”), and more recently by Directive (EU) 2019/878 amending the CRD IV (the “CRD V” and the CRD 
IV, as amended, the “Capital Requirements Directive” or “CRD”) and Regulation (EU) 2019/876

--- Page 171 ---
171
 
amending the CRR (the “CRR II” and the CRR I as amended, the “Capital Requirements Regulation” 
or “CRR”).  
 
Regulation (EC) nr. 1024/2013 of the Council of 15 October 2013 conferring specific tasks on the ECB 
concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (“Single Supervisory 
Mechanism” or “SSM”) conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions. Under the SSM, the ECB has assumed certain supervisory 
responsibilities in relation to the Issuer, which were previously handled by the NBB. The ECB may 
interpret the applicable banking regulations, or exercise discretions given to the regulator under the 
applicable banking regulations, in a different manner than the NBB. 
 
Regulation 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform 
rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and the Council (“Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation” or “SRMR”). The Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation entered into force 
on 19 August 2014 and applies to credit institutions which fall under the supervision of the ECB (i.e., 
including the Issuer). The SRMR has established a Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) which, since 1 
January 2016, is the authority in charge of vetting resolution plans and carrying out the resolution of a 
credit institution that is failing or likely to fail. The Single Resolution Board will act in close cooperation 
with the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the national resolution authorities 
(including the resolution college of the NBB within the meaning of Article 21ter of the Act of 22 February 
1998 establishing the organic statute of the National Bank of Belgium). The Single Resolution Board 
established by Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 
2014 together with the resolution college of the NBB (where applicable) and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the bail-in power from time to time (including the 
Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation) is hereinafter referred to as the “Relevant Resolution 
Authority”. Moreover, the SRMR established a Single Resolution Fund (“SRF”) which will be built up 
with contributions of the banking sector to provide funding support for the resolution of credit 
institutions. The overall aim of the SRMR is to ensure an orderly resolution of failing banks with minimal 
costs to taxpayers and the real economy. 
 
Directive 2014/59/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, which provides for 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (“BRRD”), 
implemented in Belgian law through the Belgian Banking Law. The aim of the BRRD is to provide 
supervisory and resolution authorities with common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-
emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses. 
 
Furthermore, changes are also being made to the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). 
The Basel III post-crisis reforms (announced end of 2017 and commonly referred to as Basel IV or Basel 3.1) 
have been partially implemented into the CRR and the CRD by the CRD V and CRR II, and will be further 
transposed upon the adoption of the CRD VI and CRR III proposals, which form part of the 2021 Banking Package 
(as defined below). In the event that the European authorities when transposing Basel IV were to deviate from 
this final agreement, the Issuer’s solvency position could be impacted. In the event that the separate discussions 
at the level of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision regarding sovereign and public exposures were to 
lead to an agreement on these matters, this could also materially affect the Issuer’s capital requirements. 
CRD requires the Issuer to meet targets set for the Basel III liquidity related ratios, comprising (i) the liquidity 
coverage ratio (“LCR”), which requires a bank to hold an adequate stock of unencumbered high-quality liquid 
assets (“HQLA”) that can be converted into cash easily and immediately sold in private markets to meet its 
liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day liquidity stress scenario; and (ii) the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) which

--- Page 172 ---
172
 
is calculated as the ratio of an institution’s amount of available stable funding over its amount of required stable 
funding. Any failure of the Issuer to meet the liquidity ratios could result in administrative actions or sanctions or 
it ultimately being subject to a resolution action. As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s consolidated LCR stood at 
242%, and its NSFR was 146%. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission has adopted a review of the CRR and the CRD (the “2021 
Banking Package”) in order to ensure that European banks become more resilient to potential future economic 
shocks, while contributing to Europe’s recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the transition to climate 
neutrality. Among the changes introduced by the CRR III proposal are new rules for the calculation of risked 
weighted assets for credit risk, market risk, credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk, operational risk, and for the 
calculation of the leverage ratio, as well as the introduction of a so-called output floor, which sets a lower limit to 
the capital requirements that are produced by institutions’ internal models calculated as a percentage of the own 
funds requirements that would apply on the basis of standardised approaches. The CRD VI proposal introduces, 
among other things, new rules on the management of ESG risks by credit institutions.  
On 26 June 2023, a provisional agreement was reached between the Council and the European Parliament on the 
CRD VI and CRR III proposals. The new rules of the CRR III are expected to apply from 1 January 2025, with 
certain elements of the regulation phasing in gradually, while the CRD VI would have to be transposed by member 
states by 30 June 2026. The changes introduced by the CRD VI and CRR III proposals may result in increased 
capital requirements for the Issuer, and further capital increases may be difficult or costly to obtain.  
In December 2023, the preparatory bodies of the Council and the European Parliament have endorsed the 2021 
Banking Package. The text is subject to a final vote by the European Parliament before publication in the Official 
Journal. The new CRR rules are expected to apply as from 1 January 2025 and the new CRD rules are expected 
to apply as from autumn 2026. 
On 27 February 2024 the European Parliament adopted the legislative resolution on the proposal for a directive 
of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 
as regards certain aspects of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. 
Belgian Banking Law 
The Belgian Banking Law implements various European Directives and Regulations, including but not limited to 
CRD IV and BRRD, as well as various measures which have been introduced since the financial crisis.  
The Issuer is required to meet certain capital and liquidity requirements under CRD. Such requirements have been 
gradually phased in and have an impact on the Issuer and its operations, as it imposes higher capital requirements. 
Any failure of the Issuer to maintain such increased capital and liquidity ratios could result in administrative 
actions or sanctions. 
The counter-cyclical capital buffer, which aims to protect the Issuer against future losses, while maintaining the 
extension of credit to the economy and avoiding the build-up of systemic risk, is determined on a quarterly basis 
by the NBB, based on indicators specified in the Belgian Banking Law. The NBB decided to set the 
countercyclical buffer percentage at 1% for Belgian counterparties. The countercyclical buffer for the Issuer is 
less than 1 bp in case all current countercyclical buffers already in place are added. The buffer is determined by 
the buffer rates introduced by each European designated authority and the relative exposures of the Issuer in each 
specific country. During the COVID-19 crisis, many countries have released, reduced, or delayed planned 
increases in their countercyclical capital buffers. The NBB has opted to continue this policy in light of, among 
other things, the economic and financial fall-out of the war in Ukraine and recent adverse developments affecting 
the banking industry globally, including the failures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank in the United 
States and the forced sale in Switzerland of Credit Suisse Group AG and the related write-down of its Additional 
Tier 1 (AT1) instruments.  On 31 August 2023, the NBB officially announced to set the countercyclical buffer 
percentage for Belgium at 0.5% as from 1 April 2024 and at 1.0% as from 1 October 2024. On 11 June 2024, the

--- Page 173 ---
173
 
National Bank of Belgium has decided to maintain its current policy and will thus continue to implement the 
decisions published in August 2023. 
The Issuer’s capital conservation buffer was phased in and amounts to 2.50% as from 1 January 2021. The capital 
conservation buffer is designed to ensure that banks build up capital buffers outside periods of stress which can 
be drawn down as losses are incurred. 
Article 14 of the fourth Appendix of the Belgian Banking Law also allows the NBB to impose an additional capital 
buffer on domestic systemically important institutions, and which may be set at an amount up to 3% CET1. As 
from 1 January 2018, the Issuer is subject to an additional capital buffer of 0.75%. On 1 December 2021, the NBB 
has confirmed that this additional capital buffer will be maintained at this level for the year 2023. 
The Issuer’s pillar 2 requirement (P2R) under the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) currently 
amounts to 1.50%. 
European resolution regime  
The BRRD grants powers to resolution authorities that include (but are not limited to) a statutory “write-down 
and conversion power” in relation to Tier 1 capital instruments and Tier 2 capital instruments and a “bail-in” 
power in relation to eligible liabilities (as defined in Article 2(1)(71) BRRD (transposed into Article 242, 10° of 
the Belgian Banking law), i.e., the liabilities and capital instruments that do not qualify as common equity tier 1, 
additional tier 1 capital instruments of tier 2 capital instruments and that are not excluded from the scope of the 
bail-in power by virtue of Article 44 (2) BRRD. These powers allow the Relevant Resolution Authority to cancel 
all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial 
institution and/or to convert certain debt claims into another instrument of ownership, including ordinary shares 
of the Issuer, if any. The “write down and conversion” and “bail-in” powers are part of a broader set of resolution 
powers provided to the resolution authorities under the BRRD in relation to distressed credit institutions and 
investment firms. These resolution tools include the ability for the resolution authorities to force, in certain 
circumstances of distress, the sale of a credit institution’s business or its critical functions, the separation of assets, 
the replacement or substitution of the credit institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to 
the terms of debt instruments (including amending the maturity date, any interest payment date or the amount of 
interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension of payments) and/or discontinue the listing and 
admission to trading of debt instruments issued by the credit institution. 
In connection with the recent amendments to CRD and CRR, the resolution framework has also been subject to 
review. In particular, significant details on the criteria related to “eligible liabilities” have been added, together 
with the methodology for determining the MREL for a particular bank and the way in which information is 
reported and disclosed. 
The Belgian Banking Law has transposed the BRRD into Belgian law. Please see below for a description of the 
Belgian bank recovery and resolution regime. 
Belgian Bank Recovery and Resolution regime 
Under the Belgian bank recovery and resolution regime, the supervisory authorities are able to take a number of 
measures (herstelmaatregelen/mesures de redressement) in respect of any credit institution it supervises if 
deficiencies in such credit institution’s operations are not adequately remedied. In case these measures are not 
complied with by the credit institution, or if the credit institution’s situation has not improved after implementation 
of 
such 
measures, 
the 
supervisory 
authorities 
can 
take 
exceptional 
measures 
(uitzonderlijke 
herstelmaatregelen/mesures de redressement exceptionnelles). Such measures include: the imposition of 
additional requirements in terms of solvency, liquidity, risk concentration and the imposition of other limitations; 
requesting limitations on variable remuneration; the appointment of a special commissioner whose consent is 
required for all or some of the decisions taken by the institution’s corporate bodies; the complete or partial 
suspension or prohibition of the institution’s activities; the requirement to transfer all or part of the institution’s

--- Page 174 ---
174
 
participations in other companies; replacing the institution’s directors or managers; and revocation of the 
institution’s license, the right to impose the reservation of distributable profits, or the suspension of discretionary 
payments or interest payments to holders of additional tier 1 capital instruments. 
Furthermore, the Relevant Resolution Authority can impose specific measures on an important financial 
institution (including the Issuer, and whether systemic or not) when the Relevant Resolution Authority is of the 
opinion that (a) such financial institution has an unsuitable risk profile or (b) the policy of the financial institution 
can have a negative impact on the stability of the financial system. 
The Belgian Banking Law allows the Relevant Resolution Authority to take resolution actions (please see the 
paragraph on European Resolution Regime above). Such powers include the power to (i) direct the sale of the 
relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms without requiring the consent 
of the shareholders or complying with procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part 
of the business of the relevant financial institution to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for that purpose 
which is wholly or partially in public control), (iii) separate assets by transferring impaired or problem assets to a 
bridge institution or one or more asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down and (iv) apply the bail-in power. The bail-in 
power allows the Relevant Resolution Authority to decide to write down or convert into shares or other proprietary 
instruments all or part of a credit institution’s eligible liabilities, as defined above, in order to (i) recapitalise the 
credit institution to the extent sufficient to restore its ability to comply with its licensing conditions and to continue 
to carry out the activities for which it is licensed and to sustain sufficient market confidence in the institution, or 
(ii) convert or reduce the principal amount of debt instruments that are transferred to a bridge institution with a 
view to providing capital for that bridge institution or as part of a sale of the business or transfer of assets. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of the Issuer under the Mortgage Pandbrieven cannot be made subject 
to bail-in.  Furthermore, based on article 286 of the Belgian Banking Law, the Relevant Resolution Authority 
cannot order the partial transfer, amendment or termination of the Issuer’s obligations under the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven. 
The Special Estate could be transferred to a third party as a result of the application of the resolution tools 
(afwikkelingsinstrumenten/instruments de résolution) taken in accordance with Book II, Title VIII of the Belgian 
Banking Law. The Belgian Banking Law provides that, in the case of such a transfer, the rights of the Noteholders 
against the Special Estate will be maintained and will follow the Special Estate. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority must write down or convert all Tier 1 Capital instruments and Tier 2 Capital 
instruments at the institution’s point of non-viability (i.e., the point at which the relevant authority determines that 
the institution meets the conditions for resolution or would cease to be viable (within the meaning of Article 251 
of the Belgian Banking Law) if those capital instruments were not written down or converted or at least together 
with, the application of any resolution tool (including the exercises of the bail-in powers)) and in other limited 
circumstances set out in Article 250 of the Belgian Banking Law. 
In addition, all Tier 1 Capital instruments and the Tier 2 Capital instruments must be written down or converted 
before, or at least together with, the application of any resolution tool as set out above (including the exercise of 
the bail-in powers) if deemed necessary in order to avoid the institution or group becoming non-viable.  
When applying the bail-in tool, the Relevant Resolution Authority takes one or both of the following actions in 
respect of shareholders and holders of other proprietary instruments: 
1. 
cancel existing shares or other proprietary instruments or transfer them to bailed-in creditors; 
2. 
provided that the institution under resolution has a positive net value, dilute existing shareholders and 
holders of other proprietary instruments as a result of the conversion into shares or other proprietary 
instruments of relevant capital instruments issued by the institution pursuant to the Resolution 
Authority’s conversion power or eligible liabilities issued by the institution under resolution. Such

--- Page 175 ---
175
 
conversion shall be conducted at a rate of conversion that severely dilutes existing holdings of shares or 
other proprietary instruments. 
For the purposes of the Relevant Resolution Authority’s bail-in powers, credit institutions must at all times meet 
robust minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) so that there is sufficient capital 
and liabilities available to recapitalise failing credit institutions.  
As at 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s MREL ratio was reported in terms of Leverage Ratio Exposure (“LRE”) and 
amounted to 8.47% compared to a fully subordinated target of 7.78%.  
Pursuant to Article 267/5, §1 Belgian Banking Law, eligible liabilities shall be included in the amount of own 
funds and eligible liabilities if they satisfy the conditions set out in Article 72a, 72b (except §2(d)) and 72c of the 
CRR. 
The draft technical standards on the criteria for determining the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities currently do not provide details on the implications of a failure by an institution to comply with its 
MREL requirements. However, if the approach set out by the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) in respect of the 
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (“TLAC”) for Global Systemically Important banks (“G-SIBs”) is adopted in 
respect of MREL, there is a possibility that a failure by an institution to comply with MREL could be treated in 
the same manner as a failure to meet minimum regulatory capital requirements. Accordingly, a failure by the 
Issuer to comply with its MREL requirement may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
conditions and results of operations. The Issuer is not a G-SIB as defined under term sheet published by the FSB 
on 9 November 2015 (the “FSB TLAC Term Sheet”) and is therefore currently not subject to the FSB TLAC 
Term Sheet.  
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer confirms that there are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer of the 
members of the board of directors and/or the executive committee, and their private interests. 
The Issuer further confirms that there are no potential conflicts of interests that are material to the issuance of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, between any of the members of the board of directors and/or the executive committee, 
and their duties pursuant to the issuance of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
The Argenta Group has a conflict of interest policy in place, which can be consulted on the website of the Issuer, 
www.argenta.be. 
GOVERNMENTAL, LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
There are no governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or the Argenta Group’s 
financial position or profitability.  
TREND INFORMATION 
Material adverse changes 
There have been no material adverse changes in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023 (the date of 
its latest published audited financial statements). 
Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
Economic growth in the Eurozone slightly picked up in the first two quarters of 2024 versus last year, mainly 
reflecting rising household spending. Though with the ongoing war in Ukraine and fear of a further escalating

--- Page 176 ---
176
 
conflict in the Middle East, elevated geopolitical tensions continue to contribute to uncertainty. On inflation, there 
was a further moderation of headline inflation to 2.6% year on year in July 2024, while core inflation remains 
stickier at 2.9% year on year in July 2024 driven by sticky services prices. The labour market has remained tight, 
with unemployment figures for the Eurozone still close to record lows, resulting in robust wage growth in many 
countries. After a sharp monetary policy tightening cycle in which the ECB increased its policy rates with 450 
basis points between July 2022 and September 2023 to combat record high inflation figures, a first rate cut of 
25bp was executed in June 2024 and further rate cuts are priced in for this year by financial markets. The inflation 
developments and shift in monetary policy have put a downward pressure on longer term interest rates. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any member of Argenta Group (including the Issuer) being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
being issued.

--- Page 177 ---
177
 
COMMON REPORTING STANDARD – EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting 
Standard (“CRS”). As of 16 May 2024, the total of jurisdictions that have signed the multilateral competent 
authority agreement (“MCAA”) amounted to 123. The MCAA is a multilateral framework agreement to 
automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into 
effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which include trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report 
on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in direct 
taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as foreseen in 
CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 
2011/16/EU and replaces the EC Council Directive 2003/48EC on the taxation of savings income (commonly 
referred to as the “Savings Directive”) as from 1 January 2016. Austria has been nonetheless allowed to exchange 
information under DAC2 as from 1 January 2017. 
On 27 May 2015, Switzerland signed an agreement with the European Union in order to implement, as from 
1 January 2017, an automatic exchange of information based on the CRS. This new agreement replaces the 
agreement on the taxation of savings that entered into force in 2005. As of 1 January 2017, financial institutions 
in the EU and Switzerland apply the due diligence procedures envisaged under the new agreement to identify 
customers who are reportable persons, i.e., for Switzerland residents of any EU Member State. This data was 
exchanged for the first time in autumn 2018. 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS pursuant to the law of 16 December 2015 
on the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by the Belgian tax 
administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an international level and for tax 
purposes (the “Law of 16 December 2015”).  
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in Belgium 
(i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States (including Austria, 
irrespective of the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other EU Member States is 
only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of income year 2014 (first information exchange in 2016) towards 
the US and (iii), with respect to any other non-EU States that have signed the MCAA, as of the respective date 
determined by Royal Decree. In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, it has been provided that the mandatory 
automatic exchange applies (i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) for a first list of 18 
countries, (ii) as of income year 2017 (first information exchange in 2018) for a second list of 44 countries, (iii) 
as of income year 2018 (first information exchange in 2019) for a third list of 1 country, (iv) as of income year 
2019 (first information exchange in 2020) for a fourth list of 6 countries, (v) as of income year 2022 (first 
information exchange in 2023) for a fifth list of 2 countries and (vi) as of income year 2023 (first information 
exchange in 2024) for a sixth list of 4 countries. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.

--- Page 178 ---
178
 
THE PROPOSED EU FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each a “participating Member State”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of the Mortgage Pandbrieven should, however, be exempt since the FTT should not apply to (inter 
alia) primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006, including the 
activity of underwriting and subsequent allocation of financial instruments in the framework of their issue. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
In 2019, Finance Ministers of the participating Member States participating in the enhanced cooperation indicated 
that they were discussing a new FTT proposal based on the French model of the tax and the possible mutualization 
of the tax as a contribution to the EU budget.  
According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would be 
levied at a rate of at least 0.2 per cent. of the consideration for the acquisition of ownership of shares (including 
ordinary and any preference shares) admitted to trading on a trading venue or a similar third country venue, or of 
other securities equivalent to such shares (“Financial Instruments”) or similar transactions (e.g. an acquisition 
of Financial Instruments by means of an exchange of Financial Instruments or by means of a physical settlement 
of a derivative). The FTT would be payable to the participating Member State in whose territory the issuer of a 
Financial Instrument has established its registered office. According to the latest draft of the new FTT proposal, 
the FTT would not apply to straight notes.  
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate and/or other participating Member States may decide to withdraw. Moreover, once the FTT 
proposal has been adopted (the “FTT Directive”), it will need to be implemented into the respective domestic laws 
of the participating Member States and the domestic provisions implementing the FTT Directive might deviate 
from the FTT Directive itself. 
In any event, the European Commission declared that, if there is no agreement between the participating Member 
States by the end 2022, it will endeavour to propose a new own resource, based on a new FTT, by June 2024 in 
view of its introduction by 1 January 2026. To date, however, such a proposal has not been made by the European 
Commission.

--- Page 179 ---
179
 
BELGIAN TAXATION ON THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN 
The following is an overview of the main Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or 
disposing of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. It is restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein and is 
intended neither as tax advice nor as a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax consequences associated 
with or resulting from any of the aforementioned transactions. Prospective investors are urged to consult their 
own tax advisors concerning the detailed and overall tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or 
disposing of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, including under the laws of their countries of citizenship, residence, 
ordinary residence or domicile. 
The overview provided below is based on the information provided in this Base Prospectus and on Belgium’s tax 
laws, regulations, resolutions and other public rules with legal effect, and the interpretation thereof under 
published case law, all as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and with the exception of subsequent 
amendments with retroactive effect. Investors should appreciate that, as a result of changing law or practice, the 
tax consequences may be otherwise than as stated below. Prospective investors should be aware that tax laws of 
the investor’s own tax jurisdiction and of the Issuer’s Member State of incorporation might have an impact on the 
income received from the Mortgage Pandbrieven. 
For the purpose of the overview below, a Belgian resident is, (a) an individual subject to Belgian personal income 
tax (i.e. an individual who has his domicile in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium, or a person assimilated 
to a Belgian resident), (b) a legal entity subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e. a company that has its main 
establishment, its administrative seat or its seat of management in Belgium), (c) an Organisation for Financing 
Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e., a Belgian pension fund incorporated under the form of an 
Organisation for Financing Pensions) or (d) a legal entity subject to Belgian legal entities tax (i.e. an entity other 
than a legal entity subject to corporate income tax having its main establishment, its administrative seat or its 
seat of management in Belgium). A non-resident is any person who is not a Belgian resident. 
1. 
Belgian Withholding Tax 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer of interest on the Mortgage Pandbrieven are in principle 
subject to Belgian withholding tax on the gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30%. Both 
Belgian domestic tax law and applicable tax treaties may provide for lower or zero rates subject to certain 
conditions and formalities. 
In this regard, “interest” means (i) the periodic interest income, (ii) any amount paid by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not on the maturity 
date) and, (iii) if the Mortgage Pandbrieven qualify as “fixed income securities” (in the meaning of 
Article 2, §1, 8° BITC 1992, in case of a realisation of Mortgage Pandbrieven between two interest 
payment dates to any third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to 
the detention period. “Fixed income securities” are defined as bonds, specific debt certificates issued by 
banks (kasbon/bon de caisse) and other similar securities, including securities where income is 
capitalised or securities which do not generate a periodic payment of income but are issued with a 
discount corresponding to the capitalised interest up to the maturity date of the security. 
However, payments of interest and principal under the Mortgage Pandbrieven by or on behalf of the 
Issuer may be made without deduction or withholding of Belgian withholding tax in respect of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution of interest they are held 
by Eligible Investors (see hereinafter) in an exempt securities account (an “X Account”) that has been 
opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a “Participant”) in the Securities 
Settlement System operated by the NBB. Certain banks, stockbrockers, Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, 
Euroclear Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, 
OeKB, and SIX SIS are directly or indirectly Participants for this purpose.

--- Page 180 ---
180
 
Holding the Mortgage Pandbrieven through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors 
to receive gross interest income on their Mortgage Pandbrieven and to transfer Mortgage Pandbrieven 
on a gross basis. 
Participants to the Securities Settlement system must enter the Mortgage Pandbrieven which they hold 
on behalf of Eligible Investors in an X Account. Payments of interest made through X Accounts are free 
of Belgian withholding tax. 
Eligible Investors are those listed in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the 
deduction of withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding 
van de roerende voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du 
précompte mobilier) which include, inter alia: 
(i) 
Belgian companies subject to Belgian corporate income tax as referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, 
b) of the BITC 1992); 
(ii) 
institutions, associations or companies specified in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on 
the control of insurance companies other than those referred to in (i) and (iii) subject to the 
application of Article 262, 1° and 5° of the BITC 1992;  
(iii) 
state regulated institutions (parastatale instellingen/organismes paraétatiques) for social 
security, or institutions which are assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 2º of the 
RD/BITC 1992; 
(iv) 
non-resident savers provided for in Article 105, 5º of the RD/BITC 1992; 
(v) 
investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in Article 115 
of the RD/BITC 1992; 
(vi) 
taxpayers provided for in Article 227, 2º of the BITC 1992 which have used the income 
generating capital for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which are 
subject to non-resident income tax pursuant to Article 233 of the BITC 1992; 
(vii) 
the Belgian State in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in 
accordance with Article 265 of the BITC 1992; 
(viii) 
collective investment funds governed by foreign law which are an indivisible estate managed 
by a management company for the account of the participants, provided the fund units are not 
offered publicly in Belgium nor traded in Belgium; and 
(ix) 
Belgian resident corporations, not provided for under (i) above, when their activities exclusively 
or principally consist of the granting of credits and loans. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or non-profit 
making organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
The above categories only summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Royal Decree 
of 26 May 1994, as amended, to which investors should refer for a precise description of the relevant 
eligibility rules. 
Transfers of Mortgage Pandbrieven between two X Accounts (between two due dates) do not give rise 
to Belgian withholding tax on accrued incomes.

--- Page 181 ---
181
 
Upon the opening of an X Account for the holding of Mortgage Pandbrieven, an Eligible Investor is 
required to provide the Participant to the Securities Settlement System where this account is kept with a 
statement of its eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance. There are no 
ongoing declaration requirements for Eligible Investors save that they need to inform the Participants of 
any changes to the information contained in the statement of their tax eligible status. 
Participants are required to annually provide the NBB with declarations as to the eligible status of each 
investor for whom they have held Mortgage Pandbrieven in an X Account during the preceding calendar 
year. 
An X Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of 
Mortgage Pandbrieven that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial 
Owners”), provided that each Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such case, the Intermediary 
must deliver to the Participant a statement on a form approved by the Minister of Finance confirming 
that: (i) the Intermediary is itself an Eligible Investor; and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their 
Mortgage Pandbrieven through it are also Eligible Investors. The Beneficial Owner is also required to 
deliver a statement of its eligible status to the Intermediary. 
These identification requirements do not apply to Mortgage Pandbrieven held in central securities 
depositaries as defined in Article 2, first paragraph, (1) of the Regulation (EU) N° 909/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the 
European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 
2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012 (“CSD”) acting as Participants to the Securities 
Settlement System (each, a “NBB-CSD”), provided that the relevant NBB-CSD only holds X Accounts, 
and that they are able to identify the Noteholders for whom they hold Mortgage Pandbrieven in such 
account. For the identification requirements not to apply, it is furthermore required that the contracts 
which were concluded by the relevant NBB-CSD as Participants include the commitment that all their 
clients, holder of an account, are Eligible Investors.  
Hence, these identification requirements do not apply to Mortgage Pandbrieven held in Clearstream 
Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities 
Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS or any other NBB-(I)CSD, provided that (i) they only hold X 
Accounts, (ii) they are able to identify the holders for whom they hold Mortgage Pandbrieven in such 
account and (iii) the contractual rules agreed upon by these NBB-(I)CSDs include the contractual 
undertaking that their clients, holders of accounts, are all Eligible Investors. The Eligible Investors will 
need to confirm their status as Eligible Investors in the account agreement to be concluded with 
Clearstream Banking Frankfurt, Euroclear Bank, Euroclear France, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext 
Securities Porto, IBERCLEAR, OeKB, SIX SIS or any other NBB-(I)CSD.  
In accordance with the Securities Settlement System, a Noteholder who is withdrawing Mortgage 
Pandbrieven from an X Account will, following the payment of interest on those Mortgage Pandbrieven, 
be entitled to claim an indemnity from the Belgian tax authorities of an amount equal to the withholding 
on the interest payable on the Mortgage Pandbrieven from the last preceding Interest Payment Date until 
the date of withdrawal of the Mortgage Pandbrieven from the Securities Settlement System. As a 
condition of acceptance of the Mortgage Pandbrieven into the Securities Settlement System, the 
Noteholders waive the right to claim such indemnity.  
2. 
Belgian income tax 
2.1 
Belgian resident individuals 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may only be held by Eligible Investors. Consequently, the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven may not be held by Belgian resident individuals as they do not qualify as Eligible Investors.

--- Page 182 ---
182
 
2.2 
Belgian resident companies 
Interest attributed or paid to corporations which are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. which are 
subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), as well as capital 
gains realised upon the disposal of Mortgage Pandbrieven are taxable at the ordinary corporate income 
tax rate of in principle 25%. Subject to certain conditions, a reduced corporate income tax rate of 20% 
applies to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income for small companies as defined by Article 
1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations (“wetboek van vennootschappen en 
verenigingen”/”code des sociétés et des associations”), as amended from time to time.  
The withholding tax, if any, retained by or on behalf of the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, be 
creditable against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount will in principle be refundable, 
all in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven are in principle tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as investment companies within 
the meaning of Article 185bis of the BITC 1992. 
2.3 
Belgian legal entities 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may only be held by Eligible Investors. Consequently, the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven may not be held by Belgian legal entities subject to Belgian legal entities tax 
(rechtspersonenbelasting/impôts des personnes morales) which do not qualify as Eligible Investors. 
Belgian legal entities which qualify as Eligible Investors and which consequently have received gross 
interest income are required (if such entities cannot invoke a final withholding tax exemption) to declare 
and pay the 30% withholding tax themselves to the Belgian tax authorities (which withholding tax then 
generally also constitutes the final taxation in the hands of the relevant investors). 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Mortgage Pandbrieven are in principle tax exempt, unless the 
capital gains qualify as interest (as defined in section 1 entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”). Capital 
losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
2.4 
Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions in the meaning of the Law of 
27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision, 
are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés). 
Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding 
tax that has been levied can be credited against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is 
in principle refundable. 
2.5 
Belgian non-residents 
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and who are not holding the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven through a permanent establishment in Belgium and who do not invest in the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven in the context of their Belgian professional activity will in principle not become 
liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains by reason only of the acquisition, ownership, 
redemption or disposal of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, provided that they qualify as Eligible Investors and 
that they hold their Mortgage Pandbrieven in an X Account. 
Non-residents who use the Mortgage Pandbrieven to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through 
a permanent establishment are in principle subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident companies 
(see above).

--- Page 183 ---
183
 
3. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
A tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op de beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) 
will be levied on the acquisition and disposal for consideration of Mortgage Pandbrieven on the 
secondary market if (i) entered into or carried out in Belgium through a professional intermediary or 
(ii) deemed to be entered into or carried out in Belgium, which is the case if the order is directly or 
indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by private 
individuals with habitual residence (gewone verblijfplaats/résidence habituelle) in Belgium, or legal 
entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian 
Investor”). 
The tax is due at a rate of 0.12% on each acquisition and disposal separately, with a maximum amount 
of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party. The tax is due separately from each party to any such 
transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the professional 
intermediary. The acquisition of the Mortgage Pandbrieven upon their issuance (primary market) is not 
subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
If the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax on the stock exchange transactions will in 
principle be due by the Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that the tax on the 
stock exchange transactions has already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside 
of Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which 
gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement (borderel/bordereau), at the latest 
on the business day after the day on which the relevant transaction was realized. The qualifying order 
statements must be numbered in series and duplicates must be retained by the financial intermediary. A 
duplicate can be replaced by a day-to-day listing, numbered in series. Professional intermediaries 
established outside Belgium could however appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, 
subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). In such case the 
Stock Exchange Tax Representative would then be liable towards the Belgian Treasury to pay the tax on 
stock exchange transactions and to comply with the reporting obligations in that respect. If such Stock 
Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange transactions, the Belgian Investor will, 
as per the above, no longer be required to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
The tax referred to above will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account including 
investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary 
in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors as defined in 
Article 126.1, 2° of the code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/code 
des droits et taxes divers). 
As stated above, on 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive 
for a common financial transactions tax (the “FTT”). The proposal stipulates that once the FTT enters 
into force, the participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions 
other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on 
the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should 
thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. Since 2019, participating Member States are discussing 
a new FTT proposal. According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German 
government), the FTT would not apply to straight notes.  The proposal is still subject to negotiation 
between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed (or replaced) at any time. 
4. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
Following the Law of 17 February 2021, the annual tax on securities accounts was introduced (jaarlijkse 
taks op de effectenrekeningen/taxe annuelle sur les comptes-titres) (the “Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts”). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is levied on securities accounts of which the 
average value during the reference period (i.e. a period of twelve consecutive months beginning on 1

--- Page 184 ---
184
 
October and ending, in principle, on 30 September of the next year), exceeds EUR 1,000,000. The Annual 
Tax on Securities Accounts is applicable to securities accounts that are held by resident individuals, 
companies and legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial 
intermediary in Belgium or abroad. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts also applies to securities 
accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary in 
Belgium. However, the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is not levied on securities accounts held by 
specific types of regulated entities in the context of their own professional activity and for their own 
account. 
As the case may be, the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts may also apply to securities accounts on 
which the Mortgage Pandbrieven are held if the average value during the reference period exceeds 
EUR 1,000,000. 
The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15% of the average value of the account 
or 10% of the difference between the average value of the account and EUR 1,000,000. The tax base is 
the sum of the values of the taxable financial instruments at the different reference points in time (i.e. 31 
December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September) divided by the number of those reference points in 
time. 
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian 
intermediary. Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a 
securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf of 
the Minister of Finance (the “Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative”). The Annual Tax 
on Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to declare 
and pay the tax and to fulfil all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts, such as compliance with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no intermediary has 
withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the securities account 
needs to declare and pay the tax himself, unless he can prove that the tax has already been withheld, 
declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or an Annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
A retroactive anti-abuse provision applying as from 30 October 2020 was also introduced, targeting 
(i) the splitting of a securities account into multiple accounts held with the same financial intermediary 
and (ii) the conversion of taxable financial instruments into registered financial instruments. 
Furthermore, a general anti-abuse provision was introduced with the same retroactive date of application. 
However, the retroactive anti-abuse provision and the retroactive date of application of the general anti-
abuse provision were declared null and void by the Belgian Constitutional Court on 27 October 2022. 
The Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts.

--- Page 185 ---
185
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION ON THE MORTGAGE PANDBRIEVEN 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained 
within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign 
laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven held by non-resident Noteholders. 
Resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as amended 
(the “Relibi Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven, nor is 
any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Mortgage Pandbrieven held by 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding 
tax of currently 20%. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an 
individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of 
the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of currently 20%.

--- Page 186 ---
186
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Pursuant to an amended and restated Distribution Agreement dated on or about 4 October 2024 (the “Distribution 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger and subject to the conditions contained therein, 
the Dealers have agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Mortgage Pandbrieven. The Mortgage Pandbrieven may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at 
prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Distribution Agreement 
also provides for Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission in respect of Mortgage Pandbrieven subscribed by them. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the set-up 
of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The 
commissions in respect of an issue of Mortgage Pandbrieven on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities relating to any misrepresentation or 
breach of any of the representations, warranties or agreements of the Issuer in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. The Distribution Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that 
they make to subscribe Mortgage Pandbrieven in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Mortgage 
Pandbrieven being made to the Issuer. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in 
the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. If any of the 
Dealers or their affiliates has a lending relationship with the Issuer, certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
routinely hedge, and certain other of those Dealers or their affiliates may hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Mortgage Pandbrieven issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Mortgage Pandbrieven issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, Eligible Investors referred to in 
Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax holding their Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in an exempt account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect 
participant in the Securities Settlement System operated by the NBB. 
United States  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable securities laws of any state or

--- Page 187 ---
187
 
other jurisdiction of the United States. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Mortgage Pandbrieven (a) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the completion 
of the distribution of all Mortgage Pandbrieven of the Tranche of which such Mortgage Pandbrieven are a part 
(the “Resale Restriction Termination Date”), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Mortgage Pandbrieven prior to the Resale 
Restriction Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of all Mortgage Pandbrieven of the Tranche of 
which such Mortgage Pandbrieven are a part, an offer or sale of such Mortgage Pandbrieven within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to, the registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Mortgage Pandbrieven which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that an offering of Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, 
as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Mortgage Pandbrieven, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Mortgage Pandbrieven which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes 
of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 188 ---
188
 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Mortgage Pandbrieven which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Mortgage Pandbrieven other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Mortgage Pandbrieven 
in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Mortgage Pandbrieven in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan  
The Mortgage Pandbrieven have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Mortgage Pandbrieven, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 
1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Any offering of the Mortgage Pandbrieven will be exclusively conducted under applicable private placement 
exemptions and the restrictions described in this section (Subscription and Sale) will apply. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the Mortgage Pandbrieven will have been 
or will be notified to, and neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven will have been or will be approved or reviewed by, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority (the “Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten”/“Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers”) 
(the “Belgian FSMA”). The Belgian FSMA has not commented as to the accuracy or adequacy of any such 
material or recommended the purchase of the Mortgage Pandbrieven nor will the Belgian FSMA so comment or 
recommend. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.

--- Page 189 ---
189
 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Mortgage Pandbrieven has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Mortgage Pandbrieven 
may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven be distributed in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”), except in accordance with the exceptions 
provided under the Prospectus Regulation and any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Mortgage 
Pandbrieven or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven in Italy except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and applicable Italian laws, including the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and applicable CONSOB regulations; or  
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of the CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Mortgage Pandbrieven or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven in Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No.20307 of 15 
February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”), 
all as amended from time to time; and 
b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian competent authority. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(“FinSA”) and the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (“FinSO”), and no such prospectus pursuant to 
FinSA has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Mortgage Pandbrieven. No 
application has been or will be made to admit the Mortgage Pandbrieven to trading on any trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be filed with or 
approved by a Swiss review body (Prüfstelle). 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in or into 
Switzerland other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify 
as a public offer in Switzerland. For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective definitions in Article 
3(g) and (h) FinSA and as further detailed in FinSO. 
No key information document according to the FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA has been or 
will be prepared in relation to the Mortgage Pandbrieven, and, therefore, the Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be 
offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a 
private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in 
Art. 4(3) FinSA (not having opted in on the basis of Art. 5(5) FinSA); or (ii) an institutional client as defined in 
Art. 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Art. 58(2) FinSA.

--- Page 190 ---
190
 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such modification 
will be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of the issuance of Mortgage Pandbrieven to which it relates or 
in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Mortgage Pandbrieven, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Mortgage Pandbrieven or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Mortgage Pandbrieven under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which 
it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Mortgage Pandbrieven may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 191 ---
191
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Mortgage Pandbrieven 
issued under the Programme. 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Mortgage Pandbrieven is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Mortgage Pandbrieven (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Mortgage Pandbrieven is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Mortgage Pandbrieven to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Mortgage Pandbrieven (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Mortgage Pandbrieven (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been

--- Page 192 ---
192
 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Mortgage Pandbrieven or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – The Mortgage Pandbrieven are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, in Belgium to individuals qualifying as “consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within 
the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek 
van economisch recht), as amended. 
ELIGIBLE INVESTORS ONLY - The Mortgage Pandbrieven may only be held by, and may only be 
transferred to, eligible investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 
(“Eligible Investors”) holding their Mortgage Pandbrieven in an exempt account that has been opened with 
a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the Securities Settlement System operated 
by the NBB. 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - The Mortgage Pandbrieven 
are not intended to be offered to private clients within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Financial Services 
Act (“FinSA”) in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) 
of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis 
of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; 
or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.]11  
[These Final Terms have not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for 
entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of [the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (“FinSA”)/FinSA]. 
Accordingly, the Mortgage Pandbrieven may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland 
within the meaning of FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA. Neither 
these Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA, and neither these Final Terms nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Mortgage Pandbrieven may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland.]12  
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Argenta Spaarbank NV/SA 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Mortgage Pandbrieven] 
under the EUR 7,500,000,000 
Belgian Mortgage Pandbrieven Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 4 October 2024 [and the Supplement[s] to it dated [  ]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
 
11  
Include if Covered Bonds are debt instruments with a “derivative character” for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in 
Switzerland.  
12  
Include if Covered Bonds are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 193 ---
193
 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website www.argenta.eu.13 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
The Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) set out in the Base Prospectus dated [22 January 2021][18 February 
2022][30 September 2022][9 October 2023] will apply to the Mortgage Pandbrieven and not the Terms and 
Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus dated 4 October 2024. Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined 
as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [22 January 2021] [18 February 
2022] [30 September 2022][9 October 2023]  which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 
[9] October 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Mortgage Pandbrieven described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 4 
October 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [  ]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the Issuer’s website www.argenta.eu14. 
Full information on Argenta Spaarbank NV/SA (the “Issuer”) and the offer of the Mortgage Pandbrieven is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 4 October 
2024 [and the Base Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [  ]]. The Base Prospectus dated 4 October 2024 [and the 
Base Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [  ]] [is] / [are] available for viewing at www.luxse.com and at 
www.argenta.eu. The Base Prospectus [and the Base Prospectus supplement[s]] [is] / [are] available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the office of the Paying Agent [and the office of the Issuer]. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1.
(I) 
Series Number:
[  ]
(II) 
Tranche Number:
[  ]
 
(III) 
Date on which Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Mortgage Pandbrieven shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert name of Series] (ISIN: [  ]) 
on [[  ]] / [the Issue Date] / [with effect from the date that is 
40 days following the Issue Date]]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
Euro (EUR)
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[  ]
(I) 
Series:
[  ]
(II) 
Tranche:
[  ]
4.
Issue Price: 
[  ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [  ] (insert if Mortgage Pandbrieven are 
fungible with a previous issue)]
 
13  
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
14  
This website is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 194 ---
194
 
5.
(I) 
Specified Denomination(s):
[  ] and integral multiples thereof.
 
 
(Note: No Mortgage Pandbrieven may be issued which have 
a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 
(II) 
Calculation Amount:
[  ]
6.
(I) 
Issue Date:
[  ]
 
(II) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date:
[  ] / [Issue Date] / [Not Applicable] 
7.
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed maturity date: [  ]] / [Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to [  ] (specify in this format for Floating Rate 
Mortgage Pandbrieven)]
8.
Extended Maturity Date:
[  ] (specify the date falling one year after the Maturity Date)
9.
Interest Basis:
 
(I) 
Period to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date:
[[  ]% Fixed Rate] / [EURIBOR + [  ]%] 
[Zero Coupon]
 
 
Further particulars specified in Paragraph[s] [13/14/15] of 
Part A of the Final Terms below
(include all which are relevant)
 
(II) 
Period from Maturity Date 
(including) 
to 
Extended 
Maturity Date (excluding)
[[  ]% Fixed Rate] / [EURIBOR + [  ]%] 
 
 
Further particulars specified in Paragraph[s] [13/14/15] of 
Part A of the Final Terms below
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Par Redemption] / [Specified Redemption Amount]
11.
Noteholder Put / Call Option:
 
(I) 
Noteholder Put (Condition 
3(c)):
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 18 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable]
 
(II) 
Call Option (Condition 3(d)): 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 17 of Part 
A of the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable]
12.
(I) 
Status 
of 
the 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
“Belgische pandbrieven” / “Lettres de gage belges” 
“Europese gedekte obligaties (premium)” / “Obligations 
garanties européennes (de qualité supérieure)”
 
(II) 
Date 
of 
any 
additional 
[Board] approval for issuance 
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 195 ---
195
 
of 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven 
obtained: 
(specify if Mortgage Pandbrieven require separate / new 
authorisation. Otherwise specify “Not Applicable”)
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
13.
Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrief 
Provisions 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If (I) and (II) above are not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(III) 
Rate(s) of Interest:
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date 
[  ]% per annum [payable [annually] / [semi-annually] / 
[quarterly] / [monthly] in arrear] on each Interest Payment 
Date
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
[  ]% per annum [payable [annually] / [semi-annually] / 
[quarterly] / [monthly] in arrear] on each Interest Payment 
Date
(IV) 
Interest Payment Date(s):
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date 
[  ] in each year[, from and including [  ]][ up to and 
including [  ]] 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.]  
(Note: amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
[  ] in each year[, from and including [  ]][ up to and 
including the Extension Payment Date on which the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven are redeemed in full or the Extended 
Maturity Date, or on any other date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are fully redeemed in accordance with 
Condition 3(j)(i)(D) or Condition 3(j)(iii), whichever occurs 
earlier] 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.]  
(Note: amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)
(V) 
Interest Period Date(s):
(i) 
To Maturity Date
[[  ]] / [Interest Payment Date(s)]

--- Page 196 ---
196
 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] / [Not subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention.]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
[[  ]] / [Interest Payment Date(s)] 
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] / [Not subject to adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention.]
(VI) 
Business Day Convention:
(i) 
To Maturity Date
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
(VII) 
Day Count Fraction:
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
/  [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
/  [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
 
(VIII) 
Determination Date(s): 
(Note: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA. In such a case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.)
(i) 
To Maturity Date
[[  ] in each year] / [Not Applicable]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date
[[  ] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
14.
Floating Rate Mortgage Pandbrief 
Provisions 
 
(I) 
To Maturity Date
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
 
(II) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If (I) and (II) are not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
 
(III) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s):

--- Page 197 ---
197
 
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date 
[  ] in each year[, from and including [  ]][ up to and 
including [  ]][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention] / [, not subject to any adjustment]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
[  ] in each year[, from and including [  ]][ up to and 
including the Extension Payment Date on which the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven are redeemed in full or the Extended 
Maturity Date, or on any other date on which the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven are fully redeemed in accordance with 
Condition 3(j)(i)(D) or Condition 3(j)(iii), whichever occurs 
earlier [, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention] / [, not subject to any 
adjustment]
(IV) 
Interest Period Dates:
(i) 
To Maturity Date
[[  ]] / [Specified Interest Payment Date(s)]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date
[[  ]] / [Specified Interest Payment Date(s)] 
(V) 
Business Day Convention:
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable]
(VI) 
Reference Banks:
[  ]
 
(VII) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s):
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date
[Calculation Agent] / [  ]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date
[Calculation Agent] / [  ] 
(VIII) 
Screen Rate Determination:
(i) 
To Maturity Date
 
Reference Rate:
[  ]
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[[  ]] / [As specified in Condition 2(l)] 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page:
[  ]

--- Page 198 ---
198
 
 
Relevant Time:
[  ]
 
 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum [in respect of 
[specify relevant Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as 
necessary)
 
(ii) 
From  Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date
 
 
Reference Rate:
[  ]
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[[  ]] / [As specified in Condition 2(k)] 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page:
[  ] 
 
Relevant Time:
[  ]
 
 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum [in respect of 
[specify relevant Interest Accrual Period]] (repeat as 
necessary)
 
(IX) 
Linear interpolation 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[[long] / [short]] [[first] / [last]] Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest accrual period)]
(X) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:
(i) 
To Maturity Date
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
(XI) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:
(i) 
To Maturity Date
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
(XII) 
Day Count Fraction:
 
(i) 
To Maturity Date 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
/  [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
/  [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]

--- Page 199 ---
199
 
 
(XIII) 
Determination Date(s): 
(Note: only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA. In such a case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.)
(i) 
To Maturity Date
[[  ] in each year] / [Not Applicable]
 
(ii) 
From Maturity Date up to 
Extended Maturity Date
[[  ] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
15.
Zero Coupon Mortgage Pandbrief 
Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph)
 
Amortisation Yield: 
[  ]% per annum on a [compounded] / [non-compounded] 
basis
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-ISDA] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
/  [Actual/360] / [30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360][Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]
Determination Date:
[  ]
16.
Benchmark Replacement: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
Provisions Relating to Redemption
17.
Call Option (Condition 3(d)) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph)
 
(I) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[  ] 
 
(II) 
Redemption Amount (Call) of 
each Mortgage Pandbrief:
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount]
 
(III) 
Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate:
[[  ]% [in respect of [specify Optional Redemption Date] 
(repeat as necessary)] / [Not Applicable]
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%)
(IV) 
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Nominal 
Redemption Amount:
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 200 ---
200
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Nominal 
Redemption Amount:
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [  ] 
Maximum period: [  ]
18.
Noteholder Put (Condition 3(c)) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph)
 
(I) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[  ] 
 
(II) 
Redemption Amount (Put) of 
each Mortgage Pandbrief:
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount]
 
(III) 
Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate:
[[  ]% [in respect of [specify Optional Redemption Date] 
(repeat as necessary)] / [Not Applicable]
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%)
 
(IV) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [  ] 
Maximum period: [  ]
(V) 
Address for notices
[Issuer to complete]
19.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Mortgage Pandbrief 
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] 
 
(I) 
Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate:
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%)
20.
Zero Coupon Note Redemption 
Amount of each Zero Coupon Note 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
21.
Early Redemption 
 
(I) 
Tax 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(e)):
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount] / [Not Applicable]
 
(i) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Percentage Rate:
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 201 ---
201
 
 
 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%)
 
(II) 
Redemption 
upon 
the 
occurrence of a Tax Event 
(Condition 3(e)):
Redemption [on any Interest Payment Date] / [at any time] 
after the occurrence of a Tax Event which is continuing 
 
(i) 
Tax 
Deductibility 
Event
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(III) 
Change of Law Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(f)):
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount]
 
(i) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%)
 
(IV) 
Payment Default Redemption 
Amount (Condition 17):
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / 
[Amortised Face Amount]
 
(i) 
Specified 
Fixed 
Percentage Rate: 
[[  ]%] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. 
Note: the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 
100%)
General Provisions Applicable to the Mortgage Pandbrieven 
22. 
Payment Business Day Jurisdictions:
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable]
23. 
Consolidation provisions 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 20 (Further 
Issues) apply]
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By: 
 
Duly authorised
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made for the Mortgage Pandbrieven to be 
listed on the official list of the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and 
admitted to trading on [the Professional Segment of] the Regulated 
Market of the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange]] / [[  ]] / [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 202 ---
202
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that the 
original mortgage pandbrieven are already admitted to trading.)
 
(ii) 
Earliest 
day 
of 
admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Mortgage Pandbrieven to be 
admitted to trading with effect from [  ]] / [On or around [  ]] / [Not 
Applicable]
 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading:
[  ] 
2.
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued [[have been] / [are 
expected to be] rated] / [The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Mortgage Pandbrieven of this type under the 
Programme generally]: 
[S & P: [  ]] /
[[  ]: [  ]]
 
 
[The Mortgage Pandbrieven to be issued have not been 
specifically rated, but Mortgage Pandbrieven of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally have been rated:
[S & P: [  ]] /
[[  ]: [  ]]
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable15:
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the United Kingdom and 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”), although 
notification of the registration decision has not yet been provided.] 
/
 
15 
A list of registered Credit Rating Agencies is published on the ESMA website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).

--- Page 203 ---
203
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the EU and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] /
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the EU and is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the 
“CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is established in the United Kingdom and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”).] /
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the EU but the rating it has 
given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency(ies)], [each of] which is established 
in the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA 
Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established United Kingdom but the rating 
it has given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency(ies)], [each of] which is 
established in the UK and registered under the Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] /
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the EU but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the United Kingdom but is 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] /
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the EU and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No 513/2011 (the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Mortgage Pandbrieven is not endorsed by a credit

--- Page 204 ---
204
 
rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity(ies) 
providing rating] is not established in the United Kingdom and is 
not certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given 
to the Mortgage Pandbrieven is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.]
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[[  ]] / [Save for the fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Mortgage Pandbrieven has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.]
4.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the Offer 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus / An amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of the Mortgage 
Pandbrieven (being Green Bonds) will be used to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing green loans in 
accordance with the eligibility criteria set out in the Issuer’s Green 
Bond Framework (for further details, see section 3.3.1 of the 
Issuer’s Green Bond Framework) / If the reasons for the offer are 
different, those reasons will need to be specified here.]
 
Estimated net proceeds:
[  ]
5. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Mortgage 
Pandbrieven only – YIELD  
[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph under this paragraph)
Indication of yield: 
[  ]
6.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes] / [No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with the National Bank of Belgium, immobilised in order to be 
transferable in book-entry form and settled through the Securities 
Settlement System and does not necessarily mean that the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their

--- Page 205 ---
205
 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Mortgage Pandbrieven are capable of 
meeting them the Mortgage Pandbrieven may then be deposited 
with the National Bank of Belgium, immobilised in order to be 
transferable in book-entry form and settled through the Securities 
Settlement System. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Mortgage Pandbrieven will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
ISIN Code:
[  ]
[Temporary ISIN Code:]
[  ]
Common Code:
[  ]
[Temporary Common Code:]
[  ]
[CFI:
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable]
[FISN:
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable]
Delivery:
Delivery [against] / [free of] payment
 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent (if any):
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Name and address of the operator 
of 
the 
Alternative 
Clearing 
System (if any):
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not Applicable] / [[EURIBOR] / [specify other benchmark] is 
provided by [in case of EURIBOR: the European Money Markets 
Institute (“EMMI”)] / [in case of other benchmark: specify 
administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, [EMMI] / 
[administrator legal name] [appears] / [does not appear] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the  Benchmark Regulation.] / 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation.]
7. 
DISTRIBUTION

--- Page 206 ---
206
 
(i) 
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated] / [Non-syndicated]
(ii) 
If syndicated:
 
(A) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Dealers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments:
[Not Applicable] / [give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
 
(B) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement:
[[  ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) if 
any:
[Not Applicable] / [give name(s)] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer:
[Not Applicable] / [give name and address] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven 
are offered):
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA not applicable

--- Page 207 ---
207
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Application has been made for Mortgage Pandbrieven of any Series to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (where it is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms that such Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven is to be listed and admitted to 
trading on such market). 
2. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in connection 
with the issue of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and performance of its obligations hereunder. The update of 
the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Executive Committee of the Issuer passed on 1 
October 2024. 
3. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Mortgage Pandbrieven, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such Mortgage Pandbrieven will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date of the Mortgage Pandbrieven on the basis of the relevant issue price. The yield indicated will 
be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Mortgage Pandbrieven and will not be 
an indication of future yield. 
4. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. In 
addition, there are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably 
likely to have a material effect on the prospects of the Issuer for the current financial year. 
5. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer on 
a consolidated basis since 30 June 2024.  
6. 
There are no governmental, legal and arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the twelve months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or 
the Argenta Group’s financial position or profitability. 
7. 
The Mortgage Pandbrieven have been accepted for clearance through the Securities Settlement System 
operated by the National Bank of Belgium. The Common Code and the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) (and any other relevant identification number for any Alternative Clearing 
System) for each Series of Mortgage Pandbrieven will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
8. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the address of the National Bank of Belgium (i.e., the operator of 
the Securities Settlement System) is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of the operator of any Alternative Clearing System will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
9. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts entered into other than in the 
ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the 
Mortgage Pandbrieven being issued. 
10. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Mortgage Pandbrieven will be determined before filing 
of the relevant Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issuances of Mortgage 
Pandbrieven, except for investor reports (with regard to, amongst others, the composition of the Special 
Estate and which will be made available on the website of the Issuer at www.argenta.eu) and if required 
by any applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 208 ---
208
 
11. 
So long as any Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, the following documents will be available for 
inspection on the website of the Issuer (www.argenta.eu): 
(i) 
the up-to-date articles of association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements and each Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference herein. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms relating to Mortgage 
Pandbrieven listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and the documents 
incorporated by reference herein shall also be available, in electronic format, on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus information contained on any website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. Copies of Final Terms relating to Mortgage Pandbrieven which are admitted 
to trading on any other regulated market in the EEA, will be published in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with 
Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus will be published by the Issuer on its website (www.argenta.eu/investor-relations). 
This Base Prospectus will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years after the 
publication on the Issuer’s website. 
The Programme Agreement, the Noteholders’ Representative Agreement and the Agency Agreement 
will, so long as any Mortgage Pandbrieven are outstanding, be available for inspection during usual 
business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered 
office of the Paying Agent. 
12. 
The audit of the Issuer’s financial statements and annual report for the years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2023 and the review of the Issuer’s consolidated interim financial information for the 
half-year ended 30 June 2024, was conducted by KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren - KPMG Réviseurs 
d'Entreprises BV/SRL, represented by Kenneth Vermeire, Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1 K, 1930 
Zaventem (members of IBR – IRE Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/lnstitut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises).

--- Page 209 ---
209
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Argenta Spaarbank NV/SA 
Belgiëlei 49-53 
2018 Antwerp 
Belgium 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Place Charles Rogier 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
Norddeutsche Landesbank – Girozentrale – 
Friedrichswall 10 
30159 Hannover 
Germany 
Arranger 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Place Charles Rogier 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
Auditor 
KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1 K 
1930 Zaventem 
Belgium 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling (Belgium) LLP 
Tervurenlaan 268A avenue de Tervueren 
1150 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
To the Dealers 
 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Rue Belliard 9 
1040 Brussels 
Belgium