--- Page 1 ---
ARION BANK HF. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Arion Bank hf. (the 
Bank) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Bank 
and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes) or in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form registered in the Icelandic Securities Depository Ltd. (ISD 
Notes and the ISD, respectively). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the 
Programme Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and Sale")), subject to increase as described herein. The 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Bank (each 
a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Bank or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Bank.  Application has been made to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
The Bank has requested the CSSF to notify the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of 
Iceland (Fjármálaeftirlitið) (FSA), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation in Iceland, of its 
approval of the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. Application may be 
made to Nasdaq Iceland hf. reg. no. 681298-2829, Laugavegur 182, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland (Nasdaq 
Iceland) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Nasdaq Iceland Main 
Market, the regulated market of Nasdaq Iceland. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been (i) admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and admitted 
to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or (ii) admitted to trading on the Nasdaq Iceland 
Main Market, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and the Nasdaq Iceland Main Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II).

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its 
date until 2 September 2023 in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which 
will be filed with the CSSF.  Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or 
for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction (see "Subscription and 
Sale"). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer.  The 
Bank may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Bank has been rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P Ireland) and Baa1 by 
Moody’s Investors Ltd. (Moody’s).  S&P Ireland is established in the EEA and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). Moody’s is established in the United 
Kingdom (the UK) and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of United 
Kingdom (the UK) domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the 
UK CRA Regulation). The ratings issued by S&P Ireland have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, ratings issued by 
S&P Ireland and Moody’s may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s 
Deutschland) in accordance with the CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. Moody’s Deutschland 
is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. S&P Ireland and Moody's Deutschland 
are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agency referred to above.  Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to 
one of SONIA, SOFR, EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, REIBOR or CIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, (i) European Money Markets Institute (the administrator of 
EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (the administrator of NIBOR) are included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under Article 36 (the EU Benchmarks Register) of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) but not the register of administrators of the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority (the UK FCA) under Article 36 (the UK Benchmarks Register) of Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation), 
(ii) the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the FRBNY) (the administrator of SOFR), Bank of England (the 
administrator of SONIA), Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (the administrator of STIBOR) and the 
Central Bank of Iceland (the administrator of REIBOR) are not included in the EU Benchmarks Register or 
the UK Benchmarks Register and (iii) Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (the administrator of 
CIBOR) is included in both the EU Benchmarks Register and the UK Benchmarks Register.  As far as the 
Bank is aware, SONIA, SOFR and REIBOR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
or the UK Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of each such regulation and otherwise the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of each of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration in the European Union (the EU) or the UK and none of the other administrators are 
currently required to obtain authorisation/registration in the EU or the UK, as applicable (or, in each case, if 
located outside the EU and/or the UK, respectively, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup  
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
J.P. Morgan  
Morgan Stanley  
Nomura  
Pareto Securities  
UBS Investment Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 2 September 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Bank the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information.   
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in 
it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Bank in connection with the Programme.  No 
Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Bank in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Bank to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Bank or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Bank or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Bank.  Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Bank or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Bank is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Bank during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Bank and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Bank or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including Belgium), the UK, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Switzerland, see "Subscription and Sale". 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under European Union Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that the minimum denomination of each Note will be 
€100,000. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as 
amended, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes 
shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it:

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
GREEN NOTES 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any “green” or “environmental” assessment of any Green 
Notes (as defined herein) or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will 
meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding any “green” or similar labels. None of the Dealers 
is responsible for any assessment of any Eligible Assets (as defined herein) or the use of proceeds of any 
Green Notes, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given 
by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made 
available in connection with any issue of Green Notes, nor is any such opinion or certification a 
recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any Green Notes are, or are 
intended to be listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental” or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The consolidated financial information as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 has, unless 
otherwise stated, and except for the below, been derived from the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements 
and the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (together, 
the Annual Financial Statements). The Annual Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the EU (IFRS), and additional requirements 
set forth in Act No. 3/2006 on Annual Accounts, as amended (the Annual Accounts Act), Act No. 161/2002 
on Financial Undertakings, as amended (the Financial Undertakings Act) and Rules No. 532/2003 on 
Accounting for Credit Institutions (Rules on Accounting for Credit Institutions).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
The consolidated financial information as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 has, unless 
otherwise stated, been derived from the Bank’s unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements for the six months ended 30 June 2022 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (the Q2 
2022 Interim Financial Statements). The Q2 2022 Interim Financial Statements have been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standard, IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting, as adopted 
by the EU, and additional requirements set forth in the Annual Accounts Act, the Financial Undertakings Act 
and Rules on Accounting for Credit Institutions. 
Financial information in this Base Prospectus is presented on a consolidated basis unless otherwise indicated. 
The Annual Financial Statements have been audited and the Q2 2022 Interim Financial Statements have 
been reviewed, in each case by Deloitte ehf. (Deloitte). No other information in this Base Prospectus has 
been audited or reviewed by Deloitte or any other independent auditors. 
The Bank's shareholding in its subsidiary Valitor Holding hf. (Valitor) was 100 per cent. at 31 December 
2020. The Bank started the process of divesting the Bank's shareholding in Valitor in the first quarter of 
2019. On 1 July 2021, Rapyd, a global Fintech-as-a-Service company, entered into a definitive agreement 
with the Bank to acquire Valitor. The sale of Valitor to Rapyd closed on 1 July 2022. Valitor is classified as 
a disposal group held for sale in the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with IFRS 5, 
Non-current assets and the disposal groups held for sale (IFRS 5). 
Operating Segment Reporting 
Segment information is presented in respect of the Group’s operating segments based on the Group’s 
management and internal reporting structure. Segment performance is evaluated based on earnings before 
tax. In presenting geographic information, segment revenue has been based on the geographic location of 
customers. Inter segment pricing is determined on an arm’s length basis. Operating segments pay and receive 
interest to and from Treasury on an arm’s length basis to reflect the allocation of capital, funding costs and 
relevant risk premium, which intragroup metrics disappear upon consolidation. 
A new organisational structure for the Bank was introduced and came into effect at the end of September 
2019. The number of divisions was reduced and responsibility for various other tasks redistributed with the 
aim of simplifying the Bank’s organisational structure. Following this reorganisation, the Bank has the 
following operating segments: (1) Retail Banking; (2) Corporate & Investment Banking; (3) Markets; (4) 
Treasury; (5) Vörður tryggingar hf. (Vörður); and (6) Subsidiaries. See “Description of the Bank – 
Business”. 
KPIs and Non-IFRS Information 
This Base Prospectus contains certain financial measures that are not defined or recognised under IFRS, 
exclude amounts that are included in, or include amounts that are excluded from, the most directly 
comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS, or are calculated using financial 
measures that are not calculated in accordance with IFRS. 
The Bank’s financial key performance indicators (KPIs) in this Base Prospectus comprise return on equity, 
return on assets, return on risk-weighted assets, net interest margin on interest-earning assets, net interest 
margin on total assets, cost-to-income ratio and cost-to-total assets ratio, cost of risk and loan-to-deposit 
ratio. 
The Bank’s non-IFRS measures comprise return on equity excluding Valitor, cost-to-income ratio excluding 
Valitor and loan-to-deposit ratio excluding covered bonds (collectively, the Non-IFRS Information). 
The Bank uses these indicators in its business operations, among other things, to evaluate the performance of 
its operations, to develop budgets and to measure the Bank’s performance against those budgets. The Bank

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
believes the Non-IFRS Information and the KPIs to be useful supplemental tools to assist in evaluating 
operating performance because it considers the Non-IFRS Information and KPIs to reflect its underlying 
business performance and believes that these measures provide additional useful information for prospective 
investors on its performance, enhance comparability from period to period and with other companies and are 
consistent with how business performance is measured internally. 
The Non-IFRS Information and related measures are not measurements of performance or liquidity under 
IFRS and should not be considered by investors in isolation or as a substitute for measures of earnings, or as 
an indicator of the Bank’s operating performance or cash flows from operating activities as determined in 
accordance with IFRS or otherwise as a substitute for analysis of the Bank’s operating results reported under 
IFRS as set out in the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements. The Bank has presented these supplemental 
measures because they are used by the Bank to monitor the underlying performance of its business and 
operations. The Non-IFRS Information and related measures may not be comparable to similarly titled 
measures disclosed by other banks and have limitations as analytical tools. The Bank does not regard the 
Non-IFRS Information as a substitute for, or superior to, the equivalent measures calculated and presented in 
accordance with IFRS or those calculated using financial measures that are calculated in accordance with 
IFRS. The Non-IFRS Information described in this Base Prospectus is unaudited and has not been prepared 
in accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles.  
For definitions of the non-IFRS measures included in the Non-IFRS Information and KPIs, see “Key 
Financial Indicators”. 
General 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus.  
In addition, in this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
2021 Consolidated Financial Statements means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Bank for the financial year ended 31 December 2021; 
2020 Consolidated Financial Statements means the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Bank for the financial year ended 31 December 2020; 
References in this Base Prospectus to the Group are to the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole; 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
ISK, krona and kronur refer to Icelandic Krona;  
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Certain figures in this Base Prospectus, including financial information, have been subject to rounding 
adjustments. Accordingly, in certain instances (a) the sum or percentage change of such numbers may not 
conform exactly to the total figure given and (b) the sum of the numbers in a column or row in certain tables 
may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Forward Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains forward looking statements that reflect the Bank’s intentions, beliefs or 
current expectations and projections about its future business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies and opportunities and the markets in which 
it operates. Forward looking statements involve all matters that are not historical facts. The Bank has tried to 
identify forward looking statements by using words such as “may”, “will”, “would”, “could”, “should”, 
“expects”, “intends”, “estimates”, “anticipates”, “projects”, “believes”, “could”, “hopes”, “seeks”, “plans”, 
“aims”, “objective”, “potential”, “goal”, “strategy”, “target”, “continue” and similar expressions or negatives 
thereof or other variations thereof or comparable terminology or by discussions of strategy that involve risks 
and uncertainties. Forward looking statements may be found principally in sections of this Base Prospectus 
titled “Risk Factors” and “Description of the Bank” as well as elsewhere. 
Forward looking statements are based on the Bank’s beliefs, assumptions and expectations regarding future 
events and trends that affect the Bank’s future performance, taking into account all information currently 
available to the Bank, and are not guarantees of future performance. These beliefs, assumptions and 
expectations can change as a result of possible events or factors, not all of which are known to the Bank or 
are within its control. If a change occurs, the Bank’s business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies or opportunities may vary materially from 
those expressed in, or suggested by, these forward looking statements. In addition, forward looking estimates 
and forecasts reproduced in this Base Prospectus from third party reports could prove to be inaccurate. A 
number of important factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed 
in any forward-looking statement as a result of risks and uncertainties facing the Bank. Such risks, 
uncertainties and other important factors include, but are not limited to, those listed in the section of this 
Base Prospectus titled “Risk Factors”. 
The following include some but not all of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ 
materially from the anticipated results or events:  
• 
deterioration of the economic conditions or the banking system in Iceland, as a result of political and 
economic factors, either domestic or international such as the impact on the Icelandic economy of global 
pandemics or the Russian invasion of Ukraine; 
• 
exposure to Iceland’s key industry sectors, in particular tourism, seafood, aluminium, energy and real 
estate; 
• 
an adverse shift in public sentiment and potential political or legislative action;  
• 
exposure to liquidity, maturity, foreign exchange, and market funding risks, and various other typical 
financial institution market risks relating to interest rates, equity pricing and inflation; 
• 
failure or breach of the Bank’s information technology systems; 
• 
unauthorised disclosure of confidential information and any resulting liability, litigation, and reputational 
damage; 
• 
exposure to tax liabilities or competitive disadvantages in respect of VAT on the Bank’s services; 
• 
existing customer loan portfolio exposure to problem and impaired loans; 
• 
costs and competitive disadvantages resulting from the Bank Levy and other taxes;

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
• 
domestic economic constraints on near-term growth; 
• 
failure to implement the Bank’s strategy or failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of this strategy; 
• 
exposure to existing and increasing competition in Iceland; 
• 
regulatory and legal risks inherent in the Bank’s businesses; 
• 
ongoing legal proceedings and investigations by government authorities; 
• 
inadequate implementation by Iceland of the EEA rules; 
• 
delayed incorporation of the relevant EU legislation into the EEA Agreement; 
• 
potential inability to successfully maintain salary levels, and overrunning salaries and related expense 
may give rise to reputational risk while heavy cost-cutting measures may have adverse effects on 
operations; 
• 
foreign exchange transactions may be subject to the Capital Controls; 
• 
potential inability to recruit or retain experienced personnel or key members of the Executive 
Committee; 
• 
credit rating downgrade or a change in outlook; 
• 
various operational risks, including risk of systems failures, human error, regulatory breaches, and 
employee misconduct;  
• 
damage to the reputation of the Bank, its subsidiaries or its shareholders; 
• 
exposure to unidentified, unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risks as a result of risk management 
methods; 
• 
reliance on third party service providers; 
• 
violation of anti-money laundering or anti-bribery regulations; 
• 
application of CRD IV (and the CRD V Directive when implemented); 
• 
restriction, suspension or termination of relationships with key card scheme operators; 
• 
failure of the Markets division to sustain or increase its level of assets under management and pressure 
on fee margins; 
• 
incurrence of unforeseen liabilities from prior and future acquisitions and disposals; and 
• 
inadequate insurance coverage.  
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise or should any of the assumptions underlying 
the above or other factors prove to be incorrect, the Bank’s future business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies or opportunities could differ 
materially from those described herein as currently anticipated, believed, estimated or expected.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Investors or potential investors should not place undue reliance on the forward looking statements in this 
Base Prospectus. The Bank urges investors to read the sections of this Base Prospectus titled “Risk Factors” 
and “Description of the Bank” for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the Bank’s 
future performance and the markets in which it operates. In light of the possible changes to the Bank’s 
beliefs, assumptions and expectations, the forward looking events described in this Base Prospectus may not 
occur. Additional risks currently not known to the Bank or that the Bank has not considered material as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus could also cause the forward looking events discussed in this Base 
Prospectus not to occur. Forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only 
as of the date they are made. The Bank undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the 
forward looking statements in light of new information or future events, except to the extent required by 
applicable law. 
Information provided by third parties is as specified herein.  The Bank confirms that any information 
provided by a third party has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 14 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 21 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 62 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 65 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 68 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 86 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 146 
Financial Markets in Iceland .......................................................................................................................... 148 
Description of the Bank .................................................................................................................................. 152 
Key Financial Indicators ................................................................................................................................ 171 
Funding and Liquidity .................................................................................................................................... 172 
Risk Management ........................................................................................................................................... 174 
Capital Adequacy ........................................................................................................................................... 185 
Management and Employees .......................................................................................................................... 187 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 195 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 199 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 204

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Arion Bank hf.  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
RIL4VBPDB0M7Z3KXSF19 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Bank's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of 
a particular series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Pareto Securities AB 
UBS Europe SE 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting 
requirements 
apply 
will 
only 
be 
issued 
in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
ISD Agent:  
Arion Bank hf. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Bank may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed between the Bank 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Bank or the relevant 
Specified Currency.   
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par and will 
be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form or in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form registered in the ISD, as 
described in "Form of the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Bank and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Fixed Reset Notes: 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset 
Date by reference to the relevant Reset Margin and Reset 
Reference Rate. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(ISDA), and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definition (as published by ISDA at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Bank and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
Notes may be offered in circumstances where the provisions 
relating to Floating Rate Notes will apply for a certain period 
and, at the end of such period, the provisions relating to Fixed 
Rate Notes will apply until the Maturity Date (or vice versa), as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest.   
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes will bear interest adjusted for inflation in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 3.6 and 
payable on such date or dates as may be agreed with the Bank. 
Inflation Linked Notes will be redeemed by payment of one or 
more amounts adjusted for inflation in accordance with the 
provisions set out in Condition 5.15, constituting payments of 
principal in relation to such Inflation Linked Notes. 
Inflation Linked Amortising Notes: 
Inflation Linked Amortising Notes will bear interest and will be 
redeemed by payment of one or more amounts, adjusted in each 
case for inflation in accordance with the provisions set out in 
Conditions 3.5 and 4.8, which will be payable on such date or 
dates as may be agreed with the Bank. 
Other provisions in relation to Inflation Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Amortising Notes

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Linked Notes and Inflation Linked 
Amortising Notes: 
may have variable interest amounts and principal amounts. 
Interest on Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation Linked 
Amortising Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Bank and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on the relevant Interest Payment Dates. The interest 
payable will be calculated in accordance with the formula set out 
in Condition 3.5 for Inflation Linked Notes and Condition 3.6 
for Inflation Linked Amortising Notes. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that (i) the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than following a Tax Event (in the case of any Notes), 
following an Event of Default (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), upon the occurrence of 
a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or upon the 
Occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)) or (ii) such Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Bank and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Bank, as the case 
may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer. The Notes will only 
be redeemed at an amount of more than 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount in the case of certain Zero Coupon Notes. 
 
No early redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes (where 
Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes may take place 
without the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if 
and to the extent such consent is required). See Condition 5.10. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
Subordinated Notes - Substitution or 
Variation: 
If at any time a Tax Event or a Capital Event occurs, or if 
required in order to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of 
Condition 17, the Bank may, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5.10 (if, and to the extent so required), either 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for, 
or vary their terms so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as defined in 
Condition 5.12), as further provided in Condition 5.12. 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred 
Notes 
- 
Substitution 
or 
Variation: 
If at any time a Tax Event or an MREL Disqualification occurs, 
or if required in order to ensure the effectiveness or 
enforceability of Condition 17, the Bank may, subject to the 
provisions of 5.10 (if, and to the extent so required), either 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior Preferred Notes

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
(other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes for, or vary their terms so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes, 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Qualifying 
Securities (each as defined in Condition 5.13), as further 
provided in Condition 5.13. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Fixed Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes other 
than where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, if the Bank 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the relevant 
benchmark or screen rate may be replaced by a Successor Rate 
or, if there is no Successor Rate but the Bank determines there is 
an Alternative Rate (acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent 
Adviser), such Alternative Rate. An Adjustment Spread may also 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), together with any Benchmark Amendments (which 
in the case of any Alternative Rate, any Adjustment Spread 
unless formally recommended or provided for and any 
Benchmark Amendments shall be determined by the Bank, 
acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may 
include consultation with an Independent Adviser). This is 
further described in Condition 3.4. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 6.  In the event that 
any such deduction is made, the Bank will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 6, be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross Default: 
Only the terms of Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted 
Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 8.1(c).

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes may be issued on a senior preferred (Senior 
Preferred Notes), a senior non-preferred (Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) or a subordinated (Subordinated Notes) basis, 
as described in Condition 2 and as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Listing, Approval and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus.  Application has also been made 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
 
The Bank has requested the CSSF to notify the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation in Iceland, 
of its approval of the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 25 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Application may be made to Nasdaq Iceland for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Nasdaq 
Iceland Main Market, the regulated market of Nasdaq Iceland. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Bearer Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Bearer Notes will be governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except 
for Condition 2 and Condition 17 of the Bearer Notes which will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic law. 
 
Condition 2 and Condition 17 of the Bearer Notes and the ISD 
Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with Condition 2 or Condition 17 of the Bearer Notes 
or the ISD Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Icelandic law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK,

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Switzerland and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2.  TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Bank may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of risks which individually or together 
could result in the Bank becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  It is not possible 
to identify all such risks or to determine which risks are most likely to occur, as the Bank may not be aware 
of all relevant risks and certain risks which it currently deems not to be material or which are unknown and 
may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Bank's control.  The Bank has 
identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business 
and ability to make payments due under the Notes.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BANK 
The Bank's business is materially affected by the strength of Iceland's economy which remains vulnerable 
to a range of domestic and international economic and political factors 
The Bank currently conducts substantially all of its business in Iceland. Accordingly, its performance is 
influenced by the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Iceland, and the overall strength of 
Iceland’s economy, which in turn has been and will continue to be affected by both domestic and 
international economic and political factors. 
Gross domestic product (GDP) grew by 4.6 per cent. in 2018 and 1.9 per cent. in 2019 before, according to 
preliminary figures, contracting by 7.7 per cent. in 2020 (source: Statistics Iceland). GDP growth recovered 
to 4.3 per cent. in 2021 (source: Statistics Iceland). Despite the almost 76 per cent. drop in tourist arrivals 
between 2019 and 2020 (source: Icelandic Tourist Board) and the resulting substantial negative impact of 
external trade on GDP, private consumption increased, softening to some extent the economic contraction. 
While Iceland has experienced a strong economic recovery following the reduced impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic in Iceland, with the availability of vaccines, the implementation of vaccination programmes and 
prior infection rates having a positive impact, there can be no assurance that Iceland’s speed of recovery will 
be sustained in the longer run. 
The domestic factors that could affect the strength of Iceland’s economy include: 
• 
Fluctuations in the value of Icelandic Krona: in 2021, Icelandic Krona depreciated by 1.58 per cent. 
against the U.S. dollar but appreciated 5.0 per cent. against the euro (source: Bloomberg). In 2020, 
Icelandic krona depreciated by 5.5 per cent. against the U.S. dollar and 14.9 per cent. against the euro 
(source: Bloomberg).  A devaluation of Icelandic Krona and an increase in the cost of imports could 
diminish consumer confidence and lead to contraction in certain sectors, such as real estate. 
Alternatively, the appreciation in the value of Icelandic Krona could lead to decreased demand for 
Icelandic exports or services, including tourism (i.e. as a source of foreign income), and could make 
Iceland less competitive relative to other economies and currencies. 
• 
Inflation: the rate of inflation in June 2022 was 9.9 per cent. (year-on-year), which is above the target 
rate of 2.5 per cent. per annum set by the Central Bank of Iceland (Seðlabanki Íslands) (the Icelandic 
Central Bank). As per the Icelandic Central Bank’s Monetary Bulletin dated May 2022, inflation is not 
expected to fall below 4 per cent. until late 2023. It is then projected to average 2.9 per cent. in 2024 
and be close to the target of 2.5 per cent. in mid-2025. Inflation in Iceland will continue to be strongly 
associated with factors such as the relative value of the ISK, nominal wages, fiscal policy and housing

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
prices. In response to the increased inflation, the Icelandic Central Bank has been steadily increasing its 
key interest rate, which was increased by 0.25 per cent. to 1.0 per cent. in May 2021, by another 0.25 
per cent. to 1.25 per cent. in August 2021, by a further 0.25 per cent. to 1.5 per cent. in October 2021, 
by 0.5 per cent. to 2 per cent. in November 2021, by 0.75 per cent. to 2.75 per cent. in February 2022, 
by 1.0 per cent. to 3.75 per cent. in May 2022 and by a further 1.0 per cent. to 4.75 per cent. in June 
2022.    
Iceland’s economy also remains vulnerable to external factors, including conditions in Europe and other 
international economic and political developments, many of which are outside the control of the Icelandic 
government. In particular, instability or deterioration of the international financial markets could have a 
material adverse effect on the recovery of the Icelandic economy, especially given the relatively small size of 
the Icelandic economy and its dependence on trade with external partners, particularly the EU. 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 has caused significant disruption, instability and volatility in 
global markets, as well as higher inflation (including by contributing to increases in energy and commodity 
prices and further disruption to supply chains) and lower growth. In response to higher inflation, leading 
central banks have initiated a tightening of their monetary policies, including by increasing policy rates and 
withdrawing monetary stimulus. The tightening monetary policies are likely to continue going forward in 
most economies and this could cause a significant slowdown in economic growth as well as volatility in 
financial markets. 
Following Russia’s actions, many countries, including the EU, UK, United States and Canada have imposed 
significant sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests and further sanctions may be 
imposed. Significant uncertainty remains as to the full extent of the adverse economic consequences of the 
Russia-Ukraine war. Further escalation of the conflict could cause further geopolitical uncertainty, trade 
restrictions, global inflationary pressure, which in turn could have further adverse impact on the global and 
Icelandic economic environment. 
A global recession as a result of the any of the above factors is likely to affect demand for, and the price of, 
Iceland’s most important products and exports (i.e. tourism, seafood and aluminium). The occurrence of any 
of the above factors could adversely affect Iceland’s economy, which in turn could have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank's business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank’s operations are exposed to Iceland’s key industry sectors, particularly tourism, seafood, 
aluminium, energy and real estate 
Iceland’s economy depends in large measure on a select number of industry sectors. In terms of exports, 
which accounted for 34 per cent. of Iceland’s GDP in 2020, the largest are tourism (i.e. as a source of foreign 
income), seafood, aluminium and other industrial goods and services, which accounted for 12 per cent., 27 
per cent., 21 per cent. and 41 per cent., respectively, of total exports in 2020 (source: Statistics Iceland). In 
addition, growth in the real estate industry sector has helped to fuel the domestic economy and, as of 31 
December 2021, loans in the real estate industry sector accounted for 9.6 per cent. of the Bank’s customer 
loan portfolio (the customer loan portfolio). 
Key risks in these industry sectors include: 
• 
Tourism: In view of its contribution to the Icelandic economy, any decline of the Icelandic tourism 
industry sector such as that currently being experienced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and 
whether otherwise as a result of a global economic downturn, financial difficulties of key companies in 
the tourism industry, natural disasters, a significant appreciation of Icelandic Krona or other factors, 
could have an adverse impact on the Icelandic economy.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
• 
Seafood: The seafood industry in Iceland depends on the availability of plentiful stocks of various 
seafood species and the international demand for seafood, and any decline in stocks, a decrease in quotas 
for a particular seafood species, a decrease in international demand or a significant appreciation of 
Icelandic Krona could have a material adverse effect on the seafood industry sector. Following the exit 
of the UK from the EU, Iceland signed a free trade agreement with the UK which provides for similar 
market access for the sale of Icelandic seafood into the UK. There can be no assurance however that the 
UK’s exit from the EU does not have a material impact on the seafood industry in Iceland, including due 
to the UK ceasing to be a point of entry into the EU market. 
• 
Aluminium: Iceland’s aluminium industry sector has developed as a result of the availability of 
extensive, relatively inexpensive renewable energy sources to support energy-intensive aluminium 
smelting operations. Consequently, aluminium (smelted from imported raw materials) has become a 
principal component of Iceland’s exports. Should the price of aluminium decline, to the point where it is 
no longer economical for aluminium producers to ship raw materials for smelting in Iceland, or if 
aluminium producers are able to find equivalent or cheaper sources of energy for their smelting 
operations, Iceland’s aluminium exports could decline. 
• 
Energy: According to the National Energy Authority of Iceland (Orkustofnun), nearly all stationary 
energy in Iceland is derived from renewable sources, such as hydro, wind and geothermal sources, and 
Iceland has become a key exporter of know-how regarding renewable energy sources. If Iceland is not 
able to keep up with the pace of worldwide developments in energy technology, for example, due to a 
shortage of skilled technicians or a lack of educational programmes specialising in energy, or if foreign 
investment in Icelandic energy projects and initiatives is not sufficient for its projected growth, Iceland’s 
advantage in the energy industry sector could be impaired. 
• 
Real estate: Real estate prices have continued to rise in recent months and the market is characterised by 
severe mismatches between supply and demand. Housing prices have increased by 47 per cent. from 
December 2019 to June 2022 as measured by the index of house prices in the capital area in Iceland. The 
index rose 7.7 per cent. in 2020, 18.4 per cent. in 2021 and 16.1 per cent. in the period January to June 
2022. The increase in housing prices was partly due to lower interest rates as the Icelandic Central Bank 
lowered rates in response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures adopted to mitigate 
such impact on the Icelandic economy. However,  interest rates are now rising due to increased inflation, 
which has caused mortgage rates to rise accordingly which could negatively affect housing prices as well 
as mortgage affordability for households. Imbalances between property prices and their determinants 
have grown more pronounced. All of this indicates that risk in the housing market has mounted in the 
recent term, and the likelihood of stagnation or a correction in the market has increased, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the real estate industry sector in Iceland. 
As a universal relationship bank with substantially all of its operations in Iceland, a decline in any of these 
industry sectors as a result of the occurrence of any of the above or other factors, including the COVID-19 
pandemic, increased inflation, natural disasters or other cataclysmic events outside the control of the Bank, 
could, for example, result in higher levels of problem loans, defined as loans more than 90 days past due but 
not impaired and other problem (i.e. individually impaired) loans, and provisions for losses on such problem 
loans (particularly in the Corporate & Investment Banking division), reduced demand for mortgage loans (in 
the Retail Banking division) and a reduction of transactions executed for customers. In addition, a decline in 
any of these industry sectors may negatively affect the broader Icelandic economy. Accordingly, a decline in 
any of the key industry sectors may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, 
financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Risks associated with pandemics like the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank's business, financial position, results of operations and prospects 
The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted global economic and business conditions, including 
significant volatility in financial and commodities markets. Emergence of new variants continues to remain a

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
source of concern and similar outbreaks of other diseases may have a further adverse impact on the global 
economy.   
A substantial amount of the Bank's business involves making loans or otherwise committing resources to 
borrowers, including individuals and companies in various industries. The impact of episodes like the 
COVID-19 pandemic and their associated consequences and uncertainties on individuals, households, and 
businesses could adversely impact the Bank's business, financial position, results of operations and 
prospects. It could also lead to higher demand and/or lower availability of certain resources, as well as 
supply chain disruption and bottlenecks, which could, in certain cases, make it more difficult for the Bank to 
maintain the quality and continuity of its services.    
The foregoing factors may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk 
Factors” section. As a result, the Bank's business, financial position, results of operations, and prospects may 
be materially adversely affected. 
The Bank is exposed to significant liquidity risk 
Banking institutions are exposed to liquidity risk, resulting from the fact that the maturity of assets (typically 
loans) exceeds the maturity of liabilities (the majority of which are demand deposits or otherwise short term) 
or might not otherwise be adequately matched with the maturity profile of other sources of funding. 
The Bank’s primary source of funding has historically been deposits from individuals, corporations and 
financial institutions, although it also accesses international and domestic capital markets for funding 
through bond issuances under the Programme and covered bond facilities. For additional information on the 
Group’s deposits, see “Risk Management – Liquidity Risk”.  
The Bank has extended the maturity profile of its liabilities, strengthened its liquidity reserve and converted 
a large portion of its demand deposits to term deposits (with 76 per cent. of the Bank’s deposits being on 
demand as of 31 December 2021, as compared to over 90 per cent. as of 31 December 2009). See “Risk 
Management – Liquidity Risk”. However, no assurance can be given that the Bank will continue to be 
successful in converting its demand deposits to term deposits or will otherwise be able to increase the 
maturity profile of its funding. 
The Bank’s non-deposit funding primarily consists of Notes issued under the Programme that are 
denominated, among others, in euro, Norwegian krone (NOK or Norwegian Krone) and U.S. dollars 
(including issue of the U.S.$100,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Convertible Notes by 
the Bank on 26 February 2020), covered bonds issued under its Covered Bond Programme that are 
denominated in euro and Icelandic krona, other loans and equity funding.  
In recent years the Bank has sought to further diversify its funding profile through increased debt issuances 
and will continue to do so if its deposit base declines or fails to grow relative to any increases in its assets, as 
there will be a natural limit on the scope for growth in deposits in view of Iceland’s relatively small economy 
and in view of competition for funding with other banks and with pension funds. The Bank’s loan-to-deposit 
ratio was 142.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2021 (111.8 per cent. excluding covered bonds (which is Non-
IFRS Information)), as compared to 144.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2020 (117.7 per cent. excluding 
covered bonds) and, as a result, the Bank continues to rely significantly on non-deposit funding to fund its 
customer loan portfolio. The ability of the Bank to access the domestic and international capital markets 
depends on a variety of factors, including market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of 
trading activities and rating agencies’ and investors’ assessment of the Bank’s credit strength and of the state 
of Iceland’s economy. These and other factors could limit the Bank’s ability to raise funding in the capital 
markets, which could in turn result in an increase in its cost of funding or could have other material adverse 
effects on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Following the further easing of the Capital Controls in March 2017, the Bank’s funding did not experience 
any significant withdrawal of deposits denominated in Icelandic Krona by customers who were restricted to 
some extent from doing so due to the Capital Controls. However, no assurance can be given that the 
Icelandic Central Bank will be able to halt capital flight in the event further Capital Controls are imposed in 
the future. 
To the extent that the Bank fails to match more closely the maturity profiles of its assets and liabilities or 
otherwise ensure that its funding grows in line with any growth in its customer loan portfolio, the Bank will 
continue to be exposed to a material risk that it may be unable to repay its obligations under its funding 
instruments when due, or will only be able to do so at excessive cost, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank is exposed to a range of other typical financial institution market risks, including interest rate 
risk and equity price risk, as well as inflation risk in connection with its inflation-linked assets and 
liabilities 
As a financial institution, the Bank is exposed to various market risks, including interest rate risk and equity 
price risk; in addition, the Bank is exposed to inflation risk in connection with its inflation-linked assets and 
liabilities. The Bank’s exposure to these market risks arises from imbalances on the Bank’s balance sheet as 
well as in market making activities and position taking in certain securities traded by it. The Bank’s strategy 
towards market risk is to seek to limit the risk exposure that arises as a result of imbalances on the Bank’s 
balance sheet but to accept limited market risk in its trading book. The market risk in the trading book arises 
from market-making activities, whereas market risk in the banking book arises from mismatches in assets 
and liabilities, primarily in relation to currencies, maturities and interest rates. The Bank’s market-making 
activities are largely in Icelandic treasury notes and listed equity securities. The Bank has implemented a 
number of position limits and other controls designed to limit its trading book exposure, but no assurance can 
be given that these controls will be effective in all circumstances. The Bank is exposed to the risk that these 
controls do not prove to be effective in all circumstances and that the Bank could therefore experience 
material losses in its trading book. In addition, to the extent that these securities are marked to market, the 
Bank could experience significant fluctuations in its consolidated income statement as a result of movements 
in the market value of these securities. The results of operations of the asset management operations of the 
Bank are also subject to market risk, as fluctuations in the markets in which the asset management operations 
of the Bank hold assets under management can have a significant impact on their results of operations. 
In relation to its balance sheet, the Bank’s operations are subject to interest rate risk associated with 
mismatches between its interest-earning assets and its interest-earning liabilities. The principal mismatch 
arises from the Bank’s fixed interest liabilities as against its floating rate assets. The Bank also faces interest 
rate risk between its interest-earning assets and interest-earning liabilities due to different floating rate 
calculations in different currencies. 
In a period of increasing interest rates, the Bank’s level of interest expense may increase more rapidly than 
the interest it earns on its loans and other assets. Unfavourable market movements in interest rates (for 
example, a prolonged period of flatter than usual interest rate curves, a stronger than expected rise in interest 
rates, in certain circumstances negative interest rates or an inverse yield curve) could materially adversely 
affect earnings and current and future cash flows. Changes in interest rates may also negatively affect the 
value of the Bank’s assets and its ability to realise gains or avoid losses from the sale of such assets, all of 
which would ultimately affect the Bank’s net results. 
In addition, the Bank is exposed to inflation risk when there is a mismatch between its assets and liabilities 
linked to the Consumer Price Index (the CPI). As of 31 December 2021, the total amount of the Bank’s CPI-
linked assets was ISK 237,735 million and the total amount of its CPI-linked liabilities was ISK 211,717 
million. In the event of periods of very low inflation or of deflation, CPI-linked assets would generate

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
diminished levels of net interest income, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s net 
interest margin. Such assets would also decrease in value during periods of very low inflation or of deflation. 
The Bank also has significant maturity mismatches in its CPI-linked assets and liabilities, which arise from 
the fact that a significant proportion of the Bank’s CPI-linked mortgages is not match-funded. The Bank is 
faced with interest rate risk and liquidity risk when CPI-linked mortgages are funded with liabilities which 
have a shorter interest-fixing period and maturity. Although the Bank has implemented a range of risk 
management procedures designed to mitigate these risks, no assurance can be given that these controls will 
be effective in all circumstances, in which case the Bank could experience material losses. Any losses 
experienced by the Bank as a result of its market risk exposures could have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments 
in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank is exposed to credit risk and its customer loan portfolio contains certain problem and impaired 
loans 
As a financial institution engaged in lending to individuals and companies, the Bank faces credit risk which 
arises from the possible failure of repayment by the borrower and/or the loans not being secured sufficiently. 
Although the Bank attempts to manage this risk through its credit risk management policies by monitoring 
the extension of credit to customers and taking of collateral, there is no guarantee that such precautions will 
be effective, and the Bank could be exposed to more credit risk than it finds acceptable. For example, non-
compliance by employees with the Bank’s credit risk management policies can result in riskier loans being 
extended than permitted. In addition, the Bank may fail to assess the inherent risk in each loan application 
correctly, the credit quality of borrowers or the value of collateral could decline, and deviations from the 
rules by committees allowed to make such deviations could become more frequent, especially in response to 
increased competition amongst lenders due to any deterioration in the economic situation in Iceland. Any of 
the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position 
and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
On 22 January 2018 Sameinad silicon hf. (United Silicon) was declared bankrupt following serious 
operational problems which resulted in its operating licence being temporarily suspended, as well as a failed 
attempt at reaching a composition with its creditors. In February 2018 an agreement was reached between 
the administrator of the bankrupt estate of United Silicon and the Bank, whereby the Bank foreclosed against 
its collateral and acquired all of United Silicon’s main assets. The assets of the silicon plant are currently 
managed by Stakksberg ehf. (Stakksberg), which is held by the Bank through the subsidiary Eignabjarg ehf.  
Stakksberg has, since the transfer of the assets from United Silicon, successfully worked to reduce 
uncertainties surrounding the recommissioning of the silicon plant. The Bank's objective is to divest 
Stakksberg on the basis of this preparatory work. Consequently Stakksberg is classified as a disposal group 
held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5. In January 2022, a letter of intent was signed with a potential buyer 
for this asset, and due diligence is in progress which is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2022. 
The result of the due diligence is as yet unknown. Stakksberg had a negative impact on the consolidated 
income statement of the Bank for the year ended 31 December 2021 of ISK 0.2 billion due to the impairment 
of the silicon plant. Although the Bank does not anticipate further impairments relating to United Silicon at 
this time, there can be no assurance that further impairments or losses relating to United Silicon will not 
occur, or that a sale of United Silicon will be achieved. 
Stakksberg has been working to reduce uncertainty regarding the recommissioning of the silicon plant, but 
the sale of the company has fallen behind the original schedule for a number of external reasons. Stakksberg 
had a negative impact on the consolidated income statement of the Bank for the year ended 31 December 
2020 of ISK 1.4 billion due to the impairment of the silicon plant. As at 31 December 2021, the book value 
of Stakksberg was ISK 1.5 billion which broadly reflects the value of the plot of land on which the silicon 
plant is located and the re-sale value of the machinery. 
Sólbjarg ehf. (Sólbjarg) administers the Bank’s shareholding in travel companies in Scandinavia and Iceland 
which previously belonged to TravelCo hf. and its subsidiaries (TravelCo). The business has been

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
undergoing restructuring during the year as the travel industry has been significantly impacted by the global 
COVID-19 pandemic. As part of the restructuring process, units have been sold off, both in Iceland and 
abroad. Sólbjarg had a positive impact on the consolidated income statement of the Bank for the year ended 
31 December 2021 of ISK 0.7 billion and the main reason for this is the sale of the company’s underlying 
assets. As at 31 December 2021, the net book value of Sólbjarg was ISK 0.3 billion. 
As demonstrated by the impairments the Bank incurred in respect of United Silicon and TravelCo, no 
assurance can be given that any currently performing loans will not become problem loans in the future, 
whether as a result of a general impairment of conditions in a particular customer or class of customers, a 
deterioration of the Icelandic economy or otherwise, or that impairments or losses relating to problem loans 
will not occur. Actions the Bank may take with respect to problem loans, such as enforcing collateral or 
forcing a bankruptcy in respect of problem loans, may have an adverse impact on customers in the Bank’s 
other divisions, for example if such customers had invested in equity of the relevant problem borrowers or 
had other exposure to such borrowers through products and services provided by other divisions of the Bank, 
such as Markets, and experienced losses as a result. 
In particular: 
• 
as of 31 December 2021, 1.9 per cent. of the Bank’s gross customer loan portfolio was classified as 
Stage 3 loans (including purchased or originated credit impaired financial assets); and  
• 
the Bank has significant exposure to the real estate and construction and the seafood industry sectors, 
with exposure amounting to 13.6 per cent. and 8.3 per cent., respectively, of the Bank’s total loans to 
customers as of 31 December 2021 in the Corporate & Investment Banking division. The Bank’s 
exposure to the tourism industry amounts to 7.6 per cent. of the Bank’s total loans to customers as of 
31 December 2021. 
The Bank has concluded that credit risk relating to its tourism exposure has significantly increased in credit 
risk and has taken this into consideration in its provision calculations for the 2021 Financial Statements. See 
“Description of the Bank – Recent Developments”. Should any customers or an industry sector to which the 
Bank is exposed default or experience a significant deterioration in their business or prospects, as the case 
may be, this could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or 
results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Iceland’s banking system has been subject to restructuring and is relatively small given the small size of 
the Icelandic economy, which could limit opportunities for growth in the near term 
Early in October 2008, the Icelandic banking system faced a serious banking crisis, as a consequence of 
which Kaupthing, Glitnir and Landsbanki were placed first into restructuring and later into winding up 
proceedings. As part of the restructuring of the banking sector, the FSA transferred certain of their assets and 
liabilities, including their domestic deposits, into three newly established banks, Íslandsbanki hf. 
(Íslandsbanki), Landsbankinn hf. (Landsbankinn) and the Bank, respectively. The small size of the 
Icelandic economy and any changes to the Icelandic banking sector have affected and continue to affect the 
Icelandic banks. 
In the past there has been uncertainty about the quality of the loan assets held by the Bank, Íslandsbanki and 
Landsbankinn and the relatively high levels of problem loans on their balance sheets have been a risk to the 
business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations of the Icelandic banks. Worldwide 
financial and economic developments, in particular financial and economic developments in the UK and the 
other European countries that constitute Iceland’s main trading partners, may also have an effect.  
Given the relatively small size of the Icelandic economy and the experience of the financial crisis in 2008, 
Icelandic households and businesses may be reluctant to engage in new borrowing activities and, as a result, 
the Icelandic banks are not expected to grow significantly through domestic lending in the near term and 
may experience increased competition and consequently pressures on net interest income. In addition, the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
Bank has limited funding opportunities in Icelandic krona, namely its ISK-denominated deposits and its 
covered bond facilities, neither of which is capable of fully funding the Bank’s ISK corporate lending 
volumes. Consequently, the Bank’s ability to increase its corporate lending is limited and will continue to be 
limited unless the Bank is able to find additional sources of funding in Icelandic krona. It is also unlikely that 
the Bank, Íslandsbanki or Landsbankinn will grow significantly through international operations in the near 
future. Iceland’s economy remains vulnerable to renewed disruptions, cessation or reversal of growth and a 
return to recession, including as a result of global pandemics or other developments in the Icelandic 
economy or internationally, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, any of which could in turn have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its 
ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Public sentiment and political activity in Iceland could impair the Bank’s operations 
Due to the financial crisis in 2008 and the subsequent deep recession in Iceland, public sentiment towards the 
banking sector has at times been negative. Any such negative sentiment could ultimately be reflected in 
political and legislative decisions, which could have material adverse effects on the Bank. One possibility 
which has been discussed in Iceland is the potential for a law requiring the separation of commercial banking 
activities from investment banking activities, which could require the Bank to divest or otherwise restructure 
some of its most significant operations. Since 2017, the Minister of Finance has established various 
committees to examine the structure of the banking system in Iceland. In December 2018, a working group 
appointed by the Minister of Finance published a white paper focusing on a future vision for the Icelandic 
financial system. The white paper proposed to set up “a line of defence” concerning the scope of investment 
banking activities resulting in the FSA needing to put into place certain rules to limit these investment 
banking activities. According to this proposal, the capital requirement for direct and indirect positions taken 
by a systemically important bank may not exceed 10-15 per cent. of own funds. The Bank is one of three 
systemically important banks in Iceland and, following the bill implementing the above proposal passing into 
law at the beginning of March 2021, will be subject to this requirement. 
No assurance can be given that this law or similar or related measures will not be proposed and ultimately 
enacted, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position 
and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.  
In addition, various decision-making processes within the Bank may continue to be affected by perceived 
public sentiment and reputational risk due to the financial crisis in 2008 and the resulting lack of trust in the 
banking sector. This could, for example, lead to the Bank deciding to refrain from engaging in activities 
which it might otherwise consider to be in its interests and the interests of its shareholders, such as whether 
to divest or otherwise restructure any of its operations, provide credit to a particular borrower or hire the best 
qualified individual for a job because of their association with or involvement in events leading up to or in 
the aftermath of the financial crisis. 
During the financial crisis, the Icelandic government was not able to provide liquidity and guarantees to the 
banking sector, mostly due to the size of the banking sector before 2008. It is unclear whether, and in what 
capacity, the Icelandic government would assist the banking sector during difficult times in the future. 
Any negative public sentiment in Iceland relating to the Bank’s shareholders and other stakeholders, 
including professional financial and institutional investors, could also lead to a loss of customers or business 
opportunities for the Bank, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, 
financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank is exposed to the risk of failure and breaches of its information technology systems 
The availability, integrity, reliability and operational performance of the Group’s information technology 
(IT) systems are critical to the Bank’s operations. The Bank’s business relies on the efficient and 
uninterrupted operation of numerous systems, including computer hardware and software systems, data

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
centres, third party telecommunications networks and the systems of third parties. Although the Bank’s IT 
systems have demonstrated a high level of reliability and performance to date, no assurance can be given that 
the Bank will be able to continue to maintain past levels of performance. In particular, the Bank currently 
uses a system provided by Reiknistofa Bankanna (RB), which is a centralised cash settlement system in 
Iceland, as its core system for deposits and payments, with all payment instructions settled through the RB 
system. RB has replaced its deposit and payment system with the Sopra Banking system, which the Bank has 
since migrated to. This required the Bank to replace its core deposit and payment systems. Two of the other 
Icelandic banks have also migrated to this new platform. The implementation of a new cash settlement 
system or any other IT operations, outsourced or otherwise, could be subject to unexpected implementation 
costs and delays, and no assurance can be given that such implementations will be delivered on time or 
within budget. 
The Bank’s ability to provide products and services to its customers on a timely basis or at all would be 
impaired by damage, interruption, failure or lack of capacity of its IT systems, core deposit and payment 
systems, payments platform, any other systems in its clearing operations or the systems of third parties on 
which it relies due to malicious increases in usage or attacks by hackers (including as a result of denial of 
service or similar attacks which exceed network or gateway capacity), hardware or software defects, human 
error, unauthorised access, natural hazards, disasters or similarly disruptive events as well as due to planned 
upgrades and improvements which may be subject to developmental delay or fail to be effective. Although 
the Bank maintains customary insurance policies for its operations, such insurance policies may not be 
adequate to compensate the Bank for all losses that may occur as a result of any damage, interruption, failure 
or lack of capacity. A sustained failure of the Bank’s IT systems centrally or across its branches would have 
a significant impact on its operations and the confidence of its customers in the reliability and safety of its 
banking systems, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial 
position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Unauthorised disclosure of confidential information and personal data, whether through cyber security 
breaches, computer viruses or otherwise, could expose the Bank to liability and protracted and costly 
litigation and damage its reputation 
The secure transmission of confidential information is a critical element of the Bank’s operations, with the 
Bank processing personal customer data (including, in certain instances, customer names, addresses, credit 
and debit card numbers and bank account details), merchant data (including merchant names, addresses, 
sales data and bank account details), transaction data (including payment instructions, money transfers, 
securities trading and various other electronic communications and transfers within Iceland and cross-border) 
and other confidential information as part of its business. Therefore, the Bank is responsible for safeguarding 
such confidential information and must comply with strict data protection and privacy laws when dealing 
with such data in the jurisdictions in which it operates, including through the Bank’s subsidiaries Stefnir hf. 
(Stefnir) and Vörður. The Bank seeks to ensure that procedures are in place for compliance with the relevant 
data protection and privacy laws by its employees and any third party service providers. The Bank has also 
taken steps to implement and maintain appropriate security measures to protect confidential information. 
Data protection requirements are evolving in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. One significant 
change is the European General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR) which entered into force in May 
2018 and brought a number of changes to data protection legislation in the EU. The GDPR was implemented 
into Icelandic law by Act No 90/2018. Notwithstanding the steps taken by the Bank to fully comply with the 
GDPR, the Bank is exposed to the enhanced data protection requirements under the GDPR and will 
potentially incur additional costs, in order to comply with the GDPR. Failure to comply with the GDPR 
could subject the Bank to substantial fines. 
The Bank could be liable in the event of a breach of applicable law including any loss of control of such 
confidential information or as a result of unauthorised third party access. Unauthorised disclosure of 
confidential information could occur in a number of circumstances, including as a result of cyber security 
breaches, malware infection, malicious or accidental user activity, internal security breaches or as a result of

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
human error as well as physical security breaches due to unauthorised personnel gaining physical access to 
confidential information. 
The loss, destruction or unauthorised modification of confidential information by the Bank or third parties 
could result in significant reputational damage, additional costs relating to customer and/or merchant 
compensation or other charges, fines, loss of relationships with financial institutions, sanctions and legal 
proceedings or adverse regulatory actions against the Bank by the governmental authorities, customers, 
merchants or other third parties. Although the Bank generally requires that its agreements with third party 
partners or service providers who may have access to confidential information include confidentiality 
obligations that restrict such third parties from using or disclosing any such confidential information, these 
contractual measures may not prevent the unauthorised use, modification, destruction or disclosure of 
confidential information or allow the Bank to seek reimbursement from such third party in case of a breach 
of confidentiality or data security obligations. In addition, certain of the small- to medium-sized enterprise 
customers of the Bank and/or its subsidiaries, defined as corporates with loans up to ISK 2.0 billion (SMEs), 
may have limited data security capability and experience loss of confidential information when using the 
Group’s business-to-business services. Any unauthorised use, modification, destruction or disclosure of 
confidential information could also result in protracted and costly litigation. Any of these or other factors 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of 
operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank may be unable to successfully implement its strategy or its strategy may not yield the anticipated 
benefits 
The Bank’s strategy is based on assumptions and expectations, including in respect of macroeconomic 
developments, competition, interest rates, revenue, expenses and cost of risk and future demand for Bank’s 
services, which may prove to be incorrect. Also, the benefits and impact of the Bank’s strategy could fall 
short of what the Bank anticipates. For example, the Bank might not be able to realise the full benefits of its 
lean banking or digitalisation initiatives, which could result in less than expected customer satisfaction 
improvements and cost reductions and negatively impact revenues and operating results, respectively. For 
additional information on the Bank’s strategy, see “Description of the Bank – Strategy”. 
Since the global financial crisis in 2008, macroeconomic volatility has made it more difficult to predict GDP 
development in many economies, resulting in frequent modifications to growth expectations published by 
economic research institutions as well as in adjustments by market research specialists, sometimes giving 
rise to significant revisions to growth expectations for specific markets. Unexpected events such as the 
COVID-19 pandemic and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine are likely to further contribute to this. As a result, 
many financial institutions, including the Bank, may find it difficult to accurately model and predict the 
prospects for their businesses and set viable financial targets, and it may be difficult for investors to use 
historical financial results as an indicator for future results. Any failure by the Bank to accurately predict 
macroeconomic developments, interest rates, revenue, expenses and cost of risk and/or future demand for the 
Bank’s services could lead to misjudgements with respect to its strategy and increase the risk of failed 
implementation. If the Bank’s strategy is not implemented successfully or if the Bank’s strategy does not 
yield the anticipated benefits, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank is exposed to competition and expects competition will increase 
The Icelandic banking sector is dominated by the Bank, Íslandsbanki and Landsbankinn (the latter two being 
majority owned by the Icelandic government, and each of which is classified as a systemically important 
financial institution), but also includes other commercial banks and savings banks, the Housing Financing 
Fund (Íbúðalánasjóður), which has decreased participation in the market and has been merged into a new 
entity, Housing and Construction Authority, and mostly provides assistance for social housing in Iceland and 
pension funds, which have increased their mortgage lending to individuals at aggressive interest rates, 
partially as a result of the fact that they are not subject to the Bank Levy. Pension funds in Iceland also

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
provide competition for the Bank’s deposits, as a vast proportion of individuals’ savings in Iceland are held 
in pensions rather than in bank deposits, and a significant portion of payments to pension funds, representing 
a proportion of salary and a contribution by employers, are required by law. Pension funds also represent a 
significant source of the Bank’s funding in Icelandic Krona as purchasers of the Bank’s covered bonds. In 
addition, the Icelandic government has introduced legislation in order to facilitate customers switching banks 
in an effort to promote competition, for example, by abolishing the stamp fee on collateral, which has had 
the effect of increasing the rate of refinancings, and there can be no assurance that the Bank will be able to 
obtain funding at similarly low interest rates in order to maintain net interest margin. 
The Bank is subject to considerable regulatory scrutiny that can hinder its competitiveness. At the same time, 
fintech companies and initiatives, which are not subject to the same regulatory burden, also pose an 
emerging source of competition for the Bank. The implementation of Directive (2015/2366/EU) on payment 
services in the internal market (the Payment Services Directive 2) in Iceland has increased this regulatory 
burden for the Bank, as well as competitive pressure, since it came into force in Iceland on 1 November 
2021. Furthermore, the Bank is currently classified as a systemically important financial institution in 
Iceland, adding to its regulatory burden. For example, the Bank, Íslandsbanki and Landsbankinn were for 
some time under investigation by the Icelandic Competition Authority (Samkeppniseftirlitið) (the ICA) in 
relation to alleged abuse of the alleged collective dominant position of these three banks relating to their 
mortgage loan arrangements. That investigation was concluded with a settlement with the ICA in which the 
Bank agreed to take certain measures which have the objective of stimulating competition in retail banking 
services for individuals and small businesses. The measures have the objective of reducing switching costs in 
financial services, promoting active competition among banks toward individuals and small businesses and 
negating circumstances that could enforce tacit co-ordination in the market for retail banking services in 
Iceland. According to the Icelandic Competition Act, a failure to implement or comply with measures agreed 
to in a settlement can lead to administrative fines being administered pending an investigation by the ICA. 
If demand for new lending and other banking products increases, the Bank expects to face increased 
competition from the other large Icelandic banks, pension funds and smaller specialised institutions. In 
addition, if there is sufficient credit demand, the Bank could potentially face increased competition from 
foreign banks seeking to establish operations in Iceland, in particular with respect to the customers of the 
Corporate & Investment Banking division. The Bank may have to comply with regulatory requirements that 
may not apply to such foreign competitors, creating an unequal playing field and resulting in higher costs of 
regulatory compliance for the Bank. Foreign competitors may also have substantially more resources and 
financial means available to them than the Bank does (particularly given the Bank’s relatively smaller size 
and lack of scale advantage in light of its regulatory obligations as a systemically important financial 
institution in Iceland), permitting them to invest more in business development and expansion or being able 
to increase lending volumes or endure a greater reduction in margins. 
If the Bank is unable to compete effectively in the future in any market in which it has a significant presence, 
this could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results 
of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank is involved in a number of ongoing legal proceedings and is subject to investigations by 
governmental authorities 
The Bank is involved in, or could be affected by, a number of ongoing legal proceedings and is subject to 
investigations by governmental authorities. 
For additional information on legal proceedings, see “Description of the Bank – Legal Proceedings”. The 
extent and outcome of the legal proceedings or investigations, as the case may be, as well as any effect on 
the Bank, remain uncertain. 
The Bank is also exposed to risks of lawsuits or other claims inherent in its role as a financial intermediary 
and consultant to third party businesses through its Corporate & Investment Banking division. These risks

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
include potential liability for the Bank’s role in determining the price of a company and for advice the Bank 
provides to participants in corporate transactions and in disputes over the terms and conditions of trading 
arrangements. The Bank also faces the possibility that counterparties in the above mentioned activities as 
well as trading transactions will claim that the Bank failed to properly inform them of the associated risks.  
The Bank may also be subject to claims arising from disputes with employees for, among other things, 
alleged illegal dismissal, discrimination or harassment, and it may also be subject to losses or reputational 
damage as a result of illegal behaviour by its employees or third party service providers. These risks may 
often be difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude often remain unknown for 
substantial periods of time. 
Should any legal proceedings or investigations be determined adversely to the Bank, the Bank could be 
required to pay damages and/or fines and be subject to future restrictions on its business activities, either of 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or 
results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank may be unable to successfully maintain salary levels, and overrunning salaries and related 
expenses may give rise to reputational risk while heavy cost-cutting measures may have adverse effects on 
operations 
Measures introduced by the Bank from time to time to cut or contain salaries and related expenses may not 
produce anticipated results. For example, total salary expenditure may increase, notwithstanding cost-cutting 
measures in the form of redundancies, in response to external factors such as general salary increases. When 
the general labour market is in a state of flux, including when significant wage increases have been 
introduced for specific groups such as Members of Parliament and government officials or the market is 
experiencing wage inflation more generally, the Bank may come under pressure to increase the salaries of its 
employees. Steep salary increases not only increase the Bank’s expenditure but may also have reputational 
consequences in light of public sentiment. See “- Public sentiment and political activity in Iceland could 
impair the Bank’s operations”. In addition, failure to properly staff the various divisions of the Bank and to 
remunerate and incentivise employees adequately could lead to, among other things, an impairment in the 
level of service which the Bank provides to its customers or in regulatory and compliance functions and, 
consequently, impair its business operations. Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments 
in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank may be unable to recruit or retain experienced and qualified personnel 
The Bank’s future success depends, in part, on its ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified and 
experienced banking and management personnel. Competition for personnel with relevant expertise can be 
significant, particularly given the limited pool of potential candidates in Iceland, as the Bank competes for 
talented people with both financial and non-financial services companies. In addition, the Bank may not have 
sufficient scale, or may be subject to additional limitations on compensation imposed by Icelandic law or 
public sentiment, which make it unable to offer employees rates of compensation comparable to its larger 
international competitors (or smaller domestic competitors which might be able to offer more flexible 
compensation structures), particularly at more senior levels. The loss of the services of any key employees 
with institutional and customer knowledge may significantly delay the Bank’s achievement of its business 
objectives and could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position 
and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank could experience credit rating downgrades 
Rating agencies assess the creditworthiness of the Bank and its operating environment and they assign a 
rating to it and certain of the financial instruments it has issued for funding and capital management 
purposes. The Bank has been rated BBB by S&P Ireland and Baa1 by Moody’s.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
A rating agency assessment is based on various factors. While most of the factors are specific to the Bank 
and the relevant financial instruments it issues, some relate to general economic conditions and other 
circumstances outside the Bank’s control, such as changes in the macroeconomic environment, sovereign 
credit rating of Iceland and prospective level of systemic support a government can provide. No assurance 
can be given that a rating agency will not revise downward a credit rating or change the outlook on any such 
credit rating. In addition, rating agencies have and may in the future change their methodology from time to 
time, which may also result in a downgrade or a change in the outlook on any credit rating of the Bank or the 
relevant financial instruments it issues, for example by reducing or removing the effect of systemic support. 
Any downgrade or potential downgrade in the ratings of the Bank or of the relevant financial instruments it 
issues may limit the Bank’s access to the capital markets and certain types of instruments (for example, in 
terms of seniority and maturity), reduce its prospective investor base, increase borrowing costs, require the 
Bank to replace funding lost due to the downgrade or potential downgrade (for example, customer deposits), 
limit the Bank’s access to capital, funding and money markets and trigger requirements to post additional 
collateral in derivatives contracts and other secured funding arrangements. In addition, a rating downgrade or 
potential downgrade of the Bank could, among other things, limit its opportunities to operate in certain 
business lines and materially adversely affect certain other business activities, which in turn could have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and 
its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank is exposed to operational risks 
The operational risks that the Bank faces include the possibility of inadequate or failed internal or external 
processes or systems failures, human error, natural disasters, regulatory breaches, employee misconduct or 
external events, such as fraud. The Bank’s business inherently generates operational risks. The business 
depends on processing numerous complex transactions. The recording and processing of these transactions 
are potentially exposed to the risk of human and technological errors, including miscalculations, or a 
breakdown in internal controls relating to the due authorisation of transactions. Given the volume of 
transactions processed by the Bank, errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and 
rectified, and no assurance can be given that risk assessments made in advance will adequately estimate the 
costs of these errors. Errors or misconduct can have a particularly significant impact with respect to funds 
and portfolios managed by the Bank or its wholly owned independent subsidiary Stefnir given the volume of 
assets under management in any particular fund or portfolio and the consequent magnitude of any errors or 
misconduct. 
The Bank has implemented controls designed to detect, monitor and mitigate operational risks. However, 
these controls cannot completely eliminate such risks as some can be difficult to detect, recommendations 
and suggestions of surveillance units of the Bank (such as the compliance and internal audit functions) could 
be ignored, misunderstood or misapplied, and mitigation may fail to be effective. Failures in internal controls 
could subject the Bank to regulatory scrutiny and could ultimately lead to losses or impairments. See “—The 
Bank is exposed to credit risk and its customer loan portfolio contains certain problem and impaired loans” 
and “Management and Employees—Internal Audit”. Such events could harm the Bank’s reputation and have 
a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, 
and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank relies on its reputation and brands and those of its subsidiaries 
The success of the Bank’s business depends significantly on the Bank’s reputation with customers as well as 
the strength and appeal of the brand of the Bank. The Bank’s reputation is one of its most important assets 
and its ability to attract and retain customers and staff and conduct business with its counterparties could be 
materially adversely affected to the extent that its reputation or the reputation of its brand is damaged. 
Failure to address, or a perception that the Bank has failed to address, various issues that could give rise to 
reputational risk could cause harm to the Bank and its business prospects. Reputational issues could include:

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
• 
poor customer service or IT failures or interruptions that impact customer services and accounts (see 
“—The Bank is exposed to the risk of failure and breaches of its information technology systems”); 
• 
failure, or allegations of having failed, to maintain appropriate standards of customer privacy, 
customer service and record keeping and disclosure of confidential information (see “- Unauthorised 
disclosure of confidential information and personal data, whether through cyber security breaches, 
computer viruses or otherwise, could expose the Bank to liability, protracted and costly litigation and 
damage its reputation”); 
• 
failure to appropriately address potential conflicts of interest and acting, or allegations of having 
acted, unethically in the conduct of its business; 
• 
breaching, or allegations of having breached, legal and regulatory requirements, including anti-money 
laundering and anti-terrorism financing requirements (see “- The Bank is involved in a number of 
ongoing legal proceedings and is subject to investigations by governmental authorities” and “- The 
Bank must comply with anti-money laundering and anti-bribery regulations, and the violation of such 
regulations may have severe consequences”);  
• 
failure to properly identify legal, regulatory, compliance, reputational, credit, operational, liquidity 
and market risks inherent in the Bank’s products and services (see “- The Bank is exposed to a range 
of other typical financial institution market risks, including interest rate risk, equity price risk and 
inflation risk” and “- The Bank is exposed to operational risks”);  
• 
third parties on whom the Bank relies for information, products and services failing to provide the 
required information, products and services; 
• 
adverse impacts on customers of the Bank which had invested in or had exposures to companies 
whose loans are determined by the Bank to be problem loans, and experienced losses as a result; 
• 
the fact that the Bank is privately owned, while its principal competitors Íslandsbanki and 
Landsbankinn are majority owned by the government (although Íslandsbanki’s shares are, following a 
partial divestiture of the government’s 100 per cent. stake in June 2021 and March 2022, listed on 
Nasdaq Iceland); and 
• 
generally poor business performance. 
Failure to address these or any other relevant issues appropriately could damage the Bank’s reputation and 
make customers, depositors and investors less willing to do business with the Bank, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations. 
In addition, the Bank believes that its brand and the brands of its subsidiaries Stefnir and Vörður, are one of 
the key differentiators from competitors and provide a key competitive advantage. However, no assurance 
can be given that the Bank and its subsidiaries will be successful in further developing their respective 
brands and leveraging them into market share growth over competitors. Any circumstance that causes real or 
perceived damage to the Bank’s brand or the brands of its subsidiaries, including the occurrence of any of 
the risks or events described in these “Risk Factors”, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s 
ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. An inability by the Bank or its subsidiaries to 
manage the risks to their brands could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, 
financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank’s risk management methods may leave it exposed to unidentified, unanticipated or incorrectly 
quantified risks, which could lead to material losses or material increases in liabilities 
The Bank’s risk management strategies may fail under certain circumstances, particularly when confronted 
with risks that have not been identified or anticipated. Risk methodologies and techniques that the Bank 
adopts to assess credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk may be flawed or may not take all 
risks into account, and it is possible that the methods for assessing these risks are not sound or are based on

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
faulty information. They can also be misunderstood, not communicated properly to front-line staff, not 
implemented correctly or misapplied by the Bank’s personnel, and supervision by management could also be 
insufficient. In addition, the Bank’s risk management policies are constantly being re-evaluated and there 
may be a lag in implementation. Furthermore, some of the Bank’s qualitative tools and metrics for managing 
risk are based upon the use of observed historical market behaviour. The Bank may apply statistical and 
other tools to these observations to arrive at quantifications of risk exposures. These tools and metrics may 
fail to predict future risk exposures. 
The Bank’s losses thus could be significantly greater than its risk management measures would indicate. In 
addition, the Bank’s quantified modelling does not take all risks into account. Unanticipated or incorrectly 
quantified risk exposures could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial 
position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank relies on third party service providers 
The Bank relies on the services, products and knowledge of third party service providers in the operation of 
its business. For example, the Bank relies on RB for deposit account and payment infrastructure. The Bank 
also relies on third party service providers in connection with its IT systems and is currently in the process of 
outsourcing its cash centre operations in order to benefit from scale synergies with the other Icelandic banks. 
Accordingly, the Bank faces the risk that such third party service providers become insolvent, enter into 
default or fail to perform their contractual obligations in a timely manner or at all or fail to perform at an 
adequate and acceptable level. Any such failure could lead to interruptions in the Bank’s operations or result 
in vulnerability of its IT systems, exposing the Bank to operational failures, additional costs or cyber-attacks. 
The Bank may need to replace a third party service provider on short notice to resolve any potential 
problems, and the search for and payment to a new third party service provider on short notice or any other 
measures to remedy such potential problems could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. 
In addition, no assurance can be given that the third party service providers selected by the Bank will be able 
to provide the products and services for which they have been contracted, for example, as a result of failing 
to have the relevant capabilities, products or services or due to changed regulatory requirements. Any failure 
of third party service providers to deliver the contracted products and services in a timely manner or at all or 
to deliver products and services in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and at an adequate and 
acceptable level could result in reputational damage, claims, losses and damages and have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The asset management operations of the Bank may fail to sustain or increase their level of assets under 
management and is subject to pressure on fee margins 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Bank generated ISK 5,642 million, or 9.69 per cent. of its 
operating income, from net fee and commission income of the Markets segment, comprising the Markets 
division of the Bank and its wholly owned independent subsidiary Stefnir. Stefnir manages open-ended 
funds, which allow investors to reduce the aggregate amount of their investment in open-ended funds, or to 
withdraw altogether from such funds, without notice. Similarly, portfolio management mandates and 
fiduciary mandates as well as discretionary and advisory mandates can typically be reduced or cancelled on 
short notice. Fee margins for asset management are generally under pressure as a result of competition in the 
market. If markets are declining, the investment performance of Stefnir’s products and third party products 
provided by the Bank are seen as unsatisfactory and/or if customers are dissatisfied with the quality of the 
Bank’s services or Stefnir’s products (for instance, in respect of performance, reporting or compliance with 
customer instructions), this could lead to significant redemptions and withdrawals of assets under 
management. Funds provided by the Bank or managed by Stefnir could underperform the market or 
otherwise generate poor performance, undermining growth in assets under management, negatively affecting

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
net fee and commission income as well as contributing to redemptions and withdrawals. In addition, 
reputational risk or potential conflicts of interest may result in a loss of key clients. Redemptions or 
withdrawals of assets under management would have an immediate impact on net fee and commission 
income and, therefore, operating income and, depending on the extent of such redemptions or withdrawals, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of 
operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. Historical investment performance is not 
an indicator of the level of the Bank’s future performance, and it may not be able to sustain successful 
performance over time. Results and performance levels in later periods may differ significantly from prior 
results and performance for various reasons, such as macroeconomic factors, performance of new funds 
compared with old funds, the departure of fund managers or other key staff members, loss of key clients, 
market conditions and a lack of investment opportunities. 
Some of the pension funds that are fully managed by the Bank invested in the equity of United Silicon and 
consequently lost their investment following the bankruptcy of the company. There has been media coverage 
regarding the investment in light of the link between the pension funds and the Bank. The FSA has 
investigated this investment and recommended some operational changes which the Bank and the relevant 
funds have complied with. The key changes are (i) to adjust the fund’s investment processes in order to 
improve the assessment of potential conflicts of interest and reputational risk and (ii) to maintain more 
detailed documentation of the meetings and decisions of the fund’s board of directors. This has also caused 
members of certain pension funds managed by the Bank to challenge the Bank’s role in management of these 
funds, for example in terms of board representation by the Bank on the pension funds. The Bank believes 
that the potential for reputational risk involving possible or perceived conflicts of interest in respect of the 
operations of its Markets segment is increasing, and may have a negative impact on the Bank’s relationships 
with its pension fund customers and their members or other clients and possibly result in loss of pension fund 
customers. 
The Bank and Stefnir manage assets for retail and institutional investors, corporations and high net worth 
individuals in a broad range of asset classes. Certain of these asset classes may be viewed more or less 
favourably by potential customers at different times and in different markets with different regulatory and 
fiscal frameworks. Moreover, the overall proportion of customer assets across the asset management industry 
sector that is dedicated to actively managed funds of the type managed by the Bank and Stefnir is decreasing 
in favour of passively managed funds such as index funds, trackers and other similar low-fee alternatives, 
such as robo-advisers. In addition, new asset classes and categories of actively managed funds may be 
developed by competitors, some of which might not be among the principal products and services offered by 
the Bank and Stefnir. The entry into new products and services with potentially higher margins could also 
subject the Bank and Stefnir to potential losses, as a result of lack of experience with such products and 
services, greater inherent risk in the products and services or otherwise. The reduction in the number of 
pension funds in Iceland, and the recent trend on the part of certain Icelandic pension funds to bring asset 
management responsibilities back in-house rather than relying on third-party asset managers like the Bank, 
has had an impact on the fund management market in Iceland and is expected to have a negative effect on the 
fund management industry, especially in traditional funds, for the foreseeable future. Other imminent 
changes in the asset management industry include the arrival of new competition in the form of fintech 
companies, leading to more intense competition and putting pressure on commissions in various financial 
services. Responding to these changes will require the Bank to incur additional costs, hire employees with 
new expertise and change its business processes and services. 
In addition, regulatory changes, in particular the implementation in Iceland on 13 June 2021 of MiFID II and 
Regulation (600/2014) on Markets in Financial Instruments (MiFIR), which replaces, extends and improves 
existing European rules on markets in financial instruments and strengthens investor protection by 
introducing additional organisational and conduct requirements, and which came into force on 1 September 
2021, when the relevant Act of Parliament came into force, give more extensive powers to regulators and 
introduce the possibility of imposing higher fines in case of infringement of the requirements of such 
regulations. As MiFID II and MiFIR will significantly extend not only the scope but also the detail of

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
existing regulations, the Bank and Stefnir will have to review existing activities and, where necessary, may 
need to adjust the manner in which they operate. The Bank and Stefnir are also likely to have to provide 
more information to their customers, such as about the costs and charges involved in providing investment 
services and, as a result, could face significantly higher compliance costs and become subject to increasingly 
complex requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, 
financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank could incur unforeseen liabilities from prior and future acquisitions and disposals 
During the last few years, the Bank has made various acquisitions (in particular, the acquisition of the 
insurance subsidiary Vörður) and it has divested a number of assets, primarily non-core assets, which consist 
of legacy equity holdings of non-core subsidiaries and other assets, such as investment property, which it had 
acquired through restructuring processes following the financial crisis in 2008. See “Description of Bank – 
History – 2010-2012: Restructuring of the Bank and its customers”. The Bank also acquired a majority 
interest in United Silicon as a result of its default. In the future, the Bank may make additional acquisitions 
and may decide to divest certain parts of its current businesses. The Bank may encounter difficulties 
integrating entities it has acquired into its operations or the combination of the businesses may not perform 
as well as anticipated. Failure to complete announced business combinations or failure to successfully 
integrate acquired businesses could lead to departures of key employees and have a material adverse effect 
on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make 
payments in respect of the Notes. 
Acquisitions expose the Bank to the risk of unforeseen expenses, losses, tax liabilities or obligations with 
respect to employees, clients and business partners of acquired businesses, governmental authorities and 
other parties. Before making an investment in a company or business, the Bank assesses the value or 
potential value of such company or business and the potential return on such an investment. In making the 
assessment and otherwise conducting due diligence, the Bank relies on the resources available and, in some 
cases, an investigation by third parties. However, no assurance can be given that due diligence examinations 
carried out by the Bank or by third parties in connection with equity interests in companies or businesses that 
the Group has acquired or will acquire are sufficient or will reveal all of the risks associated with such 
companies and businesses or the full extent of such risks. In addition, acquired companies or businesses may 
have hidden liabilities that are not apparent at the time of acquisition. Although the Bank normally obtains 
certain warranties and indemnities from the seller, these warranties and indemnities may not cover all of the 
liabilities that may arise following the acquisition, and any indemnification may not fully compensate the 
Bank for any diminution in the value of its interest in such companies or businesses. The Bank may also 
encounter difficulties enforcing warranties or indemnities against a seller for various reasons, including the 
insolvency of the seller, legal technicalities, such as the relevant jurisdiction or evidence requirements, or 
expiry of claim periods for such warranties or indemnities. 
When divesting businesses or assets, the Bank may not always be able to pass on the entire risk relating to 
the divested business or assets to the purchaser, which may lead to additional risks, such as liability related to 
legacy obligations. The Bank could also face reputational issues or negative public sentiment upon a 
disposal, whether as a result of a sale at a discount to perceived value or for other reasons. 
The Bank’s insurance coverage may not adequately cover all losses 
The Bank maintains customary insurance policies for its operations, including insurance for its liquid assets, 
money transport and directors’ and officers’ liability, as well as insurance against computer crimes and for 
employee dishonesty and mistakes. Due to the nature of the Bank’s operations and the nature of the risks that 
it faces, no assurance can be given that the coverage that the Bank maintains is adequate to cover the losses 
for which it believes it is insured and, in the event the Bank’s insurance is not adequate, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and 
its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
The Bank's accounting policies and methods are critical to how it reports its financial condition and 
results of operations. They require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain. 
Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the Bank records and reports its financial 
condition and results of operations. Management must exercise judgement in selecting and applying many of 
these accounting policies and methods so they comply with IFRS. 
Management has identified certain accounting policies in the notes to its financial statements as being critical 
because they require management's judgement to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments 
and contingencies. See note 3 to the Q2 2022 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.  
A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognising 
an expense, recovering an asset or reducing a liability. The Bank has established detailed policies and control 
procedures that are intended to ensure that these critical accounting estimates and judgements are well 
controlled and applied consistently. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the 
process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. Because of the uncertainty 
surrounding the Bank's judgements and the estimates pertaining to these matters, the Bank cannot guarantee 
that it will not be required to make changes in accounting estimates or restate prior period financial 
statements in the future. 
The Bank is subject to additional taxes beyond corporate income tax, which impose costs and competitive 
disadvantages 
In addition to the basic corporate income tax rate of 20 per cent. in Iceland, the Bank is subject to certain 
other taxes which are specific to financial institutions in Iceland and increase its effective tax rate and its 
effective cost of funding, which in turn can inhibit its ability to compete effectively with domestic and 
foreign lenders who are not subject to such additional taxes. 
Under Act No. 155/2010 on Special Tax on Financial Institutions, certain types of financial institutions, 
including the Bank, are required to pay an annual levy (the Bank Levy), which, prior to the COVID-19 
pandemic had, since the year ended 31 December 2013, been calculated at 0.376 per cent. on the total debt of 
the Bank in excess of ISK 50.0 billion as of the end of the applicable period. Non-financial subsidiaries are 
exempt from the Bank Levy. Whereas the Bank Levy was originally introduced as a temporary measure, 
there is currently no fixed date for its removal. The Bank Levy was lowered in 2020 from 0.376 per cent. to 
0.145 per cent. 
In addition, according to Act No. 165/2011 on Financial Activities Tax, certain types of financial 
institutions, including the Bank, are currently required to pay a special additional 5.5 per cent. tax levied on 
all remuneration paid to employees (the Financial Activity Tax). Under Income Tax Act No. 90/2003, as 
amended (the Income Tax Act), the Bank is subject to an additional tax of 6.0 per cent. as a financial 
institution in respect of taxable profit exceeding ISK 1.0 billion irrespective of joint taxation or carry-
forward losses (the Special Financial Activity Tax). The Bank Levy, the Financial Activity Tax and the 
Special Financial Activity Tax place an increased cost burden on the Bank and subject it to a competitive 
disadvantage relative to other lenders not subject to such taxes, including international banks, domestic 
pension funds and the Housing Financing Fund. In addition, the Bank’s results of operations could be 
harmed by changes in tax laws and tax treaties or the interpretation thereof, changes in corporate tax rates 
and the refusal of tax authorities to issue or extend advanced tax rulings, any of which could result in the 
Bank being subject to a higher effective tax rate. The unavailability of tax rulings could also diminish the 
range of structured transactions the Bank can enter into with its customers. 
Moreover, the Bank may be subject to additional taxes or levies in the future. For example, the governor of 
the Icelandic Central Bank has suggested the possible imposition of a levy on banks to help fund the negative 
carry costs of the significant foreign currency reserves which the Icelandic Central Bank maintains, which, if 
enacted, could impose significant additional costs on financial institutions in Iceland, including the Bank.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
Any additional tax could increase the Bank’s cost of funding and operating costs generally, impair the ability 
of the Bank to compete effectively with other lenders and/or decrease the Bank’s lending volumes and 
margins, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial 
position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank could face tax liabilities or competitive disadvantages in respect of VAT on some of its services 
The services of banks, savings banks and other credit institutions are currently exempt from value added tax 
(VAT) under the Value Added Tax Act no. 50/1988. The tax authorities in Iceland have historically 
construed the exemption to be limited to the services that banks and other credit institutions provide 
according to the Financial Undertakings Act. For certain of the services provided by the Bank to customers 
and under the terms of its intra-Group arrangements with subsidiaries, the Bank has not historically collected 
VAT, and there is uncertainty whether VAT should be collected for some of such services. While the Bank 
believes that its practices with respect to collection of VAT are common among financial institutions in 
Iceland, there can be no assurance that Icelandic tax authorities will not reassess VAT on services provided 
by the Bank and conclude that the Bank has failed to collect VAT properly on certain services in the past. 
Should this occur, the Bank could be liable retroactively for six years’ unpaid amounts, plus penalties and 
interest. To the extent that, going forward, the Bank decided, or was obliged, to start claiming VAT in 
respect of such services but its competitors did not, it would be at a competitive disadvantage and could be 
priced out of competing effectively for provision of certain services. Any of the foregoing could have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank's business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT IN WHICH THE BANK 
OPERATES 
There are regulatory, compliance and legal risks inherent in the Bank’s businesses 
The Bank’s operations entail considerable regulatory, compliance and legal risks, including litigation and 
liability risk. The Bank and certain of its subsidiaries are subject to government regulation and supervision as 
financial institutions in Iceland, and regulations may be extensive and may change piecemeal, rapidly, at 
times unexpectedly and with only a very short period of notice and consultation, as they have done since the 
global financial crisis in 2008. The regulatory and compliance risks faced by the Bank and its subsidiaries 
arise not only from regulation within Iceland or specific to financial services firms, but also from other, more 
broadly applicable regulations and from risks relating to the ability of Icelandic authorities to adopt, 
implement and administer applicable regulations and to supervise Icelandic banks. The implementation of 
new European directives and regulations into Icelandic legislation will be subject to the ability of the 
Icelandic ministries, legislature and regulators to apply additional, more stringent requirements where they 
are permitted or required to do so, for example with respect to capital requirements. The Bank and its 
subsidiaries are also subject to regulatory scrutiny from certain other supervisory bodies, such as the ICA 
and the Data Protection Authority. In addition, the Bank’s ability to conduct certain of its and its 
subsidiaries’ operations is contingent upon licences issued by financial authorities. Compliance with the 
requirements of these licences, or with an administrative decision or supervisory guidance or any new or 
revised law, regulation or licensing requirement, may require significant resources and manpower, impose 
significant costs on the Bank and require changes in the Bank’s operations and management. Failure to 
comply with any of the above could potentially expose the Bank to civil or criminal liability, reputational 
damage and sanctions including fines, the loss or limitation of licences, authorisations or permits necessary 
for the Bank’s business and stricter regulatory scrutiny or supervision by Icelandic authorities. Such failures 
may arise despite the Bank’s risk management system.  
Leading up to the financial crisis in 2008, there was a significant imbalance between the resources of the 
FSA and those of Icelandic banks, which may have limited the ability of the FSA to adequately supervise 
such banks. Although these resource constraints have since been addressed through measures such as the 
appointment of more staff at the FSA and revision and expansion of the regulatory framework surrounding 
the banking industry, there can be no assurance that the FSA or other regulatory authorities will be able to

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
successfully identify and remedy weaknesses in Iceland’s financial services sector. Prior to the financial 
crisis, Icelandic banks engaged in activities of which the FSA was aware and on which it did not offer 
negative comment, but which have since been found unlawful by the Icelandic courts. Despite the increased 
FSA resources and expanded regulatory framework, the possibility exists that employees of the Bank could, 
in good faith, engage in activities, which may be widespread and might later be found to conflict with 
regulations. Pursuant to the introduction of the act on the European Surveillance System in the Financial 
Markets on 9 May 2017, Iceland has adopted the European framework for bank surveillance which aims to 
enhance stability and the health of the financial system. See “- The Financial Supervisory Authority, the 
European System of Financial Supervision, the Icelandic Central Bank and the Iceland Stock Exchange” for 
details on the merger of the FSA with the Icelandic Central Bank. 
In addition, as a result of a lack of a formally defined procedural protocol for correspondence, discussions 
and meetings between the FSA and the Bank, at times the FSA has sought to communicate with management 
in preference to the Board of Directors, or to individual Icelandic members of the Board of Directors as 
opposed to the Board of Directors as an entity. These circumstances create a risk that the Bank might be 
unable to have a complete overview of all the correspondence with the FSA or that information relevant to 
the Bank could be lost in translation, delayed or not relayed to the Board of Directors. Inaccurate or 
insufficient information can prevent the Board of Directors from carrying out its supervisory function and 
could lead to failure by the Bank to comply with corporate governance requirements. 
Violations of rules and regulations, whether intentional or unintentional, or failure to comply with licensing 
or other requirements, may adversely affect the Bank’s reputation or financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. In addition, existing laws and regulations could be amended, the manner in which laws and 
regulations are enforced or interpreted could change and new laws or regulations could be adopted in ways 
unfavourable to the Bank’s operations, which could adversely affect the way the Bank operates its business 
and its market reputation. See “- Public sentiment and political activity in Iceland could impair the Bank’s 
operations” and “Description of the Bank – Legal Proceedings”. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s reputation, 
business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. 
Iceland’s national implementation of the EEA rules may not be comprehensive in all circumstances and 
incorporation of the relevant EU rules into the EEA Agreement may be delayed  
As a contracting party to the EEA Agreement (as defined below), Iceland is obligated to implement single 
market EU legislation which has been incorporated into the EEA Agreement, including legislation relating to 
financial markets. Where Iceland has failed to amend national law to conform to EEA rules, citizens may be 
unable to rely on them and the Icelandic courts barred from applying them, unless Icelandic legislation may 
be interpreted in conformity with the relevant EEA rules. In this respect, the Icelandic legislation on financial 
undertakings, securities transactions and other relevant fields are mostly implemented from EEA rules. There 
can be errors in such implementations which can result in a lack of uniformity between EU law and the 
corresponding Icelandic legislation. In such cases, Icelandic law will be deemed to prevail in the Icelandic 
courts. Such errors can cause confusion and debate as to precisely which rules the Bank is required to follow 
and can result in time consuming and resource intensive discourse with regulators. 
The EEA Agreement provides that EU legislation of EEA relevance is to be incorporated into the EEA 
Agreement and implemented into national law by the EEA EFTA States (as defined below). Delays in 
incorporation of EU legislation related to the financial markets may create regulatory discrepancy between 
the EEA EFTA States and the EU Member States. Delays in the full implementation of European directives 
and regulations into Icelandic legislation may also give rise to uncertainty as to the applicable requirements. 
Icelandic government authorities, as well as the Bank’s counterparties, may seek to mitigate delays in formal 
implementation into national law by seeking to apply in practice requirements equivalent to those under EEA 
rules. As a result, the Bank may be unable to rely on the precise wording of statutes or draw guidance from

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
legislative preparatory works. Complying with regulation that is in flux can be resource intensive and 
exposes the Bank to a risk of non-compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s 
business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. 
The Bank must comply with anti-money laundering and anti-bribery regulations, and the violation of 
such regulations may have severe consequences 
The Bank is subject to laws regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism as well as laws that 
prohibit the Bank or its employees or intermediaries from making improper payments or offers of payment to 
foreign governments and their officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining 
business. Compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-bribery regulations can place a significant 
financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and requires significant technical capabilities. The 
Icelandic government has implemented the Fourth Money Laundering Directive (2015/849/EU) by Act No 
140/2018, which came into effect in Iceland on 1 January 2019. However, the Bank cannot predict the 
nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which it might be subject or the manner in which 
existing laws might be administered or interpreted. Although the Bank believes that its current policies and 
procedures are sufficient to comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules 
and regulations, it cannot guarantee that such policies completely prevent situations of money laundering or 
bribery, including actions by the Bank’s employees, for which the Bank might be held responsible. Any such 
events may have severe consequences, including sanctions, fines and reputational consequences, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of 
operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. In October 2019, the Financial Action 
Task Force (FATF) decided to place Iceland on its list of jurisdictions with strategic Anti-Money 
Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism deficiencies. In October 2020, Iceland was removed 
from the monitoring list. The FATF concluded that Iceland had strengthened the effectiveness of its 
AML/CFT regime and addressed related technical deficiencies to meet the commitments in its action plan 
regarding the strategic deficiencies that the FATF identified in October 2019. There can be no assurance that 
the aforementioned decision will not have negative effect on the Bank’s operation and/or reputation. 
Application of CRD IV (and the CRD V Directive when implemented) could adversely affect the Bank 
In 2013, the European Parliament and the European Council adopted a legislative package (CRD IV) for the 
implementation of the Basel III framework in the EU. The CRD IV package has been incorporated into the 
EEA Agreement and implementation in Iceland has now been largely completed. Any failure by the Bank to 
maintain any increased regulatory capital requirements or to comply with any other requirements introduced 
by regulators could result in intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and 
its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes, and could have other effects on the Bank’s financial 
performance, both with or without the intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions, and could 
also require raising additional capital. 
On 7 June 2019, Directive 2019/879/EU (the CRD V Directive) of the European Parliament and of the 
European Council of 20 May 2019 and Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 (CRR II) were published amending CRD IV. The CRD V Directive and CRR II 
provide for extensive changes to the EU regulatory framework, including the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book (FRTB), the Net Stable Funding Ratio, the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL) and the Pillar 2 framework. Eligible liabilities for these purposes means the liabilities and 
capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1, Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments of the relevant entity 
and that are not excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool, and that fulfil the applicable conditions under 
CRR II. Member States are required to adopt the measures necessary to comply with the CRD V Directive 
by 28 December 2020 and these measures are to be applied by Member States from 29 December 2020, 
although certain provisions are only to be applied by Member States from 1 January 2022. CRR II was to be 
applied by Member States from 28 June 2021 with certain exceptions and was fully implemented into

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Icelandic law following incorporation into the EEA Agreement on 29 October 2021. The CRD V Directive 
has been incorporated into the EEA Agreement by EEA Joint Committee Decision No 145/2022, which 
entry into force is pending and is expected to be implemented in Iceland following entry into force of that 
decision.The Bank is closely monitoring the implementation process of CRR II and the CRD V Directive in 
Iceland On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a proposal for certain exceptional temporary 
measures to alleviate the immediate impact of COVID-19-related developments by adapting the timeline of 
the application of international accounting standards on banks' capital, by treating more favorably public 
guarantees granted as part of COVID-19-related mitigation measures, by postponing the date of application 
of the leverage ratio buffer and by modifying how certain exposures are excluded from the calculation of the 
leverage ratio. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
Judgments entered against Icelandic entities in the courts of a state which is not a party to the Lugano 
Convention (including, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK) may not be recognised or 
enforceable in Iceland 
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Iceland in the courts of a state which is not a party to 
the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial 
Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) as a Contracting State (as defined in 
the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Iceland as a matter of law without a 
retrial on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law of 
Iceland). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK and Iceland are not bound by any agreement, treaty 
or other instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes. 
The UK has applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an independent contracting state, but the other 
contracting states have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, not approved the application. As a result, a 
final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in the courts of England against 
the Bank, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Iceland. However, if a Noteholder 
brings a new action in a competent court in Iceland, the final judgment rendered in an English court may be 
submitted to the Icelandic court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which 
it relates, and the Icelandic court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a 
judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the 
Bank’s obligations under the Notes. 
If the Bank has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature (including any redemption of the Notes (i) upon the occurrence of a Tax 
Event pursuant to Condition 5.2, (ii) upon the occurrence of a Capital Event pursuant to Condition 5.9 in the 
case of Subordinated Notes and (iii) upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to 
Condition 5.11 in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) may limit the 
market value of Notes. During any period when the Bank may elect to redeem Notes, or during which there 
is an actual or perceived increased likelihood that the Bank may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. 
In the case of Notes which specify "Issuer Residual Call" as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Bank’s optional redemption right will become operative where, at any time, the outstanding aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of 
Notes issued.  Holders of any such Notes may find that their Notes are redeemed by the Bank prior to the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
Should the Bank elect to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could 
affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect 
interest payments on an investment in Fixed Reset Notes and could affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Fixed Reset Notes concerned 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) until (but excluding) the Reset Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). On the Reset Date 
and each Subsequent Reset Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (if any) thereafter, the interest 
rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the Reset Margin (each as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) as determined by the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Fixed Reset Notes other than 
ISD Notes) or the ISD Agent (in the case of Fixed Reset Notes which are ISD Notes) on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Reset Rate). The Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be 
less than the Initial Interest Rate or the Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value 
of an investment in the Fixed Reset Notes.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The implementation of the BRRD in Iceland provides for a range of actions to be taken in relation to a 
relevant entity considered to be at risk of failing.  The taking of any action under the BRRD as 
implemented in Iceland could materially affect the value of any Notes

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
Under Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of a EU-wide (and in the UK, the Banking Act 
2009, as amended, has implemented the majority of provisions of Directive 2014/59/EU) framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive or BRRD, including as amended by Directive 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
European Council of 20 May 2019 (BRRD II), as applicable), resolution authorities have the power, among 
other things, to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity (which write-
down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims 
(including Notes) to equity or other instruments of ownership (the general bail-in tool), which equity or 
other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. Following the 
implementation of the BRRD in Iceland (see “Financial Markets in Iceland – The BRRD in Iceland”), the 
Notes may be subject to the exercise of the general bail-in tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as 
defined in Condition 17 under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) and the Notes include a contractual 
consent to the application of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers (as defined in Condition 17 under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). 
 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments such as the Subordinated Notes at the 
point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-viability loss absorption). Any 
shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to 
any future cancellation, transfer or dilution.  
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of 
claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on holders of the 
Notes will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other 
creditors such as depositors. To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of the Notes pursuant to the 
exercise of the general bail-in tool is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in 
normal insolvency proceedings, a holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an 
independent valuation of the relevant entity (which is referred to as the “no creditor worse off safeguard” 
under the BRRD). Any such compensation is unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually 
incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation 
payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been 
due under the Notes.  
The BRRD was fully implemented in Iceland on 24 May 2020 by legislation which entered into force on 1 
September 2020. Accordingly, holders of Notes may be subject to the application of the general bail-in tool 
and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders losing 
some or all of their investment (in the case of Subordinated Notes, see further “-There is a real risk that 
holders of Subordinated Notes will lose some or all of their investment should the Bank become insolvent or 
subject to resolution or at the point of non-viability of the Bank”). Such application of the general bail-in tool 
could also involve modifications to or the disapplication of provisions in the conditions of the Notes, 
including alteration of the principal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any 
other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period. The 
exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the 
ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
Under the terms of the Notes, investors will agree to be bound by and consent to the exercise of any Bail-
in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
By acquiring Notes, each Noteholder and each beneficial owner acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees 
to be bound by (a) the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, that may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other 
outstanding amounts due under, or in respect of, the Notes; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
principal amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under, or in respect 
of, the Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Bank or another person (and the issue to 
or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes; (iv) the 
amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the 
Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period; and (b) the variation of the terms of the Notes as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. See Condition 17 under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
In certain circumstances, other than in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Bank can substitute or vary the 
terms of the Notes 
If at any time a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes), an MREL Disqualification Event (in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or a Tax Event (in the case of any 
Notes other than Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs, or if required (in the case of any Notes other than Senior 
Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) in order to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, the Bank may, subject to 
obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), but without the 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the 
relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes, as the case may be, so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as defined in 
Condition 5.12), in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as 
defined in Condition 5.13) or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities 
(as defined in Condition 5.13), as further provided in Condition 5.12 and Condition 5.13, as applicable.  
The terms and conditions of such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may have terms and conditions that contain one or more 
provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, provided that the relevant 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes remain or, as appropriate, 
become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. While the 
Bank cannot make changes to the terms of the Notes that are materially less favourable to the holders of the 
relevant Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, as a 
class, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, could be different 
for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for those Noteholders of 
holding the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, 
prior to such substitution or variation. 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
contain a waiver of set-off rights 
No holder of any Senior Preferred Note (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated Note, as the 
case may be, may at any time exercise or claim any Set-Off Rights (as defined in Condition 2.4 under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) against any right, claim or liability of the Bank or that the Bank may 
have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly and howsoever arising (and including all such

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any 
kind or any non-contractual obligation, whether or not relating to those Senior Preferred Notes (other than 
where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes). 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that holders of Senior Preferred Notes (other than where 
Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes shall be deemed to have waived all Set-Off Rights to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. As 
a result, those Noteholders will not at any time be entitled to set-off the Bank’s obligations under such Senior 
Preferred Note (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated Note, as the case may be, against 
obligations owed by them to the Bank. 
The terms of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors 
The terms of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and 
including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In addition, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of (i) Floating Rate Notes 
other than where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily 
SOFR or Fixed Reset Notes in the circumstances set out in Condition 3.4 and (ii) Floating Rate Notes where 
the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR or Fixed 
Reset Notes in the circumstances set out in Condition 3.3(b)(iv), in each case, without the requirement for 
consent of the Noteholders.  
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Icelandic law or 
administrative practice 
The terms of the Bearer Notes are based on English law (other than Condition 2 and Condition 17 of the 
Bearer Notes, which are based on Icelandic law), as in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  The 
terms of the ISD Notes, and Condition 2 and Condition 17 of the Bearer Notes are based on Icelandic law, as 
in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to English law, Icelandic law or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Tax exemptions from withholding may not be available if definitive Notes are required to be issued 
The Icelandic statutory exemption from withholding only applies to Notes held through a securities 
depository in an OECD state, an EU state, an EFTA state or the Faroe Islands. If Notes in definitive form are 
issued, holders should be aware that the tax exemption may not be available. However, the Bank will be 
required to pay the necessary additional amounts under Condition 6 in such circumstances to cover any 
resulting amounts deducted or withheld. See "Taxation – Iceland – Non-Icelandic Tax Residents". 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Bearer Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that 
may be delivered to a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (each as defined under "Form of the Notes"). Except in the circumstances described in each 
Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Bearer Notes in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Bearer Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and 
their respective participants. 
While the Bearer Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Bank will discharge its payment obligation 
under the Bearer Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to 
receive payments under the Notes. The Bank has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Bearer 
Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled 
by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
The Notes are unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision 
The Notes will be unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision. If the Bank defaults 
on the Notes, or in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganisation, then, to the extent that the Bank 
has granted security over its assets, the assets that secure those obligations will be used to satisfy the 
obligations thereunder before the Bank could sell or otherwise dispose of those assets in order to make any 
payment on the Notes. As a result of the granting of such security, there may only be limited assets available 
to make payments on the Notes in such circumstances. In addition, there is no restriction on the issue by the 
Bank of other similar securities that do have the benefit of security, which may impact on the market price of 
its securities, such as the Notes, that are unsecured. 
Risks related to Senior Preferred and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The claims of holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be subordinated to 
claims of the Bank’s depositors in the event of a winding-up 
In Iceland, Article 102 of the Act on Financial Undertakings provides that, should a financial institution 
holding bank deposits, such as the Bank, enter into winding-up proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Act on Financial Undertakings, then the claims of holders of senior unsecured unsubordinated debt will be 
subordinated to the claims of all of the Bank’s depositors. Moreover, the Hierarchy of Claims Act was 
recently enacted into law by the Icelandic Parliament on 4 May 2021. The Hierarchy of Claims Act amends 
the Act on Financial Undertakings and introduces a new Article 85(a) to the Act on Recovery and Resolution 
which provides in part that, in a winding-up: (a) claims of certain types of the Bank’s depositors will have 
priority over other kinds of bank deposits (i.e. the inner ranking within deposits will change), but (b) all 
types of bank deposits will, as a group, rank higher than the claims of the Bank’s senior unsecured 
unsubordinated debt obligations.  
Accordingly, under current Icelandic law, the claims of holders of senior unsecured debt (which would 
include Senior Preferred Notes as well as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) are subordinated to the claims of all 
of the Bank’s depositors in a Winding-up (as defined in Condition 2.1) of the Bank. If a Winding-up of the 
Bank were to occur, there may not be sufficient assets in the resulting estate to pay the claims of such 
Noteholders after the claims of depositors have been paid. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities and the Bank’s obligations under Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Bank’s unsubordinated creditors 
The Hierarchy of Claims Act introduces a new class of “senior non-preferred notes” that meet specified 
criteria, which class will, upon a credit institution’s bankruptcy, rank junior to its senior unsubordinated debt 
obligations and rank senior to its subordinated notes as well as regulatory capital and common shares. As 
further set out in Condition 2.2 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
constitute part of this new, lower-ranking (unpreferred) ‘senior’ unsecured class that will rank junior to its 
Senior Preferred Notes but senior to the Subordinated Notes. 
The Bank’s obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Bank. 
On the Winding-Up of the Bank, all claims in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the 
Bank (as defined in Condition 2.2), senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Bank and any 
subordinated obligations or other securities of the Bank which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank (including, without limitation, any Subordinated Notes) and 
will rank junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Bank and (b) other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Bank. If, on a Winding-Up, the assets of the Bank are insufficient to enable the Bank to 
repay the claims of the unsubordinated creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Bank to pay the claims of 
unsubordinated creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations 
in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of 
their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
While Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the ‘senior’ designation under the 
programme, in an insolvency of the Bank, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the Senior 
Preferred Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of the Bank which are by law given priority over 
the Senior Preferred Notes, such as bank deposits) and other unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. 
Moreover, there is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Bank may issue, incur 
or guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue or 
guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if 
any) recoverable by holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes during a Winding-up of the Bank and may limit 
the Bank’s ability to meet its obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which benefit 
from a preferential ranking, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will lose all or some of his or her investment should a Winding-Up occur. 
Noteholders may only declare the Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
to be due and payable in certain very limited circumstances and may only claim for payment in respect of 
such Notes in the liquidation (in Icelandic: slit eða gjaldþrot) of the Bank  
Upon default being made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be, a holder of such Notes (other than where 
Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) may, upon the 
expiry of the applicable period, institute proceedings for the Bank to be declared insolvent or its liquidation 
(in Icelandic: slit eða gjaldþrot) and prove or claim in the liquidation of the Bank. It is only upon a 
declaration of insolvency by a court or agency or supervisory authority with the necessary jurisdiction and/or 
the liquidation of the Bank, that a holder of such Notes may declare such Notes to be due and payable and 
that holder may then only claim payment in respect of such Notes in the liquidation of the Bank. 
Holders of the Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be, may not 
otherwise institute any proceedings against the Bank and do not have any other remedies against the Bank, in 
each case to enforce any obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of such Notes. 
Accordingly, upon any default being made by the Bank in payment of any amount due in respect of the 
Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case may be, a holder of such Notes 
will only have the limited remedies above and will not have any other remedy against the Bank. 
Risk related to Green Notes 
The application of the net proceeds of Green Notes as described in “Use of Proceeds” may not meet 
investor expectations or be suitable for an investor’s investment criteria 
Prospective investors in any Notes where the “Reasons for the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms 
are stated to be for “green” purposes as described in “Use of Proceeds” below (Green Notes), should have 
regard to the information in “Use of Proceeds” regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Green Notes 
and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in 
such Green Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no 
assurance is given by the Bank or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Assets (as 
defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section below) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or 
as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or 
such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will 
develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. 
A basis for the determination of such “green” project definition has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy), 
which is subject to phased implementation. The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further 
development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation (including, for example, through Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 and a 
second delegated regulation for the remaining objectives, which is intended to be published in 2022). The 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation was incorpoprated into the EEA Agreement by EEA Joint 
Committee Decision No 151/2022, which entry into force is pending, following which it will be 
implemented into Icelandic law. In the meantime, while Iceland may have similar legislation in place, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green” or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during 
the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets. In addition, the 
criteria for what constitutes an Eligible Asset may be changed from time to time.   
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Bank) which 
may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Notes and in particular with any 
Eligible Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such report, assessment, 
opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Bank, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Notes. 
Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Notes. Currently, the providers of such 
reports, assessments, opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or 
other regime. 
In the event that any Green Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Bank, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Bank, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Bank to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Notes and 
obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in “Use of Proceeds”, there can be no assurance that the Bank will be able to do this. Nor 
can there be any assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Asset will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Bank. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Notes for any 
Eligible Assets, or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, as well as 
the existence of any potential mismatch between the duration of the Eligible Assets and the term of any 
Green Notes will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Green Notes, or (ii) give rise to any 
other claim or right (including any right to accelerate the Notes) of a holder of such Green Notes against the 
Bank, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Bank to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Bank in 
determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes, or (iv) affect 
the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL if 
such Notes are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as the case 
may be.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
The Green Notes are issued subject to their applicable terms and conditions including, without limitation, in 
relation to their status, interest payments, redemption and events of default as described in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” and the applicable Final Terms, regardless of the issue of such Notes as Green 
Notes. The Green Notes are further subject to any general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption that 
may be imposed in exactly the same manner as for any other Notes (including where such Notes are also 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes).  
Similarly, any Green Notes, as for any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of the CRR 
eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, the 
proceeds of Green Notes qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities may be used to cover losses in the 
balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green” label. 
Further, the performance of the Green Notes will in no circumstances be linked to the performance of any 
Eligible Assets that may be identified by the Bank and no segregation of assets and liabilities regarding any 
Green Notes or Eligible Assets will occur at any time. Payments of principal and interest on any Green Notes 
shall not depend on the performance of any Eligible Assets nor will holders of any Green Notes have any 
preferred right against the assets of any Eligible Assets. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Notes for any 
Eligible Assets or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, will not 
constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Green Notes or give rise to any other claim of a holder of 
such Green Notes against the Bank. The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as 
described above, or any such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Bank is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is 
reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Notes no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Green Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
There is a real risk that holders of Subordinated Notes will lose some or all of their investment should the 
Bank become insolvent or subject to resolution or at the point of non-viability of the Bank 
The Bank’s obligations under Subordinated Notes issued by it will be unsecured and subordinated. In the 
event of a Winding-Up, the rights of the Noteholders to payments on or in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
shall rank: 
(a) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(b) 
at least pari passu with payments to holders of any other Tier 2 Instruments and claims of any other 
subordinated creditors the claims of which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Notes; 
(c) 
in priority to payments to holders of any outstanding Additional Tier 1 Instruments and all classes of 
share capital of the Bank in their capacity as such holders, and claims of any other subordinated 
creditors the claims of which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes; and 
(d) 
junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of (a) depositors of the 
Bank, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Bank (including, without limitation, creditors in 
respect of any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank) and (c) claims of any other subordinated 
creditors the claims of which rank, or are expressed to rank, in priority to the Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a real risk that Noteholders will lose all or some of their investment should the Bank

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
become insolvent or subject to resolution under the BRRD (as defined below) as implemented in Iceland or 
at the point of non-viability of the Bank – see further “Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption 
on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of non-viability of the Bank” below. In the case 
of any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD, the sequence of any resulting write-down or 
conversion of the Subordinated Notes under Article 48 of the BRRD provides for the write-down or 
conversion of Subordinated Notes prior to unsubordinated Notes, which write-down or conversion shall be 
implemented in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at 
the point of non-viability of the Bank 
In addition to the application of the general bail-in tool to Subordinated Notes (see “The implementation of 
the BRRD in Iceland provides for a range of actions to be taken in relation to a relevant entity considered to 
be at risk of failing.  The taking of any action under the BRRD as implemented in Iceland could materially 
affect the value of any Notes”), the BRRD contemplate that Subordinated Notes may be subject to non-
viability loss absorption. As a result, resolution authorities may require the permanent write-down of capital 
instruments such as Subordinated Notes (which write-down may be in full) or the conversion of them into 
equity capital at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken. Any shares issued 
to holders of such Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any future cancellation, 
transfer or dilution. 
Even if grounds for compensation could be established, compensation may not be available under the BRRD 
to any holders of capital instruments subject to any write-down or conversion pursuant to non-viability loss 
absorption, separate from any exercise of the general bail-in toll (see “The implementation of the BRRD in 
Iceland provides for a range of actions to be taken in relation to a relevant entity considered to be at risk of 
failing.  The taking of any action under the BRRD as implemented in Iceland could materially affect the 
value of any Notes”), and even if available would only take the form of shares in the Bank.  
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution or (ii) the relevant authority or authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the 
relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the 
Subordinated Notes) are written-down or converted into equity or (iii) extraordinary public financial support 
is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying 
a serious disturbance in the economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability. 
The application of the general bail-in tool or any non-viability loss absorption measure may result in 
Noteholders losing some or all of their investment.  The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of 
such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of 
Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme and/or the ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations 
under Subordinated Notes. 
Noteholders may only declare the Subordinated Notes to be due and payable in certain very limited 
circumstances and may only claim for payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes in the liquidation (in 
Icelandic: slit eða gjaldþrot) of the Bank 
Upon default being made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes, a holder of the Subordinated Notes may upon the expiry of the applicable period, institute 
proceedings for the Bank to be declared insolvent or its liquidation (in Icelandic: slit eða gjaldþrot) and 
prove or claim in the liquidation of the Bank. It is only upon a declaration of insolvency by a court or agency 
or supervisory authority with the necessary jurisdiction and/or the liquidation of the Bank, that a holder of 
the Subordinated Notes may declare the Subordinated Notes to be due and payable and that holder may then 
only claim payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes in the liquidation of the Bank.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes may not otherwise institute any proceedings against the Bank and do not 
have any other remedies against the Bank, in each case to enforce any obligation for the payment of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, upon any default being made by the 
Bank in payment of any amount due in respect of the Subordinated Notes, a holder of the Subordinated 
Notes will only have the limited remedies above and will not have any other remedy against the Bank. 
The maturity of Subordinated Notes may only be accelerated in limited circumstances and, if accelerated, 
holders may only claim payment in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Bank 
Holders of Subordinated Notes may only accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Notes in limited 
circumstances and, if accelerated, may claim payment only in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Bank. See 
Condition 2.3 under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Risks related to Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Amortising Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation Linked 
Amortising Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no interest in 
respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions being lifted, the Bank may issue Notes with 
principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities, or to movements in currency exchange rates (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the Bank 
may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated.  Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest 
payable likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such index or other Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes.  Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment 
in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets.  
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. In addition, liquidity may be 
limited if the Bank makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, the investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding.  In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Bank will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Bank to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes, this will adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, including EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, 
REIBOR and CIBOR, are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes, Fixed Reset Notes or any other Notes which are 
linked to or reference a “benchmark”.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation, among 
other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the UK FCA or registered on the UK FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmarks”, in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the “benchmarks”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. It is not possible to predict with 
certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR and such other “benchmarks” will continue to be supported 
going forwards. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks": 
(i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a "benchmark"; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark"; and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) 
upon, a "benchmark". 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes, the Conditions of 
the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published Benchmark, including an 
inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, REIBOR, CIBOR, SONIA or SOFR or other 
relevant reference rates ceases to exist or be published or another Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event occurs.  
These fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as applicable, and 
that an Adjustment Spread or a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, respectively, may be applied to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, as a result of 
the replacement of the relevant benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (as the case may be). Certain 
Benchmark Amendments or other amendments, in the case of SOFR, to the Conditions of such Notes may 
also be made without the consent or approval of holders of the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset 
Notes, as applicable. In the case of any Alternative Rate, any Adjustment Spread unless formally 
recommended or provided for and any Benchmark Amendments shall be determined by the Bank (acting in 
good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, 
which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser) or in the case of SOFR, the Bank or the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any. Any Adjustment Spread or SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment that is applied may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. The

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) or 
SOFR Benchmark replacement (including with the application of a SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment) may still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant benchmark were to 
continue to apply in its current form. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as the case may be) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period or Reset Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of 
Fixed Reset Notes, the application of the Reset Rate for a preceding Reset Period or the initial Rate of 
Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, any determinations that may need to 
be made by the Bank and the involvement of any Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any 
such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Bank to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset 
Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, and 
other reforms of “benchmarks” more generally, in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for such 
Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR (SONIA-Linked Notes and 
SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively), interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively (each as defined in the Conditions of the Notes). Compounded 
Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR differ from the now discontinued Sterling and U.S. dollar 
LIBOR, respectively, in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded 
Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free or secured 
overnight rates, whereas Sterling LIBOR was and U.S. dollar LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and include a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be 
aware that Compounded Daily SOFR may behave materially differently from U.S. dollar LIBOR and 
Compounded Daily SONIA may behave materially differently from how Sterling LIBOR would have 
behaved, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market 
volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. The use of 
SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Eurobonds is also nascent, and subject to change and development, 
both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA and/or SOFR. 
Each of the Bank of England and the FRBNY publish certain historical indicative secured overnight 
financing rates, although such historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Potential investors in SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes should not rely on 
such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be, 
as an indicator of the future performance of SONIA or SOFR, respectively. For example, since the initial 
publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
comparable benchmark or market rates (see “SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile than other benchmarks 
or market rates” below). Accordingly, SONIA and SOFR over the term of any SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical 
indicative data. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to each of SONIA and SOFR 
as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR and U.S. dollar 
LIBOR, respectively. For example, in the context of backwards-looking SONIA and SOFR rates, market 
participants and relevant working groups continue, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, to assess the 
differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates, and such groups are also exploring 
forward-looking ‘term’ SONIA or SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average SONIA or SOFR rate over a designated term). The adoption of SONIA or SOFR 
may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from Sterling LIBOR or 
U.S. dollar LIBOR, respectively, or another reference rate to SONIA or SOFR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions in the case of Floating Rate Notes for which Compounded 
Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms. Furthermore, the Bank may in the future issue Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or 
SOFR that differ materially in terms of the interest determination provisions when compared with the 
provisions for such determination as set out in Conditions 3.3(b)(iii) and 3.3(b)(iv), respectively. The nascent 
development of Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR as an interest reference rate for 
the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR-based rates for such market 
and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility 
or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA or SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes issued 
under the Programme from time to time.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA and SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR. 
Since SONIA and SOFR are relatively new market reference rates, Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may have no established trading market when 
issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for 
debt securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, such as the spread over 
the reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such 
debt securities may be lower than those of later issued debt securities as a result. Further, if Compounded 
Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR do not prove to be widely used in securities, the trading price of 
Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, may 
be lower than those of debt securities referencing other reference rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may 
not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SONIA or SOFR 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in such Notes. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may 
result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, and the trading prices of such Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
Any failure of SONIA or SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Note 
According to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, convened by the Board of Governors of the 
FRBNY, SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an 
alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding 
conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on 
transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a 
result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. Similar considerations 
apply in respect of SONIA. This may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR or SONIA a 
suitable replacement or successor for all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar or Sterling LIBOR historically 
has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of 
banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR or SONIA. Any failure of SOFR or SONIA 
to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value and market price of Floating Rate 
Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily SONIA and the price at which 
investors can sell such Notes in the secondary market. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near the end 
of the Interest Period for SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily 
SOFR is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant SONIA Observation Period (as defined 
in Condition 3.3(b)(iii)) or SOFR Observation Period (as defined in Condition 3.3(b)(iv) and immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in any such Floating Rate Notes 
to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes on each 
Interest Payment Date, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes 
without changes to their information technology systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the 
liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, if Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under 
Condition 8, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final rate 
of interest payable in respect of such Floating Rate Notes shall only be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate Notes become due and 
payable. 
SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile than other benchmarks or market rates 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than 
daily changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR. Although changes in 
Compounded SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the 
return on and value and market price of Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR may 
fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates. In addition, the volatility of 
SOFR has reflected the underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. The FRBNY has at 
times conducted operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the federal 
funds rate within a target range. There can be no assurance that the FRBNY will continue to conduct such 
operations in the future, and the duration and extent of any such operations is inherently uncertain. Similar 
considerations may also apply in respect of SONIA. The effect of any such operations, or of the cessation of 
such operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be materially adverse to investors 
in SOFR-Linked Notes or SONIA-Linked Notes, as applicable. 
The interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes will be based on Compounded Daily 
SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, which are relatively new in the marketplace and may

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index, respectively, a 
relatively new market index 
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR is based on Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded SOFR, respectively, 
which is calculated on a daily compounded basis (or, where Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, by reference to the relevant index) and not the SONIA or SOFR 
rate published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period or an arithmetic average of 
SONIA or SOFR rates during such Interest Period. Each of the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR 
Index measures the cumulative impact of compounding SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on a unit of 
investment over time. The value of the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index on a particular 
business day reflects the effect of compounding SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on such business day and 
allows the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA or SOFR averages, as applicable, over custom time 
periods. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR during any Interest Period will not be the same as the interest rate on 
other SONIA or SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest 
rate. Further, if the SONIA or SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, 
its contribution to the relevant compounded rate will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to such 
compounded rate used to calculate the interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR on the interest payment date for such Interest Period. 
Limited market precedent exists for securities that use SONIA or SOFR as the interest rate and the method 
for calculating an interest rate based upon SONIA or SOFR in those precedents varies. In addition, the Bank 
of England and the FRBNY only began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index, 
respectively, very recently. Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded Daily SONIA and 
Compounded Daily SOFR set out in the Conditions and the use of the SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR 
Index for the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, 
may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation 
method, this would likely adversely affect the market value of any respective SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Notes. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked 
Notes, respectively 
SONIA and SOFR are published by the Bank of England and the FRBNY as the respective administrators of 
SONIA and SOFR based on data received from sources other than the Bank. The Bank has no control over 
the determination, calculation or publication of SONIA or SOFR. The administrator of SONIA or SOFR 
may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be, or discontinue 
SONIA or SOFR, respectively, and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked 
Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes in doing so. Each of the Bank of England or the FRBNY (or, in each case, a 
successor), as the respective administrator of SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or 
other changes that could change the value of SONIA or, SOFR, including changes related to the method by 
which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate 
SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA and SOFR. In addition, the respective 
administrators of SONIA or SOFR may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA 
or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on any SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, will apply, as further described in Conditions 3.3(b)(iii) and 3.3(b)(iv), 
respectively. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
respectively. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on any respective SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes,

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. If the rate at which interest accrues on any 
SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, 
no interest will be payable on such Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. The 
administrator of each of SONIA and SOFR has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-
Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be. In addition, the administrator of each of SONIA or 
SOFR may withdraw, modify or amend the published SONIA or SOFR rate or other SONIA or SOFR data, 
respectively, in its sole discretion and without notice. 
The SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued, which could adversely 
affect the value and market price of any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms 
The SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index are published by The Bank of England and the 
FRBNY, respectively, based on data received by them from sources other than the Bank, and the Bank has 
no control over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or the availability 
of the SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index at any time. There can be no guarantee, particularly given 
their relatively recent introduction, that the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in 
any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR where Index 
Determination is applicable. If the manner in which the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index is 
calculated, including the manner in which SONIA or SOFR, respectively, is calculated, is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is applicable and the 
trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the Bank of England or the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or 
amend the published SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index, respectively, or other SONIA or SOFR 
data in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any Interest Period will not be adjusted for 
any modifications or amendments to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index or other SONIA or 
SOFR data that the Bank of England or the FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period 
has been determined. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Bank or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bank or the Notes.  The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances).  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation.  As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  Certain information with respect 
to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
The Annual Financial Statements, including the information set out at the following pages of the 
2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(available 
at: 
https://wwwv2.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/English/About-the-Bank/Investor-Relations/Financial-
information/Financial-
Statements/2021/Arion%20Bank%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements%202021.pdf) 
and 
the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively, in particular (available at: 
https://wwwv2.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/English/About-the-Bank/Investor-Relations/Financial-
information/Financial-
Statements/2020/Arion%20Bank%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements%202020.pdf):  
 
 
2021 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements  
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements  
Independent Auditors’ Report …………… 
Pages 11 to 13 
Pages 9 to 11 
Consolidated Income Statement………….   Page 14 
Page 12 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive 
Income………………………………….. 
Page 15 
Page 13 
Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position ……………………………….. 
Page 16 
Page 14 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity…………………………………... 
Pages 17 to 18 
Pages 15 to 16 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows…. 
Page 19 
Page 17 
Notes…………………………………… 
Pages 20 to 93 
Pages 18 to 90 
(b) 
the Q2 2022 Interim Financial Statements, including the information set out at the following pages 
of 
the 
Q2 
2022 
Interim 
Financial 
Statements 
(available 
at: 
https://wwwv2.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/English/About-the-Bank/Investor-Relations/Financial-
information/Financial-
Statements/2022/Arion%20Bank%20Condensed%20Consolidated%20Interim%20Financial%20Stat
ements%201%20January%20-%2030%20June%202022.pdf):  
Review Report on the Condensed Consolidated 
Interim Financial Statements 
Page 7 
Consolidated Interim Income Statement………….   
Page 8 
Consolidated Interim Statement of Comprehensive 
Income………………………………….. 
Page 9 
Consolidated Interim Statement of Financial Position 
……………………………….. 
Page 10

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Consolidated Interim Statement of Changes in 
Equity…………………………………... 
Pages 11 to 12 
Consolidated Interim Statement of Cash Flows…. 
Page 13 
Notes…………………………………… 
Pages 14 to 69 
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 23 April 
2014, pages 47 to 70 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (available 
at: 
https://www.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/Bankinn/Fjarfestatengsl/Adrar-
langtimaskuldir/EMTN/utgafulysing---Programme-
Documents/Arion%20Bank%20EMTN%20Base%20Prospectus.PDF).  
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 5 June 2015, 
pages 49 to 72 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (available at: 
https://www.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/Bankinn/Fjarfestatengsl/Adrar-
langtimaskuldir/EMTN/utgafulysing---Programme-
Documents/Arion%20Bank%20EMTN%20Base%20Prospectus%202015.PDF).  
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2016, 
pages 48 to 71 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (available at: 
https://www.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/Bankinn/Fjarfestatengsl/Adrar-
langtimaskuldir/EMTN/utgafulysing---Programme-
Documents/Arion%20Bank%20EMTN%20Base%20Prospectus%202016.PDF).  
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 19 June 
2017, pages 60 to 90 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (available 
at: 
https://www.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/Bankinn/Fjarfestatengsl/Adrar-
langtimaskuldir/EMTN/utgafulysing---Programme-
Documents/Arion%20Bank%20EMTN%20Base%20Prospectus%202017.pdf).  
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 10 July 
2018, pages 67 to 102 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (available 
at: 
https://www.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/Bankinn/Fjarfestatengsl/Adrar-
langtimaskuldir/EMTN/utgafulysing---Programme-Documents/Arion_Bank_EMTN_2018_-
_Base_Prospectus.PDF).   
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 18 July 
2019, pages 68 to 104 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (available 
at: 
https://www.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/Bankinn/Fjarfestatengsl/Adrar-
langtimaskuldir/EMTN/utgafulysing---Programme-
Documents/Arion%20Bank%20EMTN%20Base%20Prospectus%202019.pdf). 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 6 August 
2020, pages 69 to 103 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (available 
at: 
https://wwwv2.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/Bankinn/Fjarfestatengsl/Adrar-
langtimaskuldir/EMTN/utgafulysing---Programme-
Documents/Arion%20Bank%20EMTN%20Base%20Prospectus%202020.pdf).    
(j) 
the changes to the form of the Final Terms contained in the Supplement dated 6 July 2021 to the 
Base Prospectus dated 6 August 2020 on page 7 prepared by the Bank in connection with the 
Programme 
(available 
at: 
https://www.arionbanki.is/english/about-us/investor-relations/debt-
investors/funding-programmes-andprospectuses/#Tab1).

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(k) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 20 August 
2021, pages 74 to 108 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (available 
at: 
https://wwwv2.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/Bankinn/Fjarfestatengsl/Adrar-
langtimaskuldir/EMTN/utgafulysing---Programme-
Documents/Arion%20bank%20EMTN%20Base%20Prospectus%202021.pdf). 
(l) 
the Supplement dated 8 December 2021 to the Base Prospectus dated 20 August 2021 prepared by 
the 
Bank 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
Programme 
(available 
at: 
https://wwwv2.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/Bankinn/Fjarfestatengsl/Adrar-
langtimaskuldir/EMTN/utgafulysing---Programme-
Documents/Arion%20Bank%20Supplement%20Dec%202021.pdf).   
The non-incorporated parts of the documents referred to herein which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference lists above, are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.   
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Bank and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. A copy of this Base 
Prospectus (and when published, any supplements to this Base Prospectus) will be available at 
https://www.arionbanki.is/english/about-us/investor-relations/debt-investors/funding-programmes-and-
prospectuses/#Tab1. 
Copies of this Base Prospectus (and when published, any supplements to this Base Prospectus) and all 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will also be available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu.  
Any websites referenced in this Base Prospectus are referenced for information purposes only and the 
contents of any website referenced in this Base Prospectus do not form part of (and are not incorporated by 
reference into) this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus as they are either deemed not 
relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
The Bank will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be either (i) in bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or (ii) in 
uncertificated book entry form cleared through the ISD. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
note (a Permanent Global Note, and together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, 
in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate/Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified as to whether or not such Global 
Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the 
Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Bearer Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is 
not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons 
who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Bearer Note of 
the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be)

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Bank has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently 
to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Bank has 
or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Bearer Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form.  The Bank will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange and, in 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Bank may also give notice 
to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date 
of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), and on all 
interest coupons relating to such Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Bearer Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
ISD Notes 
Each Tranche of ISD Notes will be issued in uncertificated book entry form cleared through the ISD. On the 
issue of such ISD Notes, the Bank (if it is not the ISD Agent) will send a copy of the applicable Final Terms 
to the ISD Agent.  On delivery of the applicable Final Terms by the ISD Agent to the ISD and notification to 
the ISD of the subscribers and their ISD account details by the Bank or the relevant Dealer, as applicable, the 
ISD Agent acting on behalf of the Bank will credit each subscribing account holder with the ISD with a 
nominal amount of ISD Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of ISD Notes in the ISD will take place in accordance 
with market practice at the time of such transactions. 
Title to the ISD Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct accountholders at the ISD 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the ISD.  The holder of an ISD Note will be the person 
evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of the ISD.  The person evidenced (including any nominee) 
as a holder of the ISD Notes shall be treated as the holder of such ISD Notes for the purposes of payment of 
principal and interest on such ISD Notes.  The expressions Noteholders and holder of Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly in the case of ISD Notes.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
For the ISD Notes, overdue interest may be calculated in accordance with the provisions of Chapter III of the 
Act on Interest and Indexation No 38/2001.   
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Fiscal Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Bearer Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Bearer Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Bearer Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned (where applicable) a common code, ISIN, FISN and 
CFI code which are different from the common code, ISIN, FISN and CFI code assigned to Bearer Notes of 
any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single 
Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Bearer Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the ISD shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 8.  In such 
circumstances, where any Bearer Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Bearer Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to 
their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Bank on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 
19 June 2017 and executed by the Bank.  
The Bank may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will 
be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[3MIFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]4. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[3UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of [United Kingdom/UK] domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
                                                     
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
4  
To be considered on a case-by-case basis. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be 
included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristics and objectives of clients which 
are [details to be inserted].

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]4. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Bank has determined the classification of 
the Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Singapore Monetary Authority 
(the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]5 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which (1) have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more, 
and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market. 
[Date] 
ARION BANK HF 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): RIL4VBPDB0M7Z3KXSF19 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 2 September 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information.  [The Base Prospectus has been published on the Bank's website 
(https://www.arionbanki.is/english/about-us/investor-relations/debt-investors/funding-programmes-and-
prospectuses/#Tab1).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [23 April 2014/5 June 2015/7 June 2016/19 June 2017/10 July 2018/18 
July 2019/6 August 2020 and the supplement to it dated 6 July 2021/20 August 2021 and the supplement to 
it dated 8 December 2021].  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 2 
September 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
                                                     
5  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as 
defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the Bank's website (https://www.arionbanki.is/english/about-us/investor-
relations/debt-investors/funding-programmes-and-prospectuses/#Tab1). 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date 
of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 20 below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent))  
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Conditions): 
 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Reset] 
[[[    ] month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/REIBOR/CIBOR/Compo
unded Daily SONIA/ Compounded Daily SOFR]] +/- [  ] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero coupon] 
[Inflation Linked] 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]/[16]/[17]/[18] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 
[100]/[   ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount/[Inflation linked redemption in accordance with 
item 14 below, and Conditions 3.5 and 5.14]/ [Inflation 
linked redemption in accordance with Condition 5.15] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [13/15] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [13/15] applies][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Call Options: 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[21] below)] 
12. 
Status of Notes: 
 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated] 
(If Senior Preferred Notes include) 
(i) 
Unrestricted Events of Default: 
[Applicable – Condition 8.1 applies /Not Applicable – 
Condition 8.2 applies] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for [          ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
Notes in definitive form. (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions) 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form. (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions)  
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
14. 
Inflation Linked Amortising Notes: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/other (specify)] in arrear] 
(b) 
Interest payment Date(s): 
 
The [  ] day in each month]/[[  ] in each year] up to 
and including the Maturity Date 
(c) 
Number of Interest payments in a 
year: 
[       ] 
(d) 
Total 
number 
of 
annuity 
payments on the relevant Notes: 
[       ] 
(e) 
Base Index: 
[       ] 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
15. 
Fixed Reset Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[     ] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date] 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date 
for Notes in definitive form (and 
in relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert interest payment dates except where there are long 
or short periods. In these cases, insert regular interest 
payment dates] 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(g) 
Reset Date: 
[    ] 
(h) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[      ] [and [      ]] 
(i) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate][Reset Reference Bond Rate][CMT 
Rate] 
(j) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][      ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
[Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ]]5 
(l) 
[Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[       ]6 
(m) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[       ] 
(n) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[     ] per cent. per annum (quoted on a[n annual/semi-
annual basis])] 
(o) 
[Initial Reference Rate: 
[     ] per cent.]7 
(p) 
[Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Other-
specify/Not Applicable]]8 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in 
(b) below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business  
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
                                                     
5  
Delete if the Reset Reference Rate is not the Mid-Swap Rate or Reset Reference Bond Rate. 
6  
Delete sub-paragraphs (l) through (n) if the Reset Reference Rate is not the Mid-Swap Rate. 
7  
Delete if the Reset Reference Rate is the Mid-Swap Rate. 
8  
Delete if the Reset Reference Rate is not the Reset Reference Bond Rate.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/[specify 
other]][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[          ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[currency][    ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/REIBOR/CIBOR/ 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR/STIBOR]. 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[          ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, 
the second Oslo, Stockholm, Reykjavík or Copenhagen 
(as the case may be) business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if NIBOR, STIBOR, REIBOR or 
CIBOR, the day falling “p” London Banking Days prior 
to the last day of the relevant Interest Period, if 
Compounded Daily SONIA and the day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the last 
day of the relevant Interest Period, if Compounded Daily 
SOFR) 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately)  
(iv) 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift]9 
(v) 
Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[__][London 
Banking/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business] Day[s]]10 
(NB: If the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, 
a minimum of 5 London Banking Days should be 
specified unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable) 
(vi) 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                     
9  
Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes which specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded Daily SONIA" and Index Determination 
is not applicable. 
10  
 
Only relevant for Floating Rate Notes which specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded Daily SONIA" or "Compounded 
 
Daily SOFR" and Index Determination is not applicable.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(vii) 
Specified Time: 
[    ] 
(N.B. Delete for all Reference Rates other than 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily 
SOFR where Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
(i) 
ISDA Definitions:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected below, note that 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination” are not workable in a notes context. 
Amendments will therefore need to be made to the 
Conditions which will require a PR drawdown 
prospectus for the issue) 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
(iii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of an EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
(v) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
(vi) 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[      ] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[     ] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [   
]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[ ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [  ]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
(vii) 
Averaging:  
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
(viii) 
Averaging Method: 
Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[   ] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[     ] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [   
]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[   ] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [   ]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
(ix) 
Index provisions: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
(x) 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[     ] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [   
]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Note Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
18. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/other (specify)] in arrear]  
(b) 
Interest payment Date(s): 
The [  ] day in each month]/[[  ] in each year] up 
to and including the Maturity Date  
(c) 
Base Index: 
[      ],being the value of the CPI on [     ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
[          ]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro forma, 
for example reference obligation] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[          ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
 
Minimum period: [ 
] days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Bank is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Bank and the Fiscal Agent) 
20. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
 
Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
 
Minimum period: [ 
] days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Bank is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Bank and the Fiscal Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/[[  ] for the Inflation 
Linked Amortising Notes]/[In accordance with Condition 
5.15 per Calculation Amount] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event or a 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
or 
following an Event of Default: 
 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of 
the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider).  If, however, 
the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. 
of the nominal value, consideration should be given as to

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
what the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.11]  
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be represented 
on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 5 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].")  
 
[ISD Notes 
ISD Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book entry form.  See further paragraph 7 of Part B 
below.] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
(N.B. If ISD Notes, insert "No") 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
 
[Not Applicable/         ] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment 
and not the end dates of Interest Periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
                                                     
11  
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Bank confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of ARION BANK HF.: 
 
By: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
Application has been made by the Bank (or on its 
behalf) for the [Notes/ISD Notes] to be admitted to 
trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market/Nasdaq Iceland Main Market/ ]12 [and listed on 
the Official List of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ 
]]13 with effect from [ ].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Bank (or on 
its behalf) for the [Notes/ISD Notes] to be admitted to 
trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market/ Nasdaq Iceland Main Market/ ] and [listed on 
the Official List of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ 
]]14 with effect from [ ].]  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued will not be rated]/[The Notes to 
be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this 
type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms].  
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.)  
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the [European 
Union/United Kingdom] and is registered under 
[Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended)/Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
                                                     
 
13  
Not required for listing on Nasdaq Iceland Main market. 
14  
Not required for listing on Nasdaq Iceland Main market.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Bank is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Bank and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base Prospectus/      ]/[ 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the 
Notes shall be used for green purposes (as described in 
the Base Prospectus) and therefore the Notes are Green 
Notes as described, and as this term is defined, in the 
Base Prospectus.][An amount equal to the net proceeds 
of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Bank to 
finance and/or refinance, in part or in full, new and/or 
existing [description of relevant projects to be 
inserted].][      ]]  
 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer are different from general corporate 
and there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will need to be stated here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[               ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed 
Reset Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[[     ] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF FORMULA/CPI, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE UNDERLYING (Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Amortising Notes only) 
[Not Applicable]  
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the formula/CPI can 
be obtained.]  
The Notes are linked to the performance of the Icelandic Consumer Price Index (CPI) produced 
based on data from Statistics Iceland  
Information about the CPI can be obtained from the website of Statistics of Iceland being 
[http://www.statice.is/Statistics/Prices-and-consumption/Indices-overview]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
The Bank [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI Code: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
number(s)/Icelandic Securities Depository, Iceland.  The 
Bank shall be entitled to obtain certain information from 
the register maintained by the ISD for the purpose of 
performing its obligations under the issue of ISD Notes.  
The ISD Agent shall be entitled to obtain such 
information as is required to perform its duties under the 
Conditions of the Notes and rules and regulations of, 
and applicable to, the ISD.] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any) or, in the case of ISD Notes, 
the ISD Agent: 
[     ][Not Applicable] 
[(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[               ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)  
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
(x) 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/REIBOR/CIBOR/[     ]] 
is 
provided 
by 
[European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute/Norske Finansielle Referanser AS/Swedish 
Financial 
Benchmark 
Facility/Central 
Bank 
of 
Iceland/Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS/[   
]]. 
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/REIBOR/CIBOR/[     ]]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
[[appears]/[does not appear]] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 
(as 
amended, 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation)] [[As far as the Bank is aware, as at the 
date hereof, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[European Money Markets Institute/Norske Finansielle 
Referanser 
AS/Swedish 
Financial 
Benchmark 
Facility/Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS/[   
]] 
is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)] OR [[Central Bank of Iceland/[     ]] does 
not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Where applicable, the Terms and Conditions will 
be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter 
case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
Bank and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note 
will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) will, where applicable, be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note 
and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content 
of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Arion Bank hf. (the Bank). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note and  
(d) 
any Notes issued in uncertificated book entry form cleared through the Icelandic Securities 
Depository (the ISD Notes and the ISD, respectively).  ISD Notes are in dematerialised form. Any 
references in these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to 
ISD Notes and no global or definitive Note will be issued in respect of ISD Notes. 
The Notes (other than ISD Notes) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement dated 20 August 2021, as supplemented by the supplemental agency agreement dated 17 
December 2021 and the second supplemental agency agreement dated 2 September 2022 (as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) each as made between the Bank 
and Citibank N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein. In relation to the ISD Notes, Arion Bank hf. will 
act as the ISD system account manager (the ISD Agent, which expression shall include any additional agent 
appointed by the Bank from time to time in relation to the ISD Notes). The Fiscal Agent, the other paying 
Agents and the ISD Agent are together referred to as the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor paying agents. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Bank will also appoint a calculation agent with respect to a 
Series (the Calculation Agent, which expression shall include any successor calculation agent and any other 
calculation agent specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
which are (except in the case of ISD Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these 
Conditions. References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which are (except in the case of ISD Notes) attached to or 
endorsed on this Note and (in the case of the ISD Notes) which are deposited with the ISD and the ISD 
Agent. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and (in 
the case of ISD Notes) the persons who are for the time being shown in the records of the ISD as the holders 
of the Notes, and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note and any ISD Notes, be 
construed as provided below. Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons 
and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders (except in the case of ISD Notes) and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the 
Deed of Covenant (such Deed of Covenant as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 19 June 2017 and made by the Bank.  The original of the Deed of 
Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by 
email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent or the Bank and provision of 
proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Bank, as the case 
may be).  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to 
the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final 
Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or, in the case of ISD Notes, uncertificated book entry form, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, in the case of definitive Notes, in the currency (the 
Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and (other than ISD Notes) serially numbered. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. The Notes in 
bearer form may not be exchanged for ISD Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon 
Note, an Inflation Linked Note, an Inflation Linked Amortising Note, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. This Note may be 
an Inflation Linked Note or an Inflation Linked Amortising Note depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
This Note may be a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, 
depending on the Status shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes in bearer form and Coupons will pass by delivery and title 
to ISD Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at 
the ISD in accordance with the rules and procedures of the ISD. The Bank and the Paying Agents 
will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon and the 
registered holder of any ISD Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set 
out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) or in the case of 
ISD Notes, each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or ISD) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg or the ISD, as the case may 
be, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or 
other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the ISD, as the case may be, as to 
the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Bank and the 
relevant Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other 
than (in the case only of Notes not being ISD Notes) with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global 
Note shall be treated by the Bank and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to the ISD, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
2.1 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes  
This Condition 2.1 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Senior Preferred Notes.  
(a) 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Bank and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. 
(b) 
In the event of the winding-up (in Icelandic: slitameðferð) of the Bank (a Winding-Up), the 
rights and claims of the Noteholders to payments on or in respect of the Notes shall rank: 
(i) 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law, including any present 
or future claims of depositors) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations) of the Bank from time to time outstanding; and

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(ii) 
senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank. 
2.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 2.2 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(a) 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Bank 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(b) 
In the event of a Winding-Up, the rights and claims of the Noteholders to payments on or in 
respect of the Notes shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank; 
(iii) 
in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital of the Bank in their 
capacity as such holders and any subordinated obligations or other securities of the 
Bank which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities of the Bank (including, without limitation, any Additional Tier 1 
Instruments and any Subordinated Notes); and 
(iv) 
junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of (a) 
depositors of the Bank and (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Bank that are 
not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank. 
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 2.3 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. In such case, the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Bank.  
In the event of a Winding-Up, the rights and claims of the Noteholders to payments on or in respect 
of the Notes shall rank: 
(a) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(b) 
at least pari passu with payments to holders of any other Tier 2 Instruments and claims of 
any other subordinated creditors the claims of which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari 
passu with the Notes; 
(c) 
in priority to payments to holders of any Additional Tier 1 Instruments and all classes of 
share capital of the Bank in their capacity as such holders, and claims of any other 
subordinated creditors the claims of which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Notes; and 
(d) 
junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of (a) depositors of 
the Bank, (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Bank (including, without limitation, 
creditors in respect of any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank) and (c) claims of 
any other subordinated creditors the claims of which rank, or are expressed to rank, in 
priority to the Notes,  
subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Icelandic law.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
In these Conditions: 
Additional Tier 1 capital means Additional Tier 1 capital as defined in Applicable Banking 
Regulations; 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments means at any time any debt instruments of the Bank that comply 
with the then current requirements under Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to Additional 
Tier 1 capital; 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy, prudential supervision or resolution then in effect in 
Iceland and applicable to the Bank, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, prudential 
supervision or resolution of the Relevant Regulator, in each case to the extent then in effect in 
Iceland (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether 
or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Bank); 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines  
and policies then in effect in Iceland giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Bank or the Group (as defined in Condition 8.3), as the case may 
be, including, without  limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and the BRRD (whether or 
not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Bank or the Group, as the case may be); 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive, CRR and any CRD 
Implementing Measures; 
CRD Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Bank or the Group, as the case may be, and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled 
by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Bank or the Group, as the 
case may be (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD 
Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards 
released by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may 
be amended or replaced from time to time; 
Hierarchy of Claims Act means Act No. 38/2021, which amended Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery 
and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, and was passed by the Icelandic 
Parliament on 4 May 2021 and subsequently enacted into law, as the same may be amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
FSA means the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (Fjármálaeftirlitið) 
or such other or successor authority in Iceland having primary bank supervisory authority with 
respect to the Bank;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Bank or the Group, as the case may be, under Applicable MREL Regulations; 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which 
is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Bank or the Group, as the case may be; 
Relevant Regulator means (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) (i) (in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes) the FSA and (ii) (in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes and the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in Condition 17) and/or 
such other authority tasked with matters relating to the qualification of securities of the Bank and/or 
the Group, as the case may be, under the Applicable MREL Regulations; 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities means liabilities having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking; 
Senior Non-Preferred Ranking means the ranking for senior non-preferred notes or senior non-
preferred debt instruments as described in Article 85 (a) of Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended by the Hierarchy of Claims Act, 
that expressly provides that upon the insolvency of a financial institution regulated under Act No. 
70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms such senior non-
preferred notes or senior non-preferred debt instruments will rank below other unsubordinated and 
unsecured liabilities with higher priority ranking of the financial institution; and in addition, with 
respect to Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities that constitute Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the ranking 
set forth in Condition 2.2; 
Tier 2 capital means Tier 2 capital as defined in Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
Tier 2 Instruments means at any time any debt instruments of the Bank that comply with the then 
current requirements under Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to Tier 2 capital. 
2.4 
Waiver of all Set-Off Rights 
No holder of a Senior Preferred Note (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated Note, as 
the case may be, may at any time exercise or claim any Set-Off Rights against any right, claim or 
liability of the Bank or that the Bank may have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly 
and howsoever arising (and including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any kind or any non-contractual obligation, 
whether or not relating to that Senior Preferred Note (other than where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Note or 
Subordinated Note, as the case may be) and each holder of any Senior Preferred Note (other than 
where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), 
Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated Note, as the case may be, shall be deemed to have 
waived all Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such 
actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any 
amount payable by the Bank in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, any Senior 
Preferred Note (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated Note, as the case may be, to 
any holder of such Senior Preferred Note (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Note or 
Subordinated Note is discharged by set-off or any netting, such holder shall, subject to applicable 
law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Bank and, until such 
time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Bank and, 
accordingly, any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
Nothing in this Condition 2.4 is intended to provide, or shall be construed as acknowledging, any 
Set-Off Rights or that any such Set-Off Right is or would be available to any holder of any Senior 
Preferred Note (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated Note but for this Condition 
2.4. 
In this Condition 2.4, Set-Off Rights means any and all rights or claims of any holder of any Senior 
Preferred Note (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated Note against the Bank for 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly 
under or in connection with any Senior Preferred Note (other than where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Note or 
Subordinated Note, as the case may be. 
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or Fixed Rate Notes 
which are ISD Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in 
the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.1:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.  
(c) 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
3.2 
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
(a) 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of the resetting of the 
Rate of Interest for Fixed Reset Notes and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 3.2 for 
full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Reset Notes.  In particular, 
the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Reset Date, any 
Subsequent Reset Date(s), the Reset Margin, the Specified Currency, the Relevant Screen Page, the 
Floating Leg Reference Rate, the Floating Leg Screen Page and the Initial Mid-Swap Rate. 
(b) 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Fixed Reset Notes, the Notes shall 
bear interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Reset Date at 
the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; and

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
(ii) 
from (and including) the Reset Date to (but excluding) either (a) the Maturity Date or (b) if 
applicable, the first Subsequent Reset Date and each successive period from (and including) 
any Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) (each period in (a) and (b) being a Reset Period), in each case at the rate per annum 
equal to the relevant Reset Rate,  
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to and including the Maturity Date or, if none, the redemption, or purchase and cancellation, 
of the Notes. 
The provisions of this Condition 3.2 shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination by the 
Fiscal Agent (in the case of Fixed Reset Notes other than ISD Notes) or the ISD Agent (in the case 
of Fixed Reset Notes which are ISD Notes) of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period in accordance 
with this Condition 3.2 as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes. The Rate of Interest 
for each Reset Period shall otherwise be determined by the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Fixed Reset 
Notes other than ISD Notes) or the ISD Agent (in the case of Fixed Reset Notes which are ISD 
Notes) on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
3.2. Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 3.1 shall 
apply to Fixed Reset Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
In these Conditions, with respect to any Fixed Reset Notes: 
Reset Determination Date means the second Business Day immediately preceding the Reset Date 
or relevant Subsequent Reset Date, as the case may be; and 
Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Reset Reference Rate for the relevant Reset 
Period, converted, if applicable, to a semi-annual or quarterly rate in accordance with market 
convention, in the case of semi-annual or quarterly Interest Payment Dates, respectively. 
If the Reset Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is the Mid-Swap Rate: 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to the Reset Date or relevant Subsequent Reset Date, as the case 
may be, and the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date or that Subsequent Reset Date, the rate 
for the Reset Date or that Subsequent Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest 
Payment Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (if available) for swap transactions 
in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date or relevant Subsequent Reset Date, 
as the case may be, will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the Reset Period; 
Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other 
equivalent information service as determined by the Bank for the purpose of displaying equivalent or 
comparable rates to the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an 
equivalent maturity to the Reset Period; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual or 
annual, as applicable, fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments 
in the Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Currency with a term equal to the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date or relevant 
Subsequent Reset Date, as the case may be, and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (in each case calculated on the day 
count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency), is equivalent to the Rate 
of Interest that would apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate Determination was specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the 
Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Relevant Screen Page was the 
Floating Leg Screen Page;  
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to the Reset Date or relevant Subsequent Reset Date, 
as the case may be, and the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date or that Subsequent Reset 
Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the Reset Period Mid-Swap 
Rate Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date.  The Bank (in the case 
of Fixed Reset Notes other than ISD Notes) or the ISD Agent (in the case of Fixed Reset Notes 
which are ISD Notes) will request the principal office of each of the Reset Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of its rate.  If at least three quotations are provided to the Fiscal Agent (in the 
case of Fixed Reset Notes other than ISD Notes) or the ISD Agent (in the case of Fixed Reset Notes 
which are ISD Notes), the rate for the Reset Date or relevant Subsequent Reset Date, as the case may 
be, will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are 
provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate for the immediately preceding Reset 
Period or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate; and 
Reset Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by 
the Bank. 
If the Reset Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is the Reset Reference Bond 
Rate, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Reset Determination Time means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall 
be Frankfurt, Germany) on such Reset Determination Date; 
Reset Reference Bond means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities 
issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) (a Relevant Government Bond) selected by the 
Bank as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with such Reset Period and 
that (in the opinion of the Bank) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in 
the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to such Reset Period; 
Reset Reference Bond Yield means, in respect of any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic 
average of the Reset Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination 
Date, as determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, 
after excluding the highest and lowest such Reset Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; 
provided, however, that (A) if fewer than five but more than one Reset Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations are received, the Reset Reference Bond Yield shall be equal to the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations, or (B) if only one Reset Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotation is received, the Reset Reference Bond Yield shall be equal to such quotation, or (C) if no 
Reset Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the Reset Reference Bond Yield

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
will be the Reset Reference Bond Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period or, if none, the 
Initial Reference Rate; 
Reset Reference Bond Rate means, in relation to any Reset Period, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the 
Reset Reference Bond, expressed as a percentage, which equals the Reset Reference Bond Yield for 
the relevant Reset Determination Date; 
Reset Reference Government Bond Dealers means five banks or other financial institutions that 
are (A) primary dealers in Relevant Government Bonds, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issues denominated in the Specified Currency, in each case as selected by the Bank and 
notified in writing to the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable; and 
Reset Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reset 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the bid and offered yields to 
maturity or interpolated yields to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) for the Reset Reference 
Bond (expressed as a percentage) as at or around the Reset Determination Time on such Reset 
Determination Date, and, if relevant, on a dealing basis for settlement that is customarily used for 
such Reset Reference Bond at such time, quoted in writing to the Bank by such Reset Reference 
Government Bond Dealer. 
If the Reset Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is the CMT Rate, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Business Day means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as defined in Condition 
3.3(b)(iv)(C)); 
CMT Rate means in relation to any Reset Determination Date: 
(i) 
the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at 
"constant maturity" for a period of maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of 
the relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 under the caption "Treasury constant 
maturities (nominal)", as that yield is displayed on such Reset Determination Date, on the 
Relevant Screen Page; 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above is not published on the Relevant Screen Page 
on such Reset Determination Date, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield 
for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" having a period to maturity which is 
equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period as published in H.15 under 
the caption "Treasury constant maturities (nominal)" on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if neither the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above nor the yield referred to in paragraph 
(ii) above is published on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on 
such Reset Determination Date,  
in each case, all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as 
applicable; 
H.15 means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, published 
by 
the 
Board 
of 
Governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Reference Bond Quotation means, with respect to each Reset Reference Bank and any Reset 
Determination Date, the rate of the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield-to-maturity 
based on the secondary market bid price of the relevant Reset U.S. Treasury Security as determined 
by the Reset Reference Bank at approximately the Reset Determination Time on the Business Day 
following such Reset Determination Date; 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, with respect to any Reset Period and any Reset Determination 
Date, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined on the basis of the Reference 
Bond Quotations requested by the Bank to be provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Fiscal 
Agent at approximately the Reset Determination Time on the Business Day following such Reset 
Determination Date. 
If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the 
Reference Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, 
the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be the last observable Original 
Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for a 
period of maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as 
published in H.15 under the caption "Treasury constant maturities (nominal)", as that yield is 
displayed on the Relevant Screen Page; 
Reset Reference Banks means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of five major banks which are primary U.S. Treasury Securities dealers or market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues determined in U.S. dollars, as published on the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York’s website at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; and 
U.S. Treasury Securities means securities that are direct obligations of the United States Treasury, 
issued other than on a discount basis. 
3.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(a) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(b) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(c) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(d) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout; and  
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index 
Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method, 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback, 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, Averaging with Lookback, 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Compounded 
Index Floating Rate Option, Index Method and Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either:

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR, REIBOR or CIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR and Copenhagen time, in the case of 
CIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable.  If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of 
NIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR or 
Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR), the Bank, shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case 
of NIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR 
or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or 
the ISD Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the 
ISD Agent, as applicable.   
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, with an offered 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent 
or the ISD Agent, as applicable, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, 
at the request of Bank, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, 
Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, Reykjavik time, 
in the case of REIBOR or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR), the Icelandic inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is REIBOR) or the Danish 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, 
Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are 
in the opinion of the Bank suitable for the purpose) informs the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Swedish inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Icelandic inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
REIBOR) or the Danish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
As used herein, Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the 
case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the 
Norwegian inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal 
Stockholm office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank market, in the case of a 
determination of REIBOR, the principal Reykjavik office of four major banks in the 
Icelandic inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, the principal 
Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Danish inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Bank.  
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified as being Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of 
Interest with respect to each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be Compounded Daily SONIA for such Interest Period plus or minus the 
Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, all as determined 
and calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD 
Agent, as applicable. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
I. 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Fiscal Agent or 
the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards):

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
where: 
SONIA Compounded Indexx is the SONIA Compounded Index 
value for the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period; 
SONIA Compounded Indexy is the SONIA Compounded Index 
value for the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period or such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which 
by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; 
provided that if the SONIA Compounded Index value required to 
determine SONIA Compounded Indexx or SONIA Compounded 
Indexy does not appear on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source on which the 
compounded daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank of England 
(or any successor administrator of SONIA)), at the Specified Time 
on the relevant London Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. London time 
or such later time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled 
time for publication of the SONIA Compounded Index in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate or SONIA authorised 
distributors, as the case may be), then Compounded Daily SONIA 
for such Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period shall be 
Compounded Daily SONIA determined in accordance with 
paragraph (II) below and for these purposes the “Observation 
Method” shall be deemed to be Shift; or 
II. 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 3.3(b)(iii)(II) 
applies to such Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 
3.3(b)(iii)(I) above, the rate determined by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is 
d 
n 
SONIA
o 
d 
i 
i 
pLBD
-
i 
365 
1 
365
1 
1 
× 
 
 
 
 




−
  
 
 
  
 
 
+ 
∏
= 
×

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
specified as the Observation Method) the SONIA Observation 
Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable 
Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the 
SONIA Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in (where in the applicable 
Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the 
relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; 
ni, for any London Banking Day i, is the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such London Banking Day i up to (but 
excluding) the following London Banking Day; 
SONIAi-pLBD means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day 
i falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA 
Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling p 
London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day i; 
or 
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method, SONIAi-pLBD shall be replaced in 
the above formula with SONIAi, where SONIAi means, in 
respect of any London Banking Day i falling in the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for 
such London Banking Day i. 
(B) 
In the event that Compounded Daily SONIA for any Interest Period cannot 
be determined by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD 
Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Rate 
of Interest shall be: 
I. 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or the Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin, the Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest  (as 
applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
II. 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Notes been in

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the 
first scheduled Interest Period). 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3(b)(iii) 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
Observation Look-Back Period means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
p means the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SONIA has the meaning given to such term in the definition of SONIA 
Reference Rate; 
SONIA Compounded Index means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, the compounded daily SONIA rate as published by the Bank of 
England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) as such rate appears on the 
Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database (or any successor source 
on which the compounded daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank of 
England (or such successor administrator)), at the Specified Time on such 
London Banking Day;  
SONIA Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling p 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
SONIA Reference Rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) to authorised distributors (the SONIA authorised 
distributors) and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the SONIA 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day, provided that if, in respect of any London 
Banking Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made available 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or has not otherwise been published by the 
SONIA authorised distributors) by 5.00 p.m, London time, then (unless the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, has 
been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and any related 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 
3.4 below, if applicable) the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such 
London Banking Day shall be: 
I. 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) 
prevailing at 5.00p.m. London time (or, if earlier, close of business)

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
on such London Banking Day; and (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those lowest spreads); or  
II. 
if the Bank Rate described in sub-clause (I) above is not available at 
such time on such London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise 
published by the SONIA authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference 
Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the SONIA authorised distributors); and 
Specified Time means 10:00a.m., London time, or such other time as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or 
the ISD Agent, as applicable. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
I. 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Fiscal Agent or 
the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
 
where: 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day falling p U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day falling p U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for the relevant Interest Period or such other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period); and 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR 
IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at the Specified Time on the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (or by 3:00 pm New York 
City time on the immediately following US Government Securities 
Business Day or such later time falling one hour after the customary 
or scheduled time for publication of the SOFR Index value in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of SOFR Index), "Compounded Daily SOFR" for 
such Interest Period and each Interest Period thereafter will be 
determined in accordance with Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(II) below; or 
II. 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 3.3(b)(iv)(II) 
applies to such Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 
3.3(b)(iv)(I) above, the rate determined by the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
d0 is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period, is the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (“i+1”); and 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period,

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
the SOFR Reference Rate for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
(B) 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement is at any time required to be used 
pursuant to paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then 
the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, will 
determine the SOFR Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the 
definition thereof with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark and, if 
the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent has so determined 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, then: 
I. 
the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
applicable, shall also determine the method for determining the rate 
described in sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the 
definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as applicable 
(including (i) the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service on or source from which such rate appears or is 
obtained (the Alternative Relevant Source), (ii) the time at which 
such rate appears on, or is obtained from, the Alternative Relevant 
Source (the Alternative Specified Time), (iii) the day on which 
such rate will appear on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source in 
respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
Alternative Relevant Date), and (iv) any alternative method for 
determining such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative Specified 
Time on the applicable Alternative Relevant Date), which method 
shall be consistent with industry-accepted practices for such rate; 
II. 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified 
Time in these Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the 
Alternative Specified Time; 
III. 
if the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
applicable, determines that (i) changes to the definitions of Business 
Day, Business Day Convention, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Period, Observation Look-Back Period, SOFR Observation 
Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and/or (ii) any other technical changes to any other 
provision in this Condition 3.3(b), are necessary in order to 
implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including any 
alternative method described in sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (I) 
above) as the SOFR Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, as the case may be, decides that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the 
case may be, determines that no market practice for use of the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Bank or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may 
be, determines is reasonably necessary), the Bank and the Fiscal 
Agent and/or the Calculation Agent and/or the ISD Agent, as 
applicable, shall agree without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders to the necessary modifications to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in order to provide for the

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
amendment of such definitions or other provisions to reflect such 
changes; and 
IV. 
the Bank will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon 
as practicable to the Fiscal Agent and/or the Calculation Agent 
and/or or the ISD Agent, as applicable, and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13, specifying the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as well as the details described in paragraph (A) 
above and the amendments implemented pursuant to paragraph (III) 
above. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3(b)(iv): 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same 
length (disregarding any applicable Business Day Convention) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR Benchmark; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA or 
any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or 
any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time by ISDA; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero, that would be applied to such ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of 
derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that will be 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Observation Look-Back Period means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
p means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included 
in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
any successor thereto; 
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the daily secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate);

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate or the 
SOFR Index, as applicable); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
SOFR Benchmark means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR or such other then-current SOFR Benchmark, 
then "SOFR Benchmark" means the applicable SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order presented below 
that can be determined by the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, if any, as of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for 
the 
then-current 
SOFR 
Benchmark 
for 
the 
applicable 
Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(2) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, provided that, (i) if the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determines that there is an 
industry-accepted replacement rate of interest for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time, it shall select such industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it 
shall select such rate of interest that it has determined is most 
comparable to the then-current Benchmark, and the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, if any, as of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero, that has been selected by the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, if any, to be applied to the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark with such 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the purposes of 
determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment shall 
be consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, applied 
to such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement where it has 
replaced the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent means any person that has been 
appointed by the Bank to make the calculations and determinations to be 
made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described in this 
Condition 3.3(b)(iv) that may be made by either the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent or the Bank, so long as such person is a leading bank or 
other financial institution or a person with appropriate expertise, in each case 
that is experienced in such calculations and determinations; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently 
or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any 
determination, the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to 
have occurred prior to the Specified Time for such determination; 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing 
that the SOFR Benchmark is no longer representative; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the compounded daily SOFR rate as published by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at the Specified Time on such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; 
SOFR Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) 
the date falling p U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
and 
SOFR Reference Rate means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day appearing on the SOFR Administrator's Website on or about the 
Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
does not appear as specified in paragraph (1) above, unless the Bank 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determines that a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to 
the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which such rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; or 
(3) 
if the Bank or SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, 
determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or prior to the Specified Time

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or, if the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior to the 
Specified Time on the Alternative Relevant Date), then (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this paragraph (3)) from (and including) the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or the Alternative 
Relevant Date, as applicable) (the Affected Day), SOFR Reference 
Rate shall mean, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement for such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing on, or obtained 
from, the Alternative Relevant Source at the Alternative Specified 
Time on the Alternative Relevant Date; 
Specified Time means 3:00 p.m., New York City time or such other time as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement means the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) that is not a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association or any successor organisation recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 3.3(b), in the event 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent determines it appropriate, in its 
sole discretion, to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with 
any determination to be made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
pursuant to this Condition 3.3(b), the Bank shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.3(b) shall 
act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner but shall have no 
relationship of agency or trust with the Noteholders and (in the absence of 
fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent in connection with any determination made by the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent pursuant to this Condition 3.3(b)(iv) 
or otherwise in connection with the Notes. 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent consults with an Independent 
Adviser as to the occurrence of any SOFR Benchmark Transition Event 
and/or the related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date, a written 
determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be 
conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and 
(in the absence of fraud) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent shall 
have no liability whatsoever to any Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to that matter in 
accordance with any such written determination or otherwise in connection 
with the Notes.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
(E) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Bank or 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this 
Condition 3.3(b)(iv), including any determination with respect to a tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
(including any determination that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the then-current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be 
made in the sole discretion of the Bank or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or a ISD Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Note Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Bank (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) shall instruct the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD 
Agent, as applicable, as to such rate, at such time and by reference to such sources as the Bank 
determines appropriate for the purposes of the calculation of the applicable rate of interest.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to the Bank and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly be notified to (i) each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed by no later than the first day of each 
Interest Period and (ii) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.  For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.2 by the 
Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith 
or manifest error) be binding on the Bank, the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
the other Paying Agents, the ISD Agent (in the case of ISD Notes) and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Bank, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
3.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 3.2 or 3.3, as the case may be, above, (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes other than where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being Compounded Daily SOFR, in which case the provisions of this Condition 3.4 shall not 
apply), if the Bank determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to that Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 3.4 
shall apply. 
(a) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Bank shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, in accordance with Condition 12, the 
Noteholders of such Successor Rate and that Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 3.4(b)) subsequently be used by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
3.4). 
If there is no Successor Rate but the Bank, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may 
include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then the Bank shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the 
ISD Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders of such 
Alternative Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 3.4(b)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
3.4). 
(b) 
Adjustment Spread 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate, an Adjustment Spread is formally recommended or 
proposed in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, then the Bank shall promptly notify the Fiscal 
Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with 
Condition 12, the Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, shall apply such Adjustment Spread to 
the Successor Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate. 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is formally 
recommended or proposed by any Relevant Nominating Body, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate, the Bank, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with 
an Independent Adviser, determines that there is an Adjustment Spread in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), then the Bank shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 12, 
the Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or 
the ISD Agent, as applicable, shall apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate and 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
If no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, or the Bank so determines that there is no such Adjustment Spread in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets and the Bank further 
determines, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then the 
Adjustment Spread shall be:

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
(i) 
the Adjustment Spread determined by the Bank, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with an Independent 
Adviser, as being the Adjustment Spread recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(ii) 
if there is no such industry standard recognised or acknowledged, such Adjustment 
Spread as the Bank, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and 
following consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines to be appropriate, 
having regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Bank shall promptly notify 
the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as applicable, and, in 
accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Fiscal 
Agent shall apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable).  
(c) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 3.4 and the Bank, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines in its discretion (A) that amendments 
to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Bank and the Fiscal Agent shall, subject to the Bank having to give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, agree to the necessary modifications to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 3.4(c), the 
Bank shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 
3.4, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any 
other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the 
Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Bank, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of 
Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital. 
In addition and notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, no Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment 
to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark 
Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Bank, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the treatment of any relevant Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 3.4(c) shall be notified 
promptly by the Bank to the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or the ISD Agent, as 
applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of such Benchmark Amendments. 
(d) 
Independent Adviser 
In the event the Bank is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any 
determination to be made by the Bank pursuant to this Condition 3.4, the Bank shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.4 shall act in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Bank or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or 
for any advice given to the Bank in connection with any determination made by the Bank 
pursuant to this Condition 3.4 or otherwise in connection with the Notes. 
If the Bank consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is an Alternative Rate 
and/or any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in relation to the quantum of, 
or any formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread and/or whether any 
Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or in relation to the terms of any such 
Benchmark Amendments, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in respect 
thereof shall be conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and 
(in the absence of fraud or wilful default) the Bank shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Noteholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to that matter in 
accordance with any such written determination. 
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Notes (acting in such capacity), 
shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Bank under this Condition 3.4, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 3.2, 3.3, the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless 
and until the Bank has determined the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of this Condition 3.4. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 3.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may in either case be 
positive or negative and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) where the Original Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Bank determines 
in accordance with this Condition 3.4 is used in place of the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes;

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to such specified date; 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued or is prohibited from being used or is no longer 
representative or will no longer be representative, or that its use is subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences or, where such discontinuation, prohibition, 
restrictions or adverse consequences are to apply from a specified date after the 
making of any public statement to such effect, the later of the date of the making of 
such public statement and the date falling six months prior to such specified date; or 
(iv) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as applicable, become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent 
or the Bank to determine any Rate of Interest and/or calculate any Interest Amount 
using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Bank at its own expense; 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Notes (provided that if, following 
one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include 
any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
3.5 
Interest on Inflation Linked Notes 
Each Inflation Linked Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest multiplied by the Index Ratio (as defined in 
Condition 4.8(b) (Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Notes)) below. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date or any 
earlier Interest Payment Date on which the Notes are redeemed in full. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest shall be 
calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest multiplied by the Index Ratio (as 
defined in Condition 4.8(b) (Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Notes)) to: 
(a) 
in the case of Inflation Linked Notes which are represented by a Global Note or Inflation 
Linked which are ISD Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Inflation 
Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Inflation Linked Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined in 
Condition 3.1), and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of an Inflation Linked Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Inflation Linked Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
3.6 
Interest on Inflation Linked Amortising Notes 
Each Inflation Linked Amortising Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period such interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 3.3(d) (Determination of Rate of Interest 
and calculation of Interest Amounts)), and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
3.7 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Fiscal Agent or the ISD Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Bank or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
4.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each 
case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Amortising Notes in definitive form 
(other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be presented for payment together with 
all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be 
deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note, Inflation Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Amortising Note in definitive 
form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
made in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached, Inflation Linked Notes or an Inflation Linked Amortising Note) 
whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that 
such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of 
such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Note. 
4.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable. 
4.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Bank will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Bank to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Bank has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Bank, adverse tax consequences to the Bank. 
4.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open, and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
4.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Bank 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 6. 
4.7 
Payments in respect of ISD Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of ISD Notes will be made to the Noteholders shown in 
the relevant records of the ISD in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time 
to time governing the ISD. 
4.8 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Amortising Notes 
(a) 
If this is an Inflation Linked Amortising Note, the Bank shall, on each relevant Interest Payment 
Date, make a combined payment of principal due under Condition 5.14, interest due under Condition 
3.6 and any indexation amount (together, the Annuity Amount) as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
d
IR
n
-
r)
(l
 - l
r
P
×
×
+
=
where:  
P =  The combined payment of principal, interest and indexation amount of the relevant 
Notes; 
r =       
year];
 
per
 
payments
 
interest
 
of
 
number
 
[insert
c
    
c =  
The Rate of Interest applicable to the relevant Notes; 
d =  
The Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes;  
n =  
[Insert total number of annuity payments on the relevant Notes]; and 
IR = 
The Index Ratio as determined in accordance with subparagraph (b) below 
(b) 
The value of the Index Ratio (Index Ratio or IR) on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be the 
value of the Reference Index (RI) applicable to the relevant Interest Payment Date divided by the 
value of the Base Index (BI) as calculated by the Calculation Agent: 
BI
RI
IR
being
=
 
where: 
Reference Index or RI means: 
(i) 
for the first day of the relevant calendar month, the value of the Consumer Price Index (the 
CPI) for the relevant month as calculated by Statistics Iceland pursuant to the Consumer 
Price Index Act of 1995 (lög um vísitölu neysluverðs nr. 12/1995) and published monthly in 
the Legal Gazette (Lögbirtingarblaðið); 
(ii) 
for each day in the relevant calendar month other than the first day: 
(A) 
if the CPI for the calendar month immediately succeeding the month in which the 
relevant Interest Payment Date falls (the Succeeding Month CPI) has been 
published as at the relevant Interest Payment Date: 
 
(B) 
if the Succeeding Month CPI has not been published as at the relevant Interest 
Payment Date: 
360
)
1(
RI
d
i
t
CPI
+
×
=

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
where: 
RI =  
Reference Index; 
CPIt = 
CPI value for the first day of the relevant calendar month; 
CPIt+1 = 
Succeeding Month CPI; 
d =  
number of days since the first day of the month; and 
i =  
annualised inflation forecast of the Central Bank of Iceland 
and 
Base Index means the value specified in the Final Terms of the relevant Tranche of Notes, being the 
value of the CPI on the relevant date specified in such Final Terms. 
If at any time a new index is substituted for the CPI, as of the calendar month from and including 
that in which such substitution takes effect: 
(i) 
the Reference Index shall be deemed to refer to the new index; and 
(ii) 
the new Base Index shall be the product of the old Base Index prior to the change and the 
new Reference Index immediately following such substitution, divided by the old Reference 
Index immediately prior to such substitution. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Bank at its Final Redemption Amount of 100 per cent. or more of its nominal 
amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note where a Redemption/Payment Basis of 
more than 100 per cent. of the nominal amount has been specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), at 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount per Calculation Amount as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note where a Redemption/Payment Basis of more than 100 per 
cent. of the nominal amount has been specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
5.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 5.5 and, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted 
Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes only, to the provisions of Condition 5.10 below, the Notes 
may be redeemed at the option of the Bank in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note, an Inflation Linked Note nor an Inflation Linked Amortising Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note, an Inflation Linked Note or an Inflation

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Linked Amortising Note), on giving not less than 30 and not more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
either (i) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Bank has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 or (ii) in 
the case of Subordinated Notes only, the Bank would not be entitled to claim a deduction in 
computing its taxation liabilities in any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6) in 
respect of any payment of interest to be made on the Notes on the occasion of the next 
payment due under the Notes (or the amount of such deduction would be materially 
reduced), in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of a Tax Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after (a) (in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the last Tranche of the Notes; or (b) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) the 
Issue Date; and 
(b) 
such obligation, loss of entitlement (or reduction) cannot be avoided by the Bank taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
(each a Tax Event) provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date (i) on which the Bank would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, or 
(ii) on which the Bank would not be entitled to claim such a deduction (or the amount of such 
deduction would be materially reduced) in respect of such payment (as applicable), were a payment 
in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Bank shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Bank so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that a Tax Event has occured. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5.5 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
5.3 
Redemption at the option of the Bank (Issuer Call) 
Subject to, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, the provisions of Condition 5.10 below, if Issuer Call is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Bank may, having given not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed 
(Redeemed Notes) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be 
selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption; (ii) in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) and (iii) in the case of Redeemed Notes which are ISD Notes, in accordance with the 
rules of the ISD. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.   
5.4 
Issuer Residual Call 
Subject to Condition 5.10, if Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. 
or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Bank in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 and 
not more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
5.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5.2 above, Conditions 5.9 below, Condition 5.11 below and Condition 
8 below:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(
)y
AY
1
 
 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Redemption
Early 
+
×
=
 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365)

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
5.6 
Purchases 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5.10 below, the Bank or any Subsidiary of the Bank may at 
any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Bank, surrendered to any Paying 
Agent for cancellation. 
5.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.6 above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent and 
cannot be reissued or resold. 
5.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 5.5(b) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
5.9 
Redemption upon a Capital Event – Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, then upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Bank may, at 
its option, having given not less than 30 days’ nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for such redemption), at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes then outstanding at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Bank shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent, a certificate signed by two Directors of the Bank stating that the Bank is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Bank so to redeem have occurred. 
In these Terms and Conditions, a Capital Event means the determination by the Bank after 
consultation with the FSA that, as a result of a change in Icelandic law or Applicable Banking 
Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on 
or after the Issue Date, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes is 
excluded in whole or in part from inclusion in the Tier 2 capital of the Bank, other than where such 
exclusion is only as a result of any applicable limitation on such capital.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
5.10 
Relevant Regulator Approval  
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Conditions 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.6 and 5.9 
or substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 5.12 is subject to the prior approval of the Relevant 
Regulator (if, and to the extent then required, by the Relevant Regulator). 
Any redemption or purchase of Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, as the case may be, pursuant to Conditions 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.6 and 5.11 or substitution or 
variation pursuant to Condition 5.13 is subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Regulator (if, 
and to the extent then required, by the Relevant Regulator).  
5.11 
Redemption upon a MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes 
This Condition 5.11 applies to Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Bank may, at its option having given 
not less than 30 days’ nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
such redemption), at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then 
outstanding at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Bank shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent, a certificate signed by two Directors of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the Bank so to redeem have occurred.  
In these Conditions, MREL Disqualification Event means the determination by the Bank that, as a 
result of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the date on 
which agreement is reached to issue the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully excluded 
or partially excluded from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to 
meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if 
the Bank or the Group is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement; 
provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be 
caused by (i) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any 
applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, (ii) the Notes being 
purchased by or on behalf of the Bank or (iii) any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible 
liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL 
Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
5.12 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 5.12 applies only to Subordinated Notes.  
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Capital Event, or if required in order to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, subject to the provisions of Condition 5.10, the Bank 
may, at its option and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
having given not less than 30 days’ nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time either

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain, 
or, as appropriate, become, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, provided that such substitution or 
variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Bank to redeem the substituted or varied 
securities.  
In these Conditions, Subordinated Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or 
indirectly by the Bank that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change in the governing law of the Notes under Condition 17 from 
English to Icelandic law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
17, have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of 
the Notes and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation; (ii) have the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation; (iii) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation; (iv) comply with the then current requirements of the FSA 
in relation to Tier 2 capital; (v) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if 
none, the Interest Commencement Date, and (vi) be assigned (or maintain) at least the same 
solicited credit ratings, if any, as were assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation (or, if a solicited credit rating assigned to the Notes was, as 
a result of Condition 17 becoming ineffective or unenforceable, amended prior to such 
substitution or variation, the solicited credit rating that was assigned to the Notes prior to 
such amendment); and  
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation, as selected by the Bank. 
5.13 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 5.13 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event or a MREL Disqualification Event, or if required in order to 
ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, subject to the provisions of Condition 
5.10, the Bank may, at its option and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, having given not less than 30 days’ nor more than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12, at any time 
either substitute all, but not some only, of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying 
Securities or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities 
(as defined below), as the case may be. 
In these Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Bank that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change in the governing law of the Notes under Condition 17 from 
English to Icelandic law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
17, have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of 
the Notes and, subject thereto, they shall (i) include a ranking at least equal to that of the

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; (ii) have the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation; (iii) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation; (iv) comply with the then current requirements in 
relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the 
Applicable MREL Regulations; (v) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date; (vi) be assigned (or maintain) at least the 
same solicited credit ratings, if any, as were assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation (or, if a solicited credit rating assigned to the Notes was, as 
a result of Condition 17 becoming ineffective or unenforceable, amended prior to such 
substitution or variation, the solicited credit rating that was assigned to the Notes prior to 
such amendment); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation, as selected by the Bank; and 
Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Bank 
that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change in the governing law of the Notes under Condition 17 from 
English to Icelandic law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
17, have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of 
the Notes  and, subject thereto, they shall (i) include a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; (ii) have the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation; (iii) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation; (iv) comply with the then current requirements in 
relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the 
Applicable MREL Regulations; (v) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, 
or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date; (vi) be assigned (or maintain) at least the 
same solicited credit ratings, if any, as were assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation (or, if a solicited credit rating assigned to the Notes was, as 
a result of Condition 17 becoming ineffective or unenforceable, amended prior to such 
substitution or variation, the solicited credit rating that was assigned to the Notes prior to 
such amendment); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation, as selected by the Bank. 
5.14 
Calculation of principal payments in respect of Inflation Linked Amortising Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Inflation Linked Amortising Note 
will, subject to Condition 4.8 (Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Notes), be redeemed in one or 
more amounts constituting payments of principal in relation to such Inflation Linked Amortising 
Note, in the relevant Specified Currency on the relevant Interest Payment Dates, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
d
1
n
r)
(1
 1
-
k
r)
(1
r 
A
×
−
+
+
=
where: 
A = 
The amount of each instalment of the relevant Notes; 
r = 
year];
 
per
 
payments
 
interest
 
of
 
number
 
[insert
c
 
c =  
The Rate of Interest applicable to the relevant Notes; 
d =  
The Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes; 
n =  
[Insert total number of [annuity] payments on the relevant Notes]; and 
k = 
The number of payments that have already taken place + 1 (k = 1 for the first 
payment, k = 2 for the second payment, etc.) 
This formula does not link the principal amount calculated to inflation. 
5.15 
Calculation of principal payments in respect of Inflation Linked Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Inflation Linked Note will be 
redeemed in one or more amounts constituting payments of principal in relation to such Inflation 
Linked Note, in the relevant Specified Currency on the relevant Interest Payment Dates, calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
P =  
the Final Redemption Amount per Specified Denomination of each Inflation Linked 
Non-Amortising Note; 
N =  
the Specified Denomination (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) for each 
Inflation Linked Non-Amortising Note; and  
IR =  
the Index Ratio as set out in Condition 4.8(b), above. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Bank will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes 
or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Bank will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case 
may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Iceland; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4.5). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Bank be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes and Coupons for, or on account of, any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Iceland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Fiscal Agent or, in the case of ISD Notes, the ISD Agent, as the case may be, on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12. 
Other than in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and notwithstanding the foregoing, the payment of 
any additional amounts by the Bank pursuant to this Condition 6 shall be limited to such payments in 
respect of payments of interest only and no such payments shall be made in respect of any payments 
of principal. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are 
made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
8.1 
Events of Default relating to Senior Preferred Notes, where applicable  
This Condition 8.1 shall apply only to Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. If any one or more of the following 
events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of five days in 
the case of principal and 10 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if the Bank fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 
days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Bank of notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Financial Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Bank or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default 
(however described); (ii) the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Financial Indebtedness on the due date for payment as extended 
by any originally applicable grace period; (iii) any security given by the Bank or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries for any Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is 
made by the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any 
guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Financial Indebtedness of any other 
person, provided that the aggregate nominal amount of any such Financial Indebtedness of 
the Bank or such Principal Subsidiary in the case of (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above, and/or amount 
of Financial Indebtedness in relation to which such guarantee and/or indemnity of the Bank 
or such Principal Subsidiary has been given in the case of (iv) above, is at least €25,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency); 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
if the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on (in the 
case of the Bank) the whole or a substantial part of its business or (in the case of a Principal 
Subsidiary) the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save in each case for the 
purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, or 
the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is 
unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is 
deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or 
an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, 
in relation to all or substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an 
encumbrance takes possession of all or substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any 
of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied,

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against all or substantially all of the undertaking or 
assets of any of them and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is 
not discharged within 14 days; or 
(g) 
if the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its 
creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a 
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors), 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Bank at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent, declare any Note held by it to 
be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its 
Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
8.2 
Events of Default – Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Senior Preferred 
Notes, where applicable  
(a) 
This Condition 8.2 applies to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes (other than where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms). If: 
(i) 
default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the 
Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of five days in the case 
of principal and ten days in the case of interest; or 
(ii) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation of the Bank 
(except for the purposes of a merger, reconstruction or amalgamation under which 
the continuing entity effectively assumes the entire obligations of the Bank under 
the Notes) or the Bank is otherwise declared insolvent or put into liquidation, in 
each case by a court or agency or supervisory authority in Iceland having 
jurisdiction in respect of the same under the Act on Financial Undertakings, No. 
161/2002 and Act on Bankruptcy, etc. No. 21/1991, 
any holder of a Note may: 
(A) 
(in the case of (i) above) institute proceedings for the Bank to be declared insolvent 
or its liquidation, in each case in Iceland and not elsewhere, and prove or claim in 
the liquidation of the Bank; and/or 
(B) 
(in the case of (ii) above), prove or claim in the liquidation of the Bank, whether in 
Iceland or elsewhere and instituted by the Bank itself or by a third party,  
but (in either case) the holder of such Note may claim payment in respect of the Note only in 
the liquidation of the Bank. 
(b) 
In any of the events or circumstances described in Condition 8.2(a)(ii) above, the holder of 
any Note may, by notice to the Bank, declare such Note to be due and payable, and such 
Note shall accordingly become due and payable at its then Prevailing Principal Amount 
together with accrued interest to the date of payment but subject to such Noteholder only 
being able to claim payment in respect of the Note in the liquidation of the Bank.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
(c) 
The holder of any Note may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Bank as it 
may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the 
Bank under the Notes (other than, without prejudice to Conditions 9.2(a) or 9.2(b) above, 
any obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) provided 
that the Bank shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay 
any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, except with 
the prior approval of the FSA. 
(d) 
No remedy against the Bank, other than as provided in Conditions 9.2(a), 9.2(b) and 9.2(c) 
above shall be available to the Noteholders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in 
respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Bank of any of its obligations or 
undertakings under the Notes. 
8.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Financial Indebtedness means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
borrowed money; 
(b) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or any dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any debenture, bond, 
note or loan stock or other similar instrument (with the exception of any loan stock issued by 
a member of the Group which is cash collateralised); 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in 
accordance with IFRS, be treated as a finance or capital lease; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (otherwise than on a non-recourse basis); 
(f) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial or economic effect of a borrowing and which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, includes any transaction that is required to be classified and accounted 
for as borrowings, for financial reporting purposes in accordance with IFRS; 
(g) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from 
fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative 
transaction, only the marked to market value shall be taken into account); or 
(h) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; 
Group means the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards; and 
Principal Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of the Bank: 
(a) 
whose gross revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Bank and its 
Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated gross 
revenues, or, as the case may be, consolidated total assets, of the Bank and its Subsidiaries 
taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited 
accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, non-consolidated) of such Subsidiary and the 
then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries, provided that in 
the case of a Subsidiary of the Bank acquired after the end of the financial period to which 
the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries relate, the 
reference to the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries for 
the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts for the financial 
period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be 
deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been 
shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as 
deemed appropriate by the Bank; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of 
a Subsidiary of the Bank which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, 
provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a 
Principal Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary 
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the 
Bank and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have 
been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which 
such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the 
provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries relate, generate gross revenues equal 
to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues, or represent (or, in the case 
aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Bank 
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) 
above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Principal Subsidiary) shall upon such 
transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary unless immediately following such 
transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate gross 
revenues equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total gross revenues, or its 
assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets, of the Bank and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated 
as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a 
Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the consolidated 
accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such 
transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which 
such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the 
provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories of the Bank that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Bank is 
or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal 
Subsidiary, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
9. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Bank may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
10. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The initial Paying Agents are set out below.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Bank is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and an ISD Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Bank is incorporated. 
In addition, the Bank shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 4.4.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Bank in 
accordance with Condition 12.  
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Bank and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
11. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date 
for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 7. 
12. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notes other than ISD Notes 
All notices regarding the Notes (other than ISD Notes) will be deemed to be validly given if 
published (a) in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
London, and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu.  It is expected 
that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and 
the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg.  The Bank shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they 
have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and 
the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
(b) 
ISD Notes 
All notices regarding the ISD Notes will be valid if published in a manner which complies 
with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange and/or any other relevant authority on 
which the ISD Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication. Where the Notes are ISD Notes, the Bank can additionally at its own discretion 
obtain information from the ISD on the Notes in order to send notices to each Noteholder 
directly. 
(c) 
Notices given by Noteholders 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Fiscal Agent.  Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be 
given by any holder of a Note to the Fiscal Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
(a) 
Notes other than ISD Notes 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Such a meeting may be convened by the Bank and shall be convened by the Bank if required 
in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including 
modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding.  The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a 
meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority 
consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the 
Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the 
Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any 
meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Bank may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased 
quorum is required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
(b) 
ISD Notes 
The Bank may, in its capacity as ISD Agent, convene meetings of the holders of ISD Notes 
to consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes a 
modification of the ISD Notes. Such a meeting may be convened by the Bank or by the 
holders of not less than 10 per cent. of the Voting ISD Notes. For the purpose of this 
Condition, Voting ISD Notes means the aggregate nominal amount of the total number of 
ISD Notes not redeemed or otherwise deregistered in the ISD, less the ISD Notes owned by 
the Bank, any party who has decisive influence over the Bank or any party over whom the 
Bank has decisive influence. 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least one 
half of the Voting ISD Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing holders of Voting ISD Notes whatever the nominal amount of the ISD Notes so 
held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the ISD Notes (including modifying the date of

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
maturity of the ISD Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling 
the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the ISD Notes or altering 
the currency of payment of the ISD Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting ISD 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting 
ISD Notes. A resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of ISD Notes shall be binding 
on all the holders, whether or not they are present at such meeting. 
The Bank, in its capacity as ISD Agent, may in certain circumstances, without the consent of 
the holders of the ISD Notes, make decisions binding on all holders relating to the 
Conditions which are not in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders 
of the ISD Notes. 
(c) 
General 
Any modification to the Conditions is subject to the prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator (if such permission is then required by the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or 
the Applicable MREL Regulations, as applicable). 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Bank shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
15. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
16.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, except for 
Condition 2, Condition 17 and the ISD Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with Condition 2, Condition 17 or the ISD Notes, which will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Icelandic law. 
16.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 16.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes (other than the ISD Notes) and/or 
the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Bank and any Noteholders or

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts. 
Subject to Condition 16.2(c) below, the District Court of Reykjavik has exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any Dispute arising out of or in connection with the ISD Notes, and 
accordingly each of the Bank and any holders of the ISD Notes in relation to any Dispute 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the District Court of Reykjavik. Legal action taken in 
respect of the ISD Notes under this Condition 16.2(a) may be proceeded with in accordance 
with the Act on Civil Procedure No. 91/1991, chapter 17. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 16.2, the Bank waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
16.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Bank irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its registered office at 
Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Dispute.  The Bank agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
16.4 
Other documents  
The Bank has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to 
those set out above. 
17. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF BAIL-IN AND LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
17.1 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes, or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understandings between any of the parties thereto or between the Bank and any 
Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 17, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes), each Noteholder by its acquisition of the Notes will be deemed to 
acknowledge, accept, and agree, that any liability of the Bank in respect of the Notes may be subject 
to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise may include and result in (without limitation) any of 
the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or any interest on, the 
Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or any interest on, the 
Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in respect of the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Bank or another person, and the

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
In this Condition 17: 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the FSA or any successor authority that has the power to 
implement Bail-in and Loss Absorption Measures with respect to the Bank; and 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers mean any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related powers existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Iceland, including, but not 
limited to, the Act on Recovery and Resolution of Financial Institutions and Investment Firms No. 
70/2020 and the Act on Financial Undertakings No. 161/2002 as well as secondary laws enacted on 
the basis of those Acts, which provides any Relevant Resolution Authority with any such powers in 
respect of the Notes as a result of the implementation in Iceland of, or such laws, regulations, rules 
or requirement otherwise containing provisions analogous to, Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, including as 
amended by Directive 2019/879/EU and as further amended or replaced from time to time. 
17.2 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (including, for these purposes, each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes): (a) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by the 
exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers as they may be exercised without any prior 
notice by the Relevant Resolution Authority of its decision to exercise such powers with respect to 
such Notes and (b) shall be deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, ISD, any accountholder in Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or ISD 
and any other intermediary through which it holds such Notes to take any and all necessary action, if 
required, to implement the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers with respect to such 
Notes as it may be exercised, without any further action or direction on the part of such Noteholder, 
the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent. 
17.3 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Notes, the Bank will provide written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers for the purpose of notifying Noteholders of such occurrence. The Bank will also deliver a 
copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents for information purposes. Any failure 
or delay by the Bank in giving any such notice to or otherwise to so notify the Noteholders will not 
in any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise, invalidate, any such exercise of any Bail-in 
and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes or give 
Noteholders any rights as a result of such failure or delay. 
17.4 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other redemption amount 
of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in respect of the 
Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Bank or another person, as a

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
result of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Bank, nor the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default or constitute 
the occurrence of any event related to the insolvency of the Bank or entitle Noteholders to take any 
action to cause the Bank to be declared bankrupt or for the liquidation of the Bank.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Bank for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit. In addition, where the Notes are stated to be “Green” Notes in “Reasons for 
the Offer” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms and it is stated that the proceeds from the issue of the 
Notes are intended to be used for “green” purposes as described in this “Use of Proceeds” section (Green 
Notes) an amount equal to the net proceeds from each such issue of Green Notes will be used as so 
described. If specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms the net proceeds from the issue of the relevant 
Notes will be used as so specified.   
For any Green Notes, an amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Green Notes will be used to 
finance or refinance Eligible Assets (as defined below and further described in the Bank’s Green Financing 
Framework). 
Eligible Assets are project finance loans, general corporate loans or any equity or own investments in 
tangible or intangible assets which fall in at least one of the Eligible Categories. In the case of general 
corporate loans, at least 90 per cent. of the turnover of the corporation needs to be attributable to Eligible 
Categories and fulfil the respective requirements. 
Eligible Assets will explicitly exclude unfunded and non-performing exposures, as well as loans to 
businesses or projects in the following areas: 
• 
Fossil fuel related energy generation and related infrastructure; 
• 
Environmentally negative resource extraction (such as rare-earth elements, metals or fossil fuels); 
• 
Nuclear and nuclear related technologies; 
• 
Weapons, alcohol, tobacco, gambling, and adult entertainment; 
• 
Deforestation and degradation of forests; 
• 
Operations which practice shark finning or trade in shark fin products; 
• 
Operations which practice drift net fishing or deep sea bottom trawling where prohibited; 
• 
Fishing with the use of explosives or cyanide; and 
• 
Illegal unreported and unregulated fishing, or use of vessels known to have conducted such 
unreported and unregulated fishing. 
Eligible Categories means the categories identified by the Bank in its Green Financing Framework, 
including sustainable fishery/aquaculture, certified forest carbon projects and sustainable forestry, agriculture 
or horticulture, renewable energy projects, equipment, technology and processes towards clean 
transportation, construction of new buildings, operation of existing buildings or renovation of existing 
buildings (with a minimum energy efficiency upgrade), construction, implementation, maintenance and 
operation of facilities, infrastructure or appliances that reduce the use of energy, and technologies, processes 
and associated infrastructure supporting waste prevention, waste reduction, waste recycling as well as 
wastewater management.  
Green Financing Framework means the Green Financing Framework (July 2021) of the Bank published on 
its 
website 
(https://www.arionbanki.is/themes/arionbanki/arionbanki/documents/Frettir/Green%20Financing%20Frame
work%20Arion%20Bank.pdf),  including as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such 
website from time to time, relating to the issuance of Green Financing Instruments.  
Green Financing Instruments include, but are not limited to (covered) bonds (including any Green Notes), 
loans, commercial papers, repurchase agreements and deposits.        
The Bank intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Notes to Eligible Assets 
within one year after the issuance of such Green Notes. The Bank will manage the proceeds of any Green

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
Notes on a portfolio basis and the amount corresponding to the net proceeds of any Green Notes outstanding 
will be used to finance Arion Bank’s green asset pool, as further described in the Green Financing 
Framework. Pending the application of any net proceeds of Green Notes in financing or refinancing the 
relevant Eligible Assets, such proceeds will be applied by the Bank, at its own discretion, towards its 
liquidity portfolio, consisting of cash and/or cash equivalents, and/or other liquid marketable instruments and 
the same exclusion criteria as specified above will apply for these temporary investments. 
The Bank will endeavour, at any point in time, to maintain a green asset pool that is larger than the total net 
proceeds of all Green Financing Instruments outstanding. As at 30 June 2022, the size of the green asset pool 
is ISK 116 billion.  
The Bank has obtained an independent second-party opinion from Cicero to confirm the validity of the 
Green Financing Framework prior to the issuance of its first instrument under the Green Financing 
Framework on 14 July 2021. This independent second-party opinion is published on the Bank’s website at 
https://www.arionbanki.is/themes/arionbanki/arionbanki/documents/Frettir/Cicero%20SPO%20Arion%20Ba
nk%202%20July%202021.pdf.   
In addition, the Bank intends to publish a Green Financing Report for so long as there is any Green 
Financing Instrument outstanding, which will be made available on the Bank’s website at 
www.arionbanki.is/ir at least on an annual basis.     
The Bank also intends to appoint as a verifier to produce, on an annual basis and starting one year after the 
first issuance of a Green Instrument under the Green Financing Framework, a verification report on the 
allocation of the proceeds to Eligible Assets. 
Neither the Green Financing Framework, nor any of the above reports, opinions or contents of any of the 
above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
FINANCIAL MARKETS IN ICELAND 
General 
Towards the end of 2008, Iceland suffered a currency and banking crisis. The Icelandic government was 
forced to step in and take control of the three major Icelandic banks Kaupthing, Landsbanki and Glitnir, all 
of which had been very active in the international financial markets, to shore up confidence in the financial 
sector, protect domestic deposits and maintain the orderly functioning of the payment system. Following 
this, certain assets and liabilities were transferred from the banks into three new entities, including the Bank, 
which have operated as commercial banks from that time. 
Capital Controls 
In response to the financial crisis, the Parliament of Iceland passed Act No. 134/2008 on 28 November 2008 
relating to amendments to the Foreign Exchange Act no. 87/1992, which granted the Icelandic Central Bank 
powers to intervene in the currency-market with the intent of stabilising the foreign exchange rate of 
Icelandic Krona. The Icelandic Central Bank introduced the Capital Controls by implementing Rules No. 
1082/2008, which were amended several times before the Capital Controls were enacted into primary 
legislation with the adoption of Act No. 127/2011, which amended the Foreign Exchange Act. 
The Capital Controls have been gradually removed in recent years and most restrictions on foreign 
exchanges transactions were lifted in March 2017. The Foreign Exchange Act no. 70/2021 entered into force 
25 June 2021. The Act replaced Act no. 87/1992 with subsequent amendments, which provided for a general 
prohibition on outflow of foreign currency from Iceland unless the transaction in question was expressly 
exempted from the prohibition in the Foreign Exchange Act or by decision of the Central Bank of Iceland. 
The Foreign Exchange Act now provides for free movement of capital as a general principle. However, the 
Central Bank of Iceland is afforded a mandate to enact rules restricting inflow of foreign currency, prohibit 
unhedged loans in foreign currency and provide for other restrictions on capital movements in the interest of 
financial stability, subject to approval by the Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs, cf. chapters II and 
III of the act. Moreover, in such circumstances the Central Bank may grant exemptions to the rules subject to 
conditions. 
The establishment of the new banks 
After the Icelandic government took control of Kaupthing, Glitnir and Landsbanki in October 2008, certain 
assets and liabilities were transferred from the banks into new entities, which have now become the Bank, 
Íslandsbanki and Landsbankinn. Following an agreement between the Icelandic government and the 
resolution committee of Kaupthing (the Kaupthing Resolution Committee) in July 2009, the Kaupthing 
Resolution Committee announced that it intended to exercise its option to purchase 87 per cent. of the Bank's 
equity, and a subsequent capital injection took place on 8 January 2010.  
From January 2010 until March 2017, the Bank had two shareholders, Kaupthing, through its subsidiary 
Kaupskil ehf. (Kaupskil), and the National Treasury of Iceland. Following private placements in March 
2017 and in February 2018, the exercise of certain options in September 2017 and in February 2018, the buy-
back of shares in March 2018 and the initial public offering of the shares in the Bank on 31 May 2018 and 
the subsequent listing of the Bank’s shares in Iceland and Sweden in June 2018, the Bank has expanded its 
shareholder base. On 9 July 2019, Kaupskil completed the sale of its remaining shareholding in the Bank and 
no longer holds any shares of the Bank. The National Treasury of Iceland also no longer holds a stake in the 
Bank.  
Following a partial divestiture of the government’s 100% stake in June 2021 and further sale in March 2022, 
Íslandsbanki is approximately 57.5 per cent. owned by private investors (with the government retaining the 
remaining 42.5 per cent. of shares).  In connection with the divestiture, all of Íslandsbanki shares are now

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
listed on Nasdaq Iceland. As at the year ended 31 December 2021, Landsbankinn was 98.20 per cent. state-
owned (with the shares held by Icelandic State Financial Investments on behalf of the National Treasury of 
Iceland), Landsbankinn itself held 1.56 per cent. of the total shares outstanding and other investors held the 
remaining 0.24 per cent. 
The Icelandic financial sector before 2008 
Prior to the collapse of the banking system in Iceland, the financial sector and the legislative environment in 
Iceland had undergone much transition. For example, in connection with the EEA Agreement, Icelandic 
legislation and regulations regarding commercial banks and other financial undertakings and the financial 
market had been adopted to implement various regulations and directives of the EU. 
Before 2000 the Icelandic banking system mostly consisted of three investment banks, four commercial 
banks and 26 savings banks. By 2008, however, the financial market mainly consisted of three major 
international banks (Kaupthing, Glitnir and Landsbanki), while the number of savings banks had been 
reduced to 21. The total assets of the Icelandic banking system amounted to around ISK 9,739 billion at the 
end of December 2007. 
The BRRD in Iceland 
On 2 July 2014, the BRRD entered into force in the EU.  The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a 
credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity so as 
to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising 
the impact of a relevant entity's failure on the economy and financial system. The BRRD was applied by 
Member States from 1 January 2015, except for the general bail-in tool (see below) which was applied from 
1 January 2016.  
Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland are members of the EFTA and Iceland, together with 
Liechtenstein and Norway (the EEA EFTA States) is also a party to the EEA Agreement by which the 
EEA EFTA States participate in the internal market of the EU. The BRRD was incorporated into the EEA 
Agreement on 9 February 2018 with Decision No 21/2018 of the EEA Joint Committee and was fully 
implemented in Iceland on 24 June 2020 by legislation which entered into force on 1 September 2020.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant 
entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – 
which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its 
business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or 
part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its 
repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or 
problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with 
a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with 
another resolution tool only); and (iv) the general bail-in tool. In addition to the general bail-in tool, the 
BRRD further provides for non-viability loss absorption in the case of capital instruments such as the 
Subordinated Notes. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the 
public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must 
be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, 
less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it 
requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
Under the BRRD, resolution authorities must set a minimum level of own funds and other eligible liabilities 
(MREL) for each bank (and/or group) based on criteria including systemic importance. Eligible liabilities 
may be senior or subordinated provided they have a remaining maturity of at least one year and must be able 
to be written-down or converted into equity upon application of the general bail-in tool.  
On 7 June 2019, Directive 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the European Council of 20 May 
2019 (as amended or replaced, the BRRD II) was published, amending, among other things, the BRRD as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. BRRD II 
focuses on the implementation of total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC) into EU legislation and the 
integration of the TLAC requirement with the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(MREL) to avoid duplication. BRRD II was incorporated into the EEA Agreement by EEA Joint Committee 
Decision No 145/2022, which entry into force is pending and due to be implemented into Icelandic law 
following entry into force of that decision. 
Other relevant institutions 
Several domestic securities houses are currently operating in Iceland. However, the operations of these 
securities houses have been greatly limited since the banking collapse, but many of them operate mutual 
funds of various kinds.   
In addition, there are several insurance companies licensed to operate in Iceland. Insurance companies have 
been active in the financial market through their investment activities.   
Pension funds receive payments from employers and employees and are an important source of long term 
finance in the country, including in the residential mortgage market. Membership in a pension fund is 
obligatory for wage earners and self-employed people, in accordance with Act No. 129/1997, on Mandatory 
Pension Insurance and on the Activities of Pension Funds. The pension funds are independent non-
government entities. They invest mainly in domestic bond issues, equity capital and foreign securities and 
are a source of financing for residential and commercial property. Since July 2015, pension funds have been 
granted limited exemptions from Iceland's capital controls allowing, as expanded in January 2016, such 
funds to engage in foreign currency investments within a capped amount. 
The Financial Supervisory Authority, the European System of Financial Supervision, the Icelandic 
Central Bank and the Iceland Stock Exchange 
At the beginning of 1999, the Bank Inspectorate of the Icelandic Central Bank and the Insurance Supervisory 
Authority were merged into a new independent entity, the FSA (www.fme.is). The field of supervision 
covered by the new entity is the whole range of financial institutions as well as insurance companies and 
pension funds. The activities of FSA are primarily governed by Act No. 87/1998, on the Official Supervision 
of Financial Operations, and Act No. 98/1999, on the Payment of Cost Due to the Official Supervision of 
Financial Activities. 
Pursuant to the introduction of the act on the European System of Financial Supervision, with effect from 9 
May 2017, Iceland has incorporated regulation no 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 24 November 2010 establishing the European Banking Authority, amending Decision No 
716/2009/EC and repealing Commission Decision 2009/78/EC; European Union  regulation No 1094/2010 
of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 24 November 2010 establishing the European Insurance 
and Occupational Pensions Authority, amending Decision No 716/2009/EC and repealing Commission 
Decision 2009/79/EC; European Union  regulation No. 1095/2010 of the European Parliament and of the

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
Council dated 24 November 2010 establishing the European Securities and Markets Authority, amending 
Decision No 716/2009/EC and repealing Commission Decision 2009/77/EC and European Union regulation 
No 1092/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 24 November 2010 on European Union 
macro-prudential oversight of the financial system and establishing a European Systemic Risk Board into 
Icelandic law. Hence the EFTA Surveillance Autority in cooperation with the European Banking Authority, 
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority, European Securities and Markets Authority and 
European Systemic Risk Board have been given certain surveillance powers in Iceland as per the 
aforementioned regulations. 
The Icelandic Central Bank (www.sedlabanki.is) is responsible for implementing monetary policy consistent 
with the goal of maintaining price stability. The activities of the Icelandic Central Bank are primarily 
governed by Act No. 92/2019, on The Icelandic Central Bank. The Icelandic Central Bank imposes a reserve 
requirement on all commercial banks and savings banks. The purpose of this requirement is to ensure these 
credit institutions are able to meet fluctuations in their liquidity positions.  The Icelandic Central Bank also 
oversees surveillance of the rules on foreign exchange. See “Capital Controls”). 
Following the adoption of the Act on the Central Bank of Iceland No 92/2019, the FSA merged with the 
Icelandic Central bank in January 2020 to create one supervisory authority for financial markets. The tasks 
carried out by the FSA will now be carried out by a division of the Icelandic Central Bank which shall be 
referred to as the FSA. 
The Iceland Stock Exchange (NASDAQ Iceland) (http://www.nasdaqomxnordic.com/nordic/Nordic.aspx) 
operates under Act No. 115/2021 on Markets in Financial Instruments. In the autumn of 2000, the Iceland 
Stock Exchange joined NOREX, a joint project of the Nordic stock exchanges.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK 
OVERVIEW 
The Bank was established on 18 October 2008 and is incorporated in Reykjavik and domiciled in Iceland. It 
is a public limited company established and operating under Act No. 2/1995 regarding Public Limited 
Companies, under the laws of the Republic of Iceland with ID number 581008-0150 in the Icelandic Register 
of Enterprises. The Bank was initially named New Kaupthing banki hf. and, on 21 November 2009, its name 
was changed to Arion banki hf., with foreign trading name Arion Bank hf. 
The Bank is a leading, privately owned universal relationship bank in Iceland with a differentiated and 
innovative approach. The Bank has established itself as a broad and well-balanced bank that provides 
products and services which meet the needs of Icelandic households and companies. To ensure it is well-
balanced and diversified in its product and services offering and expertise, the Bank has organised itself 
across three dedicated divisions and operates strategic subsidiaries that add valuable products and services to 
the business, such as payment processing and insurance. The Bank’s diversified and balanced approach to its 
business also means that it has a broad revenue base and a balanced and diverse loan portfolio with a 
moderate risk profile. As a result, the Bank enjoys a strong position within domestic financial markets in 
terms of its return on equity, operational efficiency and product and services offering. 
The Bank’s focus is on building and strengthening long-term customer relationships by delivering excellent 
products and services and tailored solutions. Its main customers are corporations and individuals, who seek a 
wide variety of financial solutions and, as a universal relationship bank with a wide product and services 
offering (including a leading digital offering), the Bank seeks to meet those needs whatever they may be. 
While the Bank considers itself to be an Icelandic bank first, it is also increasingly but selectively providing 
financial services outside of Iceland, mainly to companies related to the seafood industry in Europe and 
North America. As the only privately owned major bank in Iceland, the Bank has the freedom to manage its 
business in accordance with this strategy and adapt to the changing needs of its customers. 
The Bank aims to position itself to excel by offering smart and reliable financial solutions which create 
future value for its customers, shareholders and society as a whole. 
The Bank’s main areas of focus to achieve this are to: 
Excel at what we do 
through: 
• 
a solution-oriented and performance-driven culture; 
• 
having outstanding employees in a motivating environment, which is innovative, demanding and 
enjoyable; and 
• 
working with partners who enhance the Bank’s business and diversify its product offering, 
Offer smart solutions 
in the form of: 
• 
diverse and value-added services for discerning customers; 
• 
service and decisions being based on data and analysis; and

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
• 
digital solutions which make the Bank’s services more convenient, 
Create future value 
by: 
• 
seeing things from the Bank’s customers’ perspective and understanding their needs and goals; 
• 
working responsibly, guided by sustainability; and 
• 
being there for the Bank’s customers by providing ingenuity, solutions and financial resources. 
The Bank’s core values (the Cornerstones), which were introduced in 2012 and further amended in 2021, 
are: 
• 
We find solutions. 
• 
We make a difference. 
• 
We say what we mean. 
• 
We get things done. 
The Cornerstones guide the Bank in everything it says and does, particularly in its interaction with its main 
stakeholders: customers, employees, society and investors. 
For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, respectively, the Bank’s net interest income was ISK 
32,063 million and ISK 31,158 million, its net fee and commission income was ISK 14,673 million and ISK 
11,642 million, its operating income was ISK 58,225 million and ISK 50,764 million, and its net earnings 
were ISK 28,615 million and ISK 12,469 million. As of 31 December 2021, the Bank’s total assets were ISK 
1,313,864 million. 
In the six month period ended 30 June 2022, the Bank's net interest income was 19,332 million (compared to 
ISK 15,358 million in the six month period ended 30 June 2021), its operating income was ISK 27,774 
million (compared to ISK 28,101 million in the six month period ended 30 June 2021) and its net earnings 
were ISK 15,530 million (compared to ISK 13,855 million in the six month period ended 30 June 2021). As 
at 30 June 2022, the Bank's total assets were ISK 1,383,361 million. 
The Bank's registered address is Borgartún 19, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland and its telephone number is +354 444 
7000. 
HISTORY 
The Bank’s predecessor, Kaupthing, was the product of a merger in May 2003 of two leading Icelandic 
banks, Kaupthing Bank hf. and Bunadarbanki Islands hf. (the Agricultural Bank of Iceland). The 
Agricultural Bank of Iceland was established in 1929 by a law passed by the Parliament of Iceland and began 
operations in 1930. At the beginning of 1998, the Agricultural Bank of Iceland became a limited liability 
company and was privatised in stages up to the beginning of 2003. Kaupthing hf. was established in 
Reykjavík in 1982, coinciding with the launch of the free capital markets in Iceland. Kaupthing hf. later 
became an investment bank before its merger with the Agricultural Bank of Iceland in 2003. The branch 
network of the Agricultural Bank of Iceland became the backbone of the Bank’s retail branch network.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
2010-2012: Restructuring of the Bank and its customers 
The Bank was established in October 2008 as the entity to which certain assets and liabilities of Kaupthing 
were transferred following the assumption of control of Kaupthing by the FSA. The transfer of these assets 
and liabilities posed a significant challenge. In March 2010, a new Board of Directors was appointed at the 
Annual General Meeting and, in June 2010, the Board of Directors appointed a new CEO. In addition, a 
strategic plan was adopted in October 2010, which aimed to position the Bank as a universal relationship 
bank, providing a range of quality financial products and services and focused on improving the Bank’s 
competitiveness. From 2010 onward, under its new leadership and in accordance with its strategy, the Bank 
has systematically restructured and improved the credit quality of its customer loan portfolio. Immediately 
following the financial crisis in 2008, the Bank emerged from restructuring with a newly valued balance 
sheet, reflecting a loan portfolio transferred from Kaupthing at fair value, which in most cases was a discount 
on the face value of the loans. As a result of the Bank’s restructuring and refinancing efforts, the discounts 
on these legacy loans have been progressively released as the restructuring of the customer loan portfolio 
continued, whether as a result of prepayments, write-offs or otherwise. During this period, the Bank also 
began reducing its number of problem loans, defined as loans more than 90 days past due but not impaired 
and other problem (i.e. individually impaired) loans. The Bank also took an innovative approach to mortgage 
loan products, being the first Icelandic bank to introduce the fixed rate non-CPI-linked mortgage loans, a 
strategy which it supported through selective portfolio acquisitions. 
In January 2012, the Bank acquired the mortgage portfolio managed in a special fund (the Fund) owned by 
the estate of Kaupthing. The Fund had guaranteed the covered bonds issued from 2006 to 2008 by Kaupthing 
to finance its mortgage loans (the Kaupthing Covered Notes) under the covered bond programme 
established by Kaupthing on 30 March 2006. As a part of this acquisition, the Bank was substituted for, and 
assumed all liabilities and obligations (past, present and future, other than Kaupthing’s liabilities and 
obligations relating to withholding tax payments) of, Kaupthing in respect of each of the six series of 
outstanding Kaupthing Covered Notes. The Kaupthing Covered Notes series have all been prepaid, with the 
last remaining series being prepaid in October 2019. 
2013-2014: Streamlining and building of the business 
Following the success of its restructuring efforts, the Bank was in a position to begin building up its 
business. In 2013, the Bank launched its “lean banking initiative” and undertook a number of changes to its 
core banking operations, including the optimisation of its branch network by reducing total branch size and 
focusing on increased self-service opportunities for customers. The Bank also launched its digitalisation 
initiative to further drive efficiency, including the implementation of an extensive CRM system to provide 
better services and increase staff productivity. Digitalisation also allowed the Bank to strengthen its customer 
focus and decentralise credit decisions. 
During this period, the Bank began to build up its Icelandic market leadership in its core products. The 
Corporate & Investment Banking division also established itself as an innovator in the Icelandic capital 
markets through its involvement in three out of five initial public offerings during 2013 and 2014. The Bank 
adopted a first mover approach as exemplified by its early adoption of next generation personal banking 
technology, which led to the Bank becoming a market leader in personal online and mobile banking.  
During this period, the Bank also continued to improve its underlying asset quality and reduce the number of 
problem loans as part of the restructuring process of its customer loan portfolio. 
2015 to present: Strengthening market leadership and harvesting full value potential 
Since 2015, the Bank has been able to focus on growing and improving its business by strengthening its 
presence and leadership in key markets, including capital markets, project financing and asset management. 
The Bank managed all four initial public offerings listed on the Main Market of NASDAQ Iceland in 2015 
and 2016, managed the only listing on NASDAQ Iceland First North in 2017, and provided the project

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
financing for a new five star hotel in Reykjavík, a deal worth USD 110 million. The Bank is also in the 
process of optimising its capital structure and improving its risk-weighted assets profile. It continued with its 
first mover approach in 2015, being the first Icelandic bank to issue a benchmark eurobond since 2008. In its 
business divisions, the Bank has continued to drive commercial excellence in its markets and is actively 
exploring new business opportunities.  
The Bank has also worked to improve its operational efficiency. For example, the Bank has scaled its 
digitalisation initiatives and continues to invest in its IT infrastructure. In addition, the Bank acquired 
Vörður, a universal insurance company, in 2016, which it expects will lead to increased commercial, 
financial and operational synergies between its banking and insurance operations as well as commercial 
opportunities for cross-selling. See “- Strategy”. 
SHAREHOLDERS OF THE BANK 
The Bank’s listing on NASDAQ Iceland and NASDAQ Stockholm took place on 15 June 2018 following an 
initial public offering of 28.7 per cent. of the shares in the Bank, placed mostly with investors in Iceland, the 
United States, the UK, Scandinavia and Continental Europe. It was the first listing of an Icelandic bank on 
the main market in Iceland since 2008. During the year prior to the initial public offering, Icelandic State 
Financial Investments (ISFI) sold its shareholding in the Bank and, accordingly, the Bank became (and 
continues to be) fully privately owned. Following the initial public offering, the Bank had more than 6,000 
shareholders as at 31 December 2018 with Kaupskil being the largest shareholder (and the only shareholder 
with more than a 10 per cent. shareholding) with a 32.67 per cent. shareholding as at that date. 
At the Bank’s annual general meeting on 20 March 2019, the cancellation of 186,000,000 of the Bank’s own 
shares was approved, thereby reducing the issued share capital of the Bank from ISK 2,000,000,000 to ISK 
1,814,000,000 at nominal value. This cancellation of the Bank’s own shares became effective in April 2019. 
Following the cancellation of the 186,000,000 shares, the Bank holds 0.01 per cent. of the issued share 
capital. 
At the Bank’s annual general meeting on 17 March 2020, a proposal was passed to reduce the Bank’s share 
capital by ISK 84,000,000 at nominal value, totalling 84,000,000 shares, by cancelling the Bank’s own 
shares. This reduction has now taken place. The Bank’s share capital has therefore now been reduced from 
ISK 1,814,000,000 to ISK 1,730,000,000 at nominal value, divided into an equal number of shares and with 
one vote attached to each share. 
As of 1 September 2022 there were ten shareholders in the Bank holding more than 2.5 per cent. of the share 
capital, as shown in the table below.  
As of 1 September 2022 
Percentage 
of all 
shares 
Gildi Pension Fund .............................................. 
9.64 
LSR pension Fund ............................................... 
9.60 
Live Pension Fund ............................................... 
9.57 
Stoðir hf.. ............................................................  
5.20 
Stefnir Funds 
3.81 
Birta Pension Fund .............................................  
3.48 
Brú lífeyrissjóður ................................................  
3.27 
Frjálsi Pension Fund ...........................................  
3.17 
Stapi Pension Fund ............................................. . 
2.98 
Íslandsbanki ........................................................  
2.70

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
STRATEGY 
The Bank strives to position itself as a universal relationship bank in Iceland, providing a diverse and well-
balanced range of financial products and services which reflect broadly the composition of the Icelandic 
economy. This allows the Bank to provide tailored and personalised solutions to its customers, particularly 
those who require comprehensive and diverse financial products and services. 
The Board of Directors has adopted a strategic plan for the Bank, the key points of which are summarised 
below. Some of the information contained in this section, including with respect to the strategic plan, 
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See “Presentation of Financial and 
Other Information – Forward-Looking Statements”. 
Build long-term business relationships 
The Bank intends to increase its focus on developing long-term business relationships through regular 
dialogue with customers so as to fully understand their needs and responsive and pro-active development of 
its products and services, which the Bank believes is fundamental to its business. The Bank aims to innovate 
and develop products and services which respond to the changing needs of its customers and to put the 
interests of its customers first in all transactions. For instance, the Bank is increasingly investing in its IT 
division to expand its digital products and services offering to improve its customers’ experience and 
satisfaction when using the Bank’s digital products and services. In order to move credit authority closer to 
its customers, the Bank has also automated a number of credit decisions through its digital projects and 
decentralised certain smaller credit decisions in respect of SMEs, by providing further training to employees 
in branches and giving them sufficient credit authority to make credit decisions locally and in less time. This 
decentralisation has not affected the current structure of the Bank’s credit committees, which will continue to 
assess larger credit cases. 
Increase operational efficiency 
The Bank has recently implemented and expects to implement additional operational efficiency initiatives, 
which are expected to have bottom-line impact, in line with its medium-term target to reduce its cost-to-
income ratio to approximately 50 per cent. (46.3 per cent. for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 44.4 
per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2021). The lean banking initiative aims to implement effective 
processes to help meet customers’ needs by eliminating waste, instability and inflexibility in the Bank’s 
infrastructure with the overall goal of improving customers’ experiences. In addition, the Bank plans to 
increasingly pursue its digitalisation initiatives in several areas, particularly onboarding for private banking 
and capital markets and also focusing on the corporate lending process. These initiatives are expected to 
enhance customer satisfaction and experience, ultimately increasing the value of the Bank’s brand, and to 
have bottom-line effect by reducing salary expenses and increasing customer demand and sales by 
streamlining product and loan delivery. The Bank has also announced cost cutting measures and plans to 
implement operational improvements and streamline its operations through outsourcing of non-core 
functions to reduce overhead and administrative costs. 
Strengthen the core business 
The Bank expects its core banking business (particularly with respect to net interest income, net fee and 
commission income and net insurance income) to benefit in the coming years from underlying market 
growth fuelled by anticipated growth in the Icelandic economy. For instance, the growth of private 
consumption in Iceland is expected to increase opportunities for mortgage lending. The Bank also expects to 
harness this growth to help bolster its leading position across businesses and increase its share in lending to 
SMEs as well as in leasing and insurance businesses. The Bank further anticipates that it will be able to 
capitalise on its broad revenue base to maintain the levels of fee and commission income with potential for 
growth, contributing to a positive outlook for the Bank’s core business development. The Bank also expects 
its cost of risk to decrease in the future through a focus on collateralisation and closer relationships with its

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
customers, allowing the Bank to encourage improved lending practices and early intervention should 
customers face financial difficulties. 
Pursue value creation opportunities 
The Bank plans to improve its competitiveness by pursuing several anticipated value creation opportunities 
in the upcoming years and taking a proactive approach to its business. One such opportunity is for increased 
cooperation across the Bank’s divisions, in particular between the Retail Banking division and Vörður, for 
example through the use of the Bank’s branch network to sell Vörður’s products as a registered insurance 
intermediary. The Bank also intends to pursue additional opportunities in the financial technology space and 
seeks to increase income diversification within the Corporate & Investment Banking division. With 
increased clarity regarding future regulatory capital requirements with the introduction of CRD IV, there is a 
potential for the Bank to optimise its capital structure through distributions of surplus capital to shareholders 
and to reduce its risk-weighted assets as a percentage of total assets.  
These initiatives are expected to tie into the Bank’s overall strategies by enabling the Bank to remain 
balanced and diverse and to meet the changing needs of its customers. 
BUSINESS 
A new organisational structure for the Bank was introduced and came into effect at the end of September 
2019. The number of divisions was reduced and responsibility for various other tasks redistributed with the 
aim of simplifying the Bank’s organisational structure. Following this reorganisation, the Bank comprises 
the following operating segments:  
Retail Banking provides a comprehensive range of products and services, including mortgage loans, savings 
and current accounts, vehicle and equipment financing, factoring, payment cards, pension services, insurance 
and funds, to both individuals and SMEs. The Retail Banking division has a strong focus on digital banking 
solutions, using the online bank and the Arion Bank App as key channels.  
Corporate & Investment Banking services large and medium-sized corporate clients and investors, both in 
Iceland and abroad. The division is divided into Corporate Banking and Corporate Finance. Corporate 
Banking's experienced account managers specialise in key economic sectors such as retail and services, 
seafood, energy and real estate. The division provides a full range of lending products such as guarantees, 
deposit accounts, payment solutions and a variety of value-added digital solutions to meet the needs of the 
Bank's larger corporate clients. The Corporate Banking portfolio includes several larger international 
transactions, partly in syndicates with other Icelandic banks and international banks. Corporate Finance 
works closely with Corporate Banking, providing customers with various financial advisory and capital 
raising services, including M&A and LBO services. Furthermore, Corporate Finance offers financial 
structuring advice, as well as various services on public offerings of securities.  
Markets (which includes Stefnir, an independently operating financial company wholly owned by the Bank) 
provides a full range of asset management products and services to institutional investors, such as pension 
funds and insurance companies, and high net worth individuals.  
Treasury is responsible for the Bank’s liquidity, currency and interest rate management and funding. 
Treasury is responsible for funds' transfer pricing and hedging and pricing of financial products. FX 
brokerage is part of the Treasury unit. Treasury also handles all debt issuance both in the domestic and 
foreign markets and maintaining the Banks credit ratings. 
Vörður is a universal insurance company providing policies for motor vehicles, home protection, property 
and life and health products.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
Subsidiaries includes the subsidiaries Eignarhaldsfélagid Landey ehf. (Landey) which holds the main part of 
the investment property of the Group and the holding companies Eignabjarg ehf., VISA Ísland ehf., BG12 
slhf. and other smaller entities of the Group. The subsidiaries Stakksberg and Sólbjarg are classified as 
disposal groups held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5. 
Landey is the Bank’s wholly owned property development company, which manages assets, such as 
unfinished housing developments and building lots, and maintains and increases the value of these assets. 
Supporting units include the Bank's headquarters which carry out support functions such as the CEO office, 
Risk Management, Finance (excluding Treasury), Customer Experience and IT. The information presented 
relating to the supporting units does not represent an operating segment. A significant proportion of expenses 
from support functions is allocated to operating segments in a separate line in the operating segment 
overview. 
At the beginning of 2019, the proportion of the loan book divided between Corporate & Investment Banking 
and Retail Banking changed. SME loans amounting to approx. ISK 49 billion were transferred from Retail 
Banking to Corporate & Investment Banking. At the same time, 20 employees were transferred between the 
operating segments. As a result of these changes, the figures are not fully comparable with those from 2018. 
The tables below set forth operating income and earnings before tax for each reportable segment and the 
total assets for each reportable segment for the periods and as of the dates indicated.  
 
 
 
Retail banking 
including 
insurance(1) 
Corporate & 
Investment 
banking 
including 
insurance(1)  
Markets 
and 
Stefnir 
Treasury(2) 
Subsidiaries 
excluding 
Stefnir and 
Vörður  
Supporting 
units and 
elimination(3) 
Total 
 
Operating 
income .................
12,163 
12,164 
4,099 
(1,274) 
645 
(23) 
27,774
Earnings before 
tax ........................
5,810 
9,280 
2,033 
(2,330) 
535 
(1,522) 
13,806
Total assets ..........
625,240 
427,885 
91,257 
487,621 
31,630 
(280,272) 
1,383,361
(1) In 2022, the operations of Vörður has been split into individuals and corporates and is presented as such as part of Corporate & Investment 
banking and Retail banking respectively.    
(2) The “Treasury” reportable segment includes internal interest income and internal expense (which are eliminated upon consolidation) as well as 
interest income on the Group's cash, cash equivalents and other liquid assets held as a liquidity buffer. 
(3) “Supporting units and elimination” includes the netting out of intragroup accounts, dividends paid in respect of the Bank’s holdings in listed 
equity and valuation changes. “Headquarters” include overhead and the following support divisions: Risk Management, Finance (excluding 
Treasury), Legal, IT and Operations. 
 
 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
 
Retail 
banking 
Corporate 
& 
Investment 
banking  
Markets 
and Stefnir 
Treasury(1) 
Vörður 
Other 
subsidiaries(2) 
Supporting 
units and 
elimination(3) 
Total 
 
(ISK in millions) 
Operating income .......
20,226 
19,133 
6,937 
6,258 
5,567 
(950) 
1,054 
58,225
Earnings before tax ....
9,371 
16,429 
2,921 
4,316 
2,961 
(1,620) 
(375) 
34,003
Total assets .................
574,849 
372,152 
80,834 
499,348 
34,279 
38,792 
(286,390) 
1,313,864
(1) The “Treasury” reportable segment includes internal interest income and internal expense (which are eliminated upon consolidation) as well as 
interest income on the Group's cash, cash equivalents and other liquid assets held as a liquidity buffer. 
(2) Includes Landey. Valitor is classified as a disposal group held for sale.  
(3) “Supporting units and elimination” includes the netting out of intragroup accounts, dividends paid in respect of the Bank’s holdings in listed 
equity and valuation changes. “Headquarters” include overhead and the following support divisions: Risk Management, Finance (excluding 
Treasury), Legal, IT and Operations.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
 
 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
Retail 
banking 
Corporate 
& 
Investment 
banking  
Markets 
and Stefnir 
Treasury(1) 
Vörður 
Other 
subsidiaries(2) 
Supporting 
units and 
elimination(3) 
Total 
 
(ISK in millions) 
Operating income .......
20,226 
13,538 
5,094 
6,145 
4,869 
600 
292 
50,764
Earnings before tax ....
7,230 
3,173 
1,451 
4,106 
2,399 
4,961 
(3,342) 
19,978
Total assets .................
518,312 
315,731 
79,193 
467,489 
30,233 
42,485 
(280,737) 
1,172,706
 
(1) The “Treasury” reportable segment includes internal interest income and internal expense (which are eliminated upon consolidation) as well as 
interest income on the Group's cash, cash equivalents and other liquid assets held as a liquidity buffer. 
(2) Includes Landey. Valitor is classified as a disposal group held for sale.  
(3) “Supporting units and elimination” includes the netting out of intragroup accounts, dividends paid in respect of the Bank’s holdings in listed 
equity and valuation changes. “Headquarters” include overhead and the following support divisions: Risk Management, Finance (excluding 
Treasury), Legal, IT and Operations. 
RETAIL BANKING DIVISION 
Overview 
The Retail Banking division is a leading and innovative retail bank in Iceland that provides a comprehensive 
range of financial products and services to individuals and SMEs and seeks to build long-lasting and 
profitable relationships with its customers. In the period from 2009 to 2012, the Retail Banking division’s 
key focus was to work with its customers to restructure their debts. However, during 2012, market conditions 
improved and, accordingly, demand for traditional financial products and services increased, which enabled 
the Retail Banking division to switch its focus to providing such products and services. In addition, the 
Retail Banking division continuously strives to differentiate its product and service offerings, for example by 
offering factoring, or asset-based lending, to SMEs in connection with trade finance and launching a new 
unit in 2012, which specialises in financing vehicles and various other types of equipment for personal and 
commercial use. The focus in recent months has been on digital services and improving the internet bank and 
the Arion Bank mobile app. 
Operations and Distribution Capabilities 
The Retail Banking division serves its customers through its branch network and other points of contact, 
such as ATMs, a call centre, internet banking and the Arion Bank app, focusing on customer relationships to 
address different areas with different needs. 
Branches 
In recent years, the focus has been on making the branch network even more efficient and convenient for 
customers. The overall branch experience has been redefined, moving from traditional branches to more 
flexible units by adding new service formats. In the last four years, the Bank has opened a flagship branch in 
the Borgartún financial area, an airport branch in Keflavík airport and a digital branch in Kringlan shopping 
mall. New, flexible micro branch units were opened in new locations in 2019. In addition, the Bank has 
opened self-service areas which are open 24/7, remote bank services with extended opening hours and has 
operated a mobile ATM van.  
This strategy has resulted in a flexible and optimised branch network with stronger individual branches, 
which the Retail Banking division believes are better suited to meet the needs of its customers. To maximise 
operational efficiency, the branch network is divided into five regions, each of which has its own business 
manager.  
Owing to the Bank being an indirect successor of the Agricultural Bank, which was an old agricultural bank 
of Iceland, the Bank’s branches are strategically situated in key tourism areas as well as in agricultural areas. 
Nine of the Bank’s branches are located in major tourist towns or by the main road in Iceland and the Bank

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
was the only bank in the area in 10 locations. The Bank has also launched the only branch at the Keflavík 
international airport. 
The Retail Banking division has trained and certified financial consultants within its larger branches in order 
to improve the level of service to its customers. The financial consultants are knowledgeable in a wide range 
of fields, including banking services, pensions and insurance and other financial instruments. 
Internet Banking, Arion Bank App and ATMs 
The Retail Banking division has continuously endeavoured to be a market leader in digital solutions to 
banking, increasing channel diversification to improve efficiency. Accordingly, the Retail Banking division 
has taken advantage of the major changes in customer behaviour in recent years, as customers have 
transitioned away from branches to internet and mobile banking as the preferred channel, by successfully 
implementing the Arion Bank app in August 2012. Internet banking enables customers to access the majority 
of the most utilised services available at a traditional branch, while the increasingly popular Arion Bank app 
allows customers to keep track of their finances with a single click. In addition, the new generation of ATMs 
enables customers to save time by allowing them to deposit and withdraw cash as well as pay their bills 
without assistance from a cashier. 
The Retail Banking division plans to steadily reduce the volume of low value transactions handled at 
branches by putting greater emphasis on customers’ experience, through the Arion Bank app and other 
digital solutions. By focusing on digitalisation of various processes, the Bank has reduced the internal lead 
time for customer onboarding by approximately 88 per cent. and launched new digital initiatives with respect 
to the mortgage loan application process, credit cards, leasing SME onboarding, mortgage refinancing and 
other services. The public response to these digital initiatives has been very positive, with the majority of 
credit assessments and mortgage applications being performed digitally and payment plans for credit cards, 
overdrafts and other functions are set up almost entirely by using the Arion Bank app. 
Customers 
The Retail Banking division enjoys a loyal and relatively stable customer base in Iceland. The Bank 
measures customer satisfaction on the basis of net promoter scores for its most important customer services. 
Products and Services 
The Retail Banking division offers a comprehensive range of financial products and services, including 
mortgage loans, savings and checking accounts, vehicle and equipment financing, payment cards, pension 
services, insurance and funds. The Retail Banking division also offers factoring, or trade financing, which is 
used by SMEs, both importers and exporters. In particular, the Bank uses factoring in connection with trade 
finance, where inventory financing is linked with the financing of receivables which suits the needs of 
exporters, such as seafood companies. The Bank also offers SME loans in cooperation with the European 
Investment Fund. 
The Retail Banking division’s goal is to provide personalised services to distinct customer segments and 
SME market sectors to meet its customers’ needs. In addition, the Retail Banking division seeks to establish 
multi-product relationships with its customers by offering various financial products and services offered by 
the Bank’s divisions through diversified delivery channels. 
To increase product penetration and increase the number of products per customer, the Retail Banking 
division has also developed more proactive methods with respect to its product and services offering, 
including exploring new opportunities with Vörður’s current customers (e.g. offering the Retail Banking 
division’s mortgage loans), as well as the use of the branch network to sell Vörður’s insurance products as a 
registered insurance intermediary.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
Mortgage Loans 
The Retail Banking division provides a full range of products and services relating to mortgage loans and has 
historically introduced innovative products and services designed for the evolving needs of its customers. 
This has enabled the Retail Banking division to maintain or increase its market share in an increasingly 
competitive market. The Bank was the first to introduce fixed five-year interest rates on non-CPI-linked 
mortgage loans in 2011. The Retail Banking division further strengthened its first mover advantage and 
competitive position in the market by offering mixed CPI-linked and non-CPI-linked mortgage loans, 
allowing customers to select the type of mortgage loan that best suits their risk appetite and ability to repay. 
Recent product developments include a mortgage product designed to temporarily lower the borrower’s debt 
repayments during parental leave and a mortgage product for first-time home buyers with an up to 85 per 
cent. loan-to-value ratio. When mortgage loans are issued, the Retail Banking division strives to improve its 
product and services offering by implementing digitalisation initiatives. 
Customer Deposits 
The Retail Banking division seeks to leverage its base of mortgage loans customers to achieve further growth 
in its market share of customer deposits. The Retail Banking division’s share of individual deposits increased 
from 26.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2020 to 28.8 per cent. as of 31 December 2021 (source: Icelandic 
Central Bank).  
As customers in Iceland are accustomed to keeping deposits with their main bank and because CPI-linked 
deposits of individual customers are generally thought to be less likely to move from bank to bank due to 
regulations which limit the time periods during which such deposits can be withdrawn, there is a relatively 
stable market for deposits from individual customers, with deposits from SME customers being more price 
sensitive. However, the Retail Banking division believes that there is an opportunity to attract deposits from 
customers who have their mortgage loans with the Retail Banking division but deposits with another bank. 
The cooperation of the Retail Banking division with the Markets division has enabled many cross-selling 
opportunities, including combining the product and services offering of the Retail Banking division with 
insurance and pension products. Higher levels of SME activity in Iceland also provide cross-selling 
opportunities for the Retail Banking division. In addition, the Bank believes that its new digital customer 
onboarding platform together with the comprehensive digital offering will become a catalyst for attracting 
new customers to the Retail Banking division.  
Credit Cards 
The Bank offers its customers a selection of payment cards from both Visa and MasterCard. It offers 
standard, gold and platinum, as well as the Bank’s flagship card, the Premium World. Two types of prepaid 
cards are also available: the gift card for Icelandic customers and the currency card for travellers visiting 
Iceland. 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING DIVISION 
Overview 
The Corporate & Investment Banking division is a full-service Icelandic corporate bank and strategic 
advisory, providing a range of financial products, insurance and services to corporate customers across all 
industry sectors through dedicated industry sector teams. The primary focus is to selectively use own capital 
with increased capital market intermediation and multi-product clients. In addition, the Corporate & 
Investment Banking division’s relationship-based model benefits from and provides synergies across the 
Bank’s other divisions, and with other investors if it serves the need of the client.  
Operations and Commercial Capabilities

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
The Corporate & Investment Banking division comprises teams of experienced account managers who 
specialise in specific industry sectors to ensure strong expertise and with a focus on key performance 
indicators. An incentive plan drives sales targets and the division’s management focuses on targets based on 
key performance indicators aligned with the Bank’s strategic goals. The division enjoys a large and solid 
customer base featuring strong and trusted relationships with Icelandic and international investors, which is 
the key component of the division's placement power and transaction capabilities. Leveraging the Bank's 
relative size, strong balance sheet and infrastructure enables the division to support its customers. 
Customers 
The Corporate & Investment Banking division provides products and services to corporate customers in the 
capital area. The loan portfolio is well-diversified across all the main Icelandic industry sectors, similar to 
the Icelandic economy.  
Products and Services 
The Corporate division provides a full range of lending and insurance products, also guarantees, deposit 
accounts, payment solutions, and a variety of value-added digital solutions. Corporate Finance works closely 
with Corporate Banking and provides the clients with financial advisory services, with a key focus on M&A 
advisory, private placements of equity, IPOs and other offerings of securities. 
MARKETS 
The Markets division has offered asset management to clients, with a full range of financial products and 
services to pension funds starting in 1994. The Markets division also offers private banking services to high 
net worth individuals, family offices and legal entities as well as a capital markets service. It has a strong 
relationship with the other divisions of the Bank to fulfil customers’ needs. The Markets division has 
partnerships with three major global asset and fund managers. 
The Markets division comprises the Capital Markets subdivision, the Private Banking subdivision, the 
Institutional Asset Management subdivision and the Pension Funds Administration subdivision. The Markets 
division, including the Stefnir fund management company, had ISK 1,288 billion in assets under 
management as of 30 June 2022.  
Operations and Distribution Capabilities 
Markets generates operating income through interest income and management fees, which are calculated as a 
percentage of assets under management and vary based on product type and other factors. In addition, Stefnir 
generates operating income through performance fees, which are based on the performance of its products 
above a certain benchmark and are reviewed bi-annually in connection with financial reporting. The 
performance fees are not recognised on the Bank’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income until 
either realised or are considered highly likely to be realised.  
Customers 
The customers of the Markets division include institutional investors, corporations, high net worth 
individuals and retail investors. The Private Banking subdivision caters to individual customers. The Capital 
Markets subdivision’s customers include institutional investors, corporations, high net worth individuals, 
retail investors, asset managers and pension funds. The Institutional Asset Management subdivision services 
pension funds, trade unions, insurance companies, government institutions and other institutional investors. 
The Pension Funds Administration subdivision offers full services to pension funds.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
Stefnir caters to both retail and professional customers, with the aim of managing its customers’ assets in the 
best interests of such customers. Stefnir’s dedication to long-term relationships with, and its focus on 
providing tailored solutions to, its customers make Stefnir a preferred partner of institutional customers. 
Products and Services 
Markets offers a comprehensive range of investment products and services. In addition to securities 
brokerage, foreign exchange sales, mutual funds, alternative investment vehicles and pension plan schemes, 
the Markets division offers customised asset allocation strategies and managed accounts designed to meet the 
diverse needs of investors. It also offers funds from other leading global fund management companies. 
Institutional Asset Management Subdivision 
The Institutional Asset Management subdivision has developed a clear investment process and service 
philosophy based on the principles of equality and transparency for institutional investors. Investment 
decisions for individual portfolios of institutional investors are made on a daily basis, investment policy 
statements are reviewed annually and long-term investment goals are reviewed every one to five years.  
Pension Funds Administration Subdivision 
The Pension Funds Administration subdivision offers pension funds full service operations, including 
marketing, sales and services in branches and service centres and extensive resources to meet regulatory 
requirements. The ability to provide special services to pension funds has meant that, with the growth of the 
Icelandic pension system, the asset management operations have experienced comparable growth in their 
assets under management since 2009.  
Private Banking Subdivision 
The Private Banking subdivision seeks to provide highly personal financial services designed for the needs 
of individual customers with a special focus on high net worth individuals in Iceland. The Private Banking 
subdivision relies on a team-based approach to investments and services, working closely with other 
divisions of the Bank, and has good access to local deal flow due to the size of the Markets division. 
Capital Markets Subdivision 
The Capital Markets subdivision provides securities brokerage and foreign exchange sales. The Capital 
Markets subdivision is a market leader in equity brokerage and enjoys a strong position in foreign exchange 
brokerage and bond issuances. In addition, the Capital Markets subdivision has been a leading player in 
restoring the equity markets in Iceland. The Capital Markets subdivision also benefits from strong 
relationships with all major investors in the domestic capital markets. The Capital Markets subdivision 
focuses on providing its growing customer base with a comprehensive range of capital markets services and 
access to expert knowledge.  
Stefnir 
Stefnir manages several funds which fall into the category of Undertakings for Collective Investment in 
Transferable Securities (UCITS), non-UCITS or institutional investor funds with total assets under 
management of ISK 274 billion as of 30 June 2022.  
Stefnir also manages several private equity and real estate funds. Co-investors in the private equity funds 
comprise pension funds, insurance companies and other institutional investors, as well as high net worth 
individuals (based on their business expertise and active role in the proposed investment).

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
Vörður 
On 30 September 2016, the Bank acquired a 100 per cent. shareholding in Vörður, which is classified as a 
subsidiary of the Bank from the day of acquisition. Vörður provides insurance policies for motor vehicles, 
home protection, property and life and health products.  
Prior to the acquisition of Vörður, the Bank operated its insurance business under the name Okkar Life 
Insurance, which was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, founded in 1966 and acquired by Kaupthing in 
2005.  
Subsidiaries and Supporting Units 
Subsidiaries 
In addition to Vörður, the Bank is the parent company of a number of wholly owned and majority owned 
subsidiaries, the most significant of which are described below. 
Asset Holding Companies 
Landey 
Landey, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, is a property development company, which manages 
properties that currently do not generate any revenue but which may do so in the future. Such assets include 
unfinished housing developments, building lots and the rights attached to them. Landey’s objective is to 
maintain and increase the value of its properties through professional development, design and construction 
in collaboration with the planning authorities until a satisfactory price can be obtained for such properties. 
Eignabjarg 
Eignabjarg was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank which was liquidated in 2015. Eignabjarg had been 
responsible for managing and selling shareholdings in companies, which the Bank has acquired through debt 
restructurings or other enforcement procedures. Its function was to maximise the value of the shareholdings 
held, to develop a strategy for each asset and to implement good business practices and good corporate 
governance in the transferred companies. 
In 2018, the Bank established a new entity, also called Eignabjarg ehf., in order to hold the assets of United 
Silicon which the Bank acquired as a result of foreclosing on its collateral. These assets are held in a special 
holding vehicle called Stakksberg ehf., established by the Bank, which is a subsidiary of Eignabjarg ehf. 
Sólbjarg (a subsidiary of Eignabjarg) 
Sólbjarg. is a holding company of the former TravelCo tour operator group which included Terra Nova Sól 
ehf., Heimsferdir ehf. and TravelCo Nordic/Bravo Tours. Sólbjarg completed the sale of Terra Nova Sól ehf. 
in the first quarter of 2020, its 59.4 per cent. share in the Danish operator Bravo Tours 1998 A/S in the fourth 
quarter of 2021 and all operations, together with the brand, and domain, of Heimsferdir ehf. in the second 
quarter of 2022. Following such sale of Hemisferdir ehf., Sólbjarg is a 27.5 per cent. shareholder in 
Ferdaskrifstofa Íslands ehf. 
Supporting Units 
The Bank has four support divisions: 
Finance

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
The Finance division includes treasury, reportable segment, market-making, as well as accounting, analysis 
and facilities and property management. The accounting unit is responsible for the Bank’s financial 
reporting, both internally and to external stakeholders, including the FSA and the Icelandic Central Bank. 
The analysis unit is responsible for short- and long-term budgeting and for benchmarking the Bank with 
comparable financial institutions, both local and international. The treasury unit is responsible for the Bank’s 
long-term funding, in both the domestic and international markets and relationships with credit rating 
agencies. The treasury unit is responsible for the Bank’s liquidity, currency and interest rate management, 
the internal pricing of interest rates and currency and liaison with other financial institutions. Market-making 
is responsible for market making in domestic securities. Facilities and Property Management is responsible 
for managing and investing in the Bank’s premises and is also responsible for managing and selling 
foreclosure assets. 
The Finance division also includes the investor relations officer. The investor relations officer (along with 
the CEO and CFO) is authorised as a spokesperson to communicate with capital markets participants. Other 
responsibilities of the investor relations officer are to provide relevant information about the operation of the 
Bank to the market, including communications required by applicable regulations (e.g. notifications to 
NASDAQ Iceland, NASDAQ Stockholm and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market) and 
other publications to the market. 
Risk Management 
For information on the activities of the Risk Management division, see “Risk Management”.  
Information Technology 
The IT division is responsible for developing, operating and advising on the Bank’s information systems and 
solutions, including internet banking, websites, its internally developed and third party software and its 
hardware, such as data centres, telephone systems, ATMs and personal computers. For additional 
information on the IT division, see “- Information Technology” below. 
Customer Experience 
A new division was created at the Bank in 2021, Customer Experience. The aim of this new division is to 
further enhance customer experience through all the Bank’s service channels, and this change provides a 
platform to advance the Bank’s service offering and customer experience to the next level. 
The marketing department is a part of Customer Experience and is responsible for brand management, 
coordinating marketing initiatives, marketing and tactical plans for products and services and market 
research, such as statistical analysis, focus groups, interviews and surveys. The marketing department is also 
responsible for developing the Bank’s internet banking solutions, websites, online communications and 
electronic distribution channels. 
CEO Office  
The CEO office includes human resources, legal advisory and communications.  
Human resources offers advice and support when recruiting employees, helps develop leadership skills and 
nurtures employees’ abilities. The team includes the Bank’s specialists in lean management. 
The legal advisory department provides legal consultation and services to other departments of the Bank, and 
management bodies, as well as managing legal presentation on behalf of the Bank. 
The communications department handles press releases, internal communications across various divisions of 
the Bank as well as communication with Icelandic stakeholders and media.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
Compliance 
According to Icelandic law, a financial institution is required to establish and maintain a permanent and 
effective compliance function, which operates independently and has the following responsibilities: 
• 
to monitor and, on a regular basis, assess the adequacy and effectiveness of measures and procedures 
put in place to detect and minimise any risk of failure by the financial institution to comply with its 
obligations under the Securities Transactions Act as well as the associated risks; 
• 
to monitor and assess the actions taken to address any deficiencies in the financial institution’s 
compliance with its obligations under the Securities Transactions Act; and 
• 
to advise and assist the relevant persons responsible for carrying out investment services and 
activities to comply with the financial institutions’ obligations under applicable Icelandic law. 
Furthermore, according to FSA, ESMA and EBA guidelines, a financial institution is required to establish a 
compliance function to manage its compliance risk. 
The Bank’s compliance officer coordinates the Bank’s compliance activities.  
The compliance officer works independently and reports directly to the CEO in accordance with FSA, 
ESMA and EBA Guidelines. The compliance officer has monthly meetings with the CEO, during which the 
compliance officer presents a report on activities during the past month and refers certain matters to the 
CEO. The compliance officer also meets the chief risk officer and the internal auditor on a monthly basis. In 
addition, the compliance officer reports to the Board Audit Committee on a quarterly basis and to the Board 
of Directors on an annual basis. 
The compliance officer is also responsible for coordinating and monitoring the Bank’s compliance with 
applicable anti-money laundering and terrorist financing laws, regulations and guidelines, including 
monitoring of compliance with international sanctions, and investigating and reporting suspicious activities 
to appropriate authorities. 
Competition 
As Iceland’s economy continues to recover and demand for new lending and other banking products and 
services increases, the Bank expects to face increased competition from the other large Icelandic banks, 
pension funds and smaller specialised institutions as well as foreign banks seeking to establish operations in 
Iceland. See “Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Bank – The Bank is exposed to competition and expects 
competition will increase”. The Bank expects to compete on the basis of a number of factors, including 
transaction execution, its products and services, its ability to innovate, reputation and price. The main 
competitors of the Bank’s divisions and subsidiaries in the provision of its various products and services are 
set forth below. 
Retail Banking Division 
The main competitors of the Retail Banking division in the deposits market are Landsbankinn and 
Íslandsbanki, both of which are government owned. Savings banks have largely disappeared since the 
financial crisis in 2008, although some smaller savings banks continue to operate in certain regions. 
The Retail Banking division’s strongest competition is in the mortgage loans market, in which the Retail 
Banking division’s main competitors are Landsbankinn and Íslandsbanki. Pension funds are also active and 
have gained market share through aggressive lending rates enabled, in part, by different regulatory 
requirements applicable to them (in particular, they are not subject to the Bank Levy). While the pension 
funds remain active in the mortgage loans market, the Bank expects their new lending to decrease as the ratio

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
of mortgage loans in their portfolios has reached very high levels compared to historical averages, the 
Housing Financing Fund, an independent government institution that grants mortgage loans to individuals, 
municipalities, companies and organisations to finance housing purchases and construction, remains the 
largest player in the mortgage loans market for existing mortgage loans, although it has curtailed its 
origination of new mortgage loans, and its market share is expected to decrease as mortgage loans are 
refinanced or mortgaged properties are sold. 
In addition, there is currently no meaningful foreign bank interest in the Icelandic retail banking market. 
Corporate & Investment Banking Division 
The Corporate & Investment Banking division’s main competitors in the corporate banking market are 
Landsbankinn and Íslandsbanki, with a number of other participants active in the corporate banking market, 
such as pension funds (indirectly through investment in real estate asset-backed securities), public funds (e.g. 
the Housing Financing Fund), foreign lenders and smaller financial institutions (e.g. Kvika banki hf.). 
Pension funds, which compete with a cost structure very different from the cost structure of the banks, have 
also driven competition and increased margin pressure since 2013 as, although they are not direct corporate 
lenders, they provide funding through investment in real estate asset-backed securities. In addition, foreign 
banks increasingly consider entering the Icelandic corporate banking market.  
The main competitors in the investment banking market are Landsbankinn, Íslandsbanki and Kvika, although 
a few smaller boutiques also participate in the market. The investment banking market is characterised by 
intense competition on price and on transaction terms, which results in considerable pressure on margins, 
especially during times when fewer transactions are being concluded. 
Markets 
The asset management industry sector is highly competitive and has only moderate barriers to entry. 
Competition in the asset management industry sector is largely based on investment performance, the level 
of fees, the quality and diversity of products and services, name recognition and reputation, the effectiveness 
of distribution channels and the ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the 
changing needs of investors. The main competitors of the fund management company Stefnir are 
Íslandssjódir (Íslandsbanki) and Landsbréf (Landsbankinn) in addition to smaller fund management 
companies such as GAMMA, Júpiter (Kvika), ALDA (Kvika) and ÍV. 
The Markets division competes with wealth management firms such as VÍB (Íslandsbanki), Landsbankinn, 
Kvika and ÍV. 
Information Technology 
The Bank’s IT division is responsible for developing, operating and advising on its IT and communication 
systems and solutions, including digital banking, internally developed and third party software, and hardware 
such as data centres, telephones, ATMs and personal computers. The reliability of the IT and 
communications systems is a key factor in the Bank’s activities as a financial enterprise.  
The IT division consists of Software Development, IT Operations and the Project Office. Support functions 
focus on information security, quality management, and technical services management. 
The Bank’s IT infrastructure comprises two data centres in two different locations in Iceland, one owned by 
the Bank and the other outsourced by the Bank. Approximately 83 per cent. of the servers are virtual with a 
physical backup placed in a third location. The IT system serves all branches in the Retail Banking division’s 
network.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
The IT division maintains relationships with a wide range of blue chip suppliers, including Microsoft, SAP, 
Swift, Calypso, Reuters and Bloomberg. In addition, the IT division has substantial in-house expertise which 
allows for the development and integration of software internally.  
Digital Banking 
A key aspect of the Bank’s business is customer satisfaction. The Bank is a leading digital bank in Iceland 
and believes that further digitalisation is essential to serving its customers in the future. Therefore, the Bank 
has initiated a strategic digital effort to expand digital access to the Bank’s products and services, automate 
and simplify processes, make informed decisions based on accessible and reliable data, and offer clever and 
creative digital solutions. 
The IT division is focusing on digital initiatives in order to continue to put customers’ needs at the heart of 
the business. With multiple ring-fenced, cross-functional teams working on digital projects, the Bank is now 
at the forefront of technology and innovation. 
The Bank’s new digital onboarding process completely reimagines the customer’s banking experience and 
signifies the first milestone in the Bank becoming a leader in digital banking. The Bank launched its digital 
mortgage service early 2017, which has resulted in increased demand, and decreased manual input and 
repetitive work. Digital credit card services now include new credit cards, credit card bill split, and credit 
card limit adjustments. Other digital credit products include vehicle financing, consumer loans and overdraft 
limit adjustments. The latest addition to the Bank’s digital service offerings is personal finance management 
services to help customers manage their finances every month and on-boarding for businesses. The objective 
of the digitalisation initiatives is to increase customer satisfaction, create new sales channels, and reduce 
costs. 
Another initiative is the eID login, which makes digital banking more accessible for customers. The eID 
login is a national authentication and signature, allowing authentication by internet or mobile phone. In 
addition, the Bank benefits from an enclosed market, which allows for quick adaptation of new digital 
initiatives. The Bank’s digital initiatives have resulted in a steady increase in the number of customers using 
digital channels.  
Regulatory Compliance 
The regulatory landscape is expanding significantly in financial services and a number of regulations 
impacting the financial market such as MiFID II and the Payment Services Directive 2 have had an impact 
on the operations of the Bank. The IT division has launched a number of initiatives in order to close 
regulatory compliance gaps in the Bank’s information systems in an efficient manner, and will launch other 
regulatory initiatives in the near future. 
Security 
Control of information security is an essential tool to achieve the IT division’s objectives. The Bank’s 
Information Security Policy forms the basis of the measures used by the Bank to ensure the security of 
information, data systems and communication systems. Through the implementation of this policy, the Bank 
aims to prevent the inappropriate use of information, to safeguard the secure and uninterrupted transfer of 
electronic data and communications, and to integrate a risk management process into the work processes and 
daily tasks of all employees. 
Legal and regulatory requirements relating to IT, particularly the secrecy of information relating to the 
Bank’s customers, must be observed at all times when IT systems are used. The Bank operates two data 
centres in an active mode to ensure continuous system uptime and to minimise downtime in disaster 
scenarios.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
Legal Proceedings 
Litigation and other legal proceedings are a common occurrence in the banking industry due to the nature of 
the business. Due to the current public sentiment in Iceland, the likelihood of litigation against the Bank has 
increased. The Bank has formal controls and policies for managing legal claims. Once professional advice 
has been obtained and the amount of any possible loss has been reasonably estimated, the Bank takes 
appropriate steps to mitigate any adverse effects which a given claim may have on its financial standing. 
Except as described below, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware) during the 12 months preceding 
the date of this Prospectus, which may have, or have had, a significant effect on the Bank’s and/or the 
Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Contingent Liabilities 
Claim for Alleged Violations of the Competition Act 
With a writ issued in June 2013, Kortathjónustan hf. (Kortathjónustan) claimed damages in the amount of 
up to ISK 1.2 billion plus interest in aggregate from the Bank, Íslandsbanki, Landsbankinn, Borgun hf. and 
Valitor as a result of losses that Kortathjonustan contends the five parties caused by violations of the 
Competition Act. The case was dismissed on procedural grounds rather than the merits by the District Court 
of Reykjavík in March 2017 and confirmed by the Supreme Court on 2 June 2017, citing in particular that 
the plaintiff had not met the requirements related to standing. In September 2017, Kortathjonustan brought 
proceedings against the Bank and the other defendants on the same grounds, this time claiming damages in 
the amount of ISK 922 million plus interest. The case was again dismissed on procedural grounds by the 
District Court of Reykjavík by a ruling in March 2018, which was confirmed by the Court of Appeal 
(Landsréttur) in May 2018. Kortathjónustan tried to appeal the dismissal to the Supreme Court but the court 
dismissed the case as there was no right of complaint.  In November 2018 EC-Clear brought a new lawsuit 
against the same defendants regarding the same matter of dispute, demanding the acknowledgement of 
liability for damages. EC-Clear was the largest shareholder in Kortathjónustan and according to the writ EC-
Clear is now the owner of alleged liability claims against the defendants.  The District Court dismissed the 
case in February 2019, which was confirmed by the Court of Appeal in April 2019. In October 2019, EC-
Clear brought a new lawsuit against the same defendants regarding the same matter of dispute, claiming 
damages in the amount of ISK 922 million plus interest from the same defendants, and demanding the 
acknowledgement of liability for damages. The case was dismissed in December 2019 as EC-Clear did not 
provide any surety for legal expenses. In April 2020 EC-Clear has brought the same matter of dispute against 
the same defendants to the District Court. The case was dismissed by the District Court in November 2020 
and the dismissal was confirmed by the Appeals Court in March 2021. In September 2021 EC-Clear filed a 
new suit before the District Court of Reykjavík. The hearing of grounds for dismissal argued by defendants 
is expected in September 2022. 
Administrative fine from the FSA 
On 17 July 2020, the FSA published its decision to impose an administrative fine on the Bank of ISK 87.7 
million due to the Bank´s alleged breach of obligation to disclose inside information in a timely manner. The 
decision has been published on FSA´s website. The Bank paid the fine but filed a claim in the District Court 
of Reykjavik in October 2020, demanding that FSA´s decision be annulled. A statement by FSA was 
submitted in the case in November 2020 but the principal proceedings in the case have not yet taken place 
before the District Court. 
INVESTMENTS 
The Bank has a small portfolio of debt and equity investments. These instruments are classified either as 
trading assets (being assets which are held by the Bank with a view to generating profit from short-term

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
changes in price) or as assets held at fair value through profit and loss. The Bank’s shares and equity 
instruments include those shareholdings that the Bank has acquired in recent years through debt 
restructurings and other enforcement procedures.  Since 2012, the Bank has made steady progress in the sale 
of companies acquired as a result of these collateral enforcement procedures (see “Description of the Bank – 
Other Divisions and Subsidiaries – Asset Holding Companies”). See note 23 to the 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements for details of the classification of the Bank's investment portfolio as at 31 December 
2021 and 2020. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Transactions with all related parties have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and are in the normal 
course of business. There have been no guarantees provided or received for related party receivables or 
payables during the financial years ended 2021 or 2020. 
See note 40 to the Q2 2022 Interim Financial Statements and note 41 to the 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements for further information in relation to the Bank’s related party transactions. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
The Bank reported net earnings of ISK 8,615 million from continuing operations for the six months ended 30 
June 2022, compared to a net earnings from continuing operations of ISK 13,614 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021. The Bank’s net impairments for the six months ended 30 June 2022 were negative with 
net impairments of ISK 309 million as compared to ISK 1,892 million for the six months ended 30 June 
2021. This was mainly due to a change in the loan book with a higher portion of loans in mortgages instead 
of corporate loans and slightly less pessimistic assumptions in the IFRS models. 
On 1 July 2021, Rapyd, a global Fintech-as-a-Service company, entered into a definitive agreement with the 
Bank to acquire Valitor. The sale of Valitor to Rapyd closed on 1 July 2022. The total consideration was ISK 
14.6 billion, resulting in a profit of ISK 5.6 billion, post cost of sale. The Bank has requested authorisation 
from the FSA to launch a ISK 10 billion share buy-back program following the completion of the 
transaction.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS 
The following table includes certain of the Bank’s key financial indicators for the six month period ended 30 
June 2022 and the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. This information should not be 
considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in the Q2 2022 Interim 
Financial Statements or the Annual Financial Statements (each of which are incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus) and should be read in conjunction with the Q2 2022 Interim Financial Statements and 
the Annual Financial Statements, as applicable. 
 
 
As of and for the six 
month period ended 
As of and for the year ended 
 
30 June 2022 
% 
31 December 2021 
% 
31 December 2020 
% 
Profitability 
 
 
 
Return on equity1………………………... 
16.9 
14.7 
6.5 
Return on assets2………………………… 
2.3 
2.3 
1.1 
Return on risk exposure amount3………… 
3.7 
3.7 
1.7 
Net interest margin 
 
 
 
Net interest margin on interest bearing-
assets4………… 
3.1 
2.8 
2.9 
Net interest margin on total assets5……… 
2.9 
2.6 
2.7 
Efficiency  
 
 
 
Cost-to-income ratio6…………………… 
46.3 
44.4 
48.1 
Cost-to-total assets ratio7………………. 
1.9 
2.1 
2.1 
                                                     
1  
Return on equity is net earnings for the period as a percentage of average total equity (calculated as the average of the opening, quarter-end and 
closing balances for the applicable period). Return on equity is used as an alternative measure of performance of the Bank based on returns generated 
relative to equity and is a measure of the profits generated by the Bank from the equity of its shareholders. The higher this figure, the greater the 
profits of shareholders relative to their equity for the relevant period. 
2  
Return on assets is net earnings for the period as a percentage of average total assets (calculated as the average of the opening, quarter-end and closing 
balances for the applicable period). Return on assets is used as an alternative measure of performance of the Bank based on returns generated relative 
to total assets and is a measure of the profits generated by the Bank from its assets. The higher this figure, the greater the profits from the Bank’s 
assets for the relevant period.  
3  
Return on risk exposure amount is net earnings for the period as a percentage of average risk exposure amount (calculated as the average of the 
opening, quarter-end and closing balances for the applicable period). For the calculation of risk exposure amount see Note 45 of the 2021 Year End 
Financial Statements. Return on risk exposure amount is used as an alternative measure of performance of the Bank based on returns generated 
relative to risk exposure amount and is a measure of the profits generated by the Bank from its risk exposure amount (which is a prudential measure 
by which the assets of the Bank are adjusted to give different weight to certain risk based considerations as a means to assess those assets relative to 
such risks). The higher this figure, the greater the profits from the Bank’s risk exposure amounts for the relevant period, which can then be compared 
to return on assets above to assess the risk based return of the Bank relative to the total asset return. 
4  
Net interest margin on interest bearing assets is interest income on interest bearing assets less interest expense (i.e. net interest income) as a percentage 
of average interest bearing assets (calculated as the average of the opening, quarter-end and closing balances for the applicable period). Net interest 
income was ISK 19,332 million for the six month period ended 30 June 2022, and ISK 32,063 million and ISK 31,158 million for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020, respectively. "Interest bearing assets" means the sum of cash and balances with Central Bank, loans to credit institutions, 
loans to customers and interest bearing financial instruments (which is made up of bonds and debt instruments (ISK 131,664 million as at 30 June 
2022, ISK 151,852 million as at 31 December 2021 and ISK 157,744 million as at 31 December 2020), derivatives (ISK 5,482 million as at 30 June 
2022, ISK 2,905 million as at 31 December 2021 and ISK 7,284 million as at 31 December 2020) and listed bonds and debt instruments used for 
economic hedging (ISK 11,510 million as at 30 June 2022, ISK 14,044 million as at 31 December 2021 and ISK 27,215 million as at 31 December 
2020). See Note 22 to the Q2 2022 Interim Financial Statements and Note 23 of the 2021 Year End Financial Statements). Net interest margin on 
interest bearing assets is used as an alternative measure of performance of the Bank based on the Bank’s net interest margin relative to its interest 
bearing assets and is a measure of the difference in the interest income generated by the Bank’s interest bearing assets and its interest expense by 
reference to the average interest-bearing assets for the relevant period. The higher this figure, the greater the returns from the Bank’s interest bearing 
assets for that period. 
5  
Net interest margin on total assets is net interest income as a percentage of average total assets (calculated as the average of the opening, quarter-end 
and closing balances for the applicable period). Net interest margin on total assets is used as an alternative measure of performance of the Bank based 
on the Bank’s net interest margin relative to its total assets and is a measure of the difference in the interest income generated by the Bank’s total 
assets and its interest expense by reference to the average total assets for the relevant period. The higher this figure, the greater the returns from the 
Bank’s total assets for that period. 
6  
With respect to cost-to-income ratio, "cost" means salaries and related expense and other operating expense. "Income" means operating income. Cost-
to-income ratio is used as an alternative measure of performance of the Bank based on the costs of the Bank relative to income generated and is a 
measure of the Bank’s costs as compared with its income. The lower this figure, the lower the Bank’s costs relative to its income.   
7  
With respect to cost-to-total assets ratio, "cost" means salaries and related expense and other operating expense. "Total assets" means total assets of 
the Bank as set out in the financial statements of the Bank (calculated as the average of the opening, quarter-end and closing balances for the 
applicable period). Cost-to-total assets ratio is used as an alternative measure of performance of the Bank based on the costs of the Bank relative to its 
total assets and is a measure of the Bank’s costs as compared with its total assets. The lower this figure, the lower the Bank’s costs relative to its total 
assets.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
FUNDING AND LIQUIDITY 
Funding 
The Bank is partially funded with domestic deposits. Its total deposit base at 30 June 2022 was ISK 726,948 
million, or 60.6 per cent. of its total liabilities. In addition to deposits, the Bank’s other funding comprises 
Notes issued under this Programme and its Covered Bond Programmes, bills issued and other loans and 
equity. The Bank issues bonds internationally under its EMTN Programme and covered bonds under its 
Covered Bond Programme. In recent years, the Bank has issued public bonds denominated in euro, Swedish 
krona and Norwegian krone and covered bonds denominated in euro and Icelandic krona. 
On 14 July 2021, the Bank issued EUR 300,000,000 0.375 per cent. Green Notes due 2025. In addition on 27 
November 2020 the Bank issued EUR 300,000,000 0.625 per cent. Notes due 2024. Concurrently with the 
issue of these Notes, the Bank repurchased and cancelled €300 million of its outstanding €500,000,000 
1.625% Notes due 2021. On 26 February 2020, the Bank issued U.S.$100,000,000 Fixed Rate Reset 
Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Convertible Notes. 
The Bank is focused on maintaining a large and stable deposit base originated from its clients. Deposits are 
expected to continue to form the core of the Bank's funding in the future. However, there are external factors 
that might affect the Bank's deposit base in the short to medium term, such as the increased availability of 
other investment opportunities for investors who currently hold deposits with the Bank. The Bank intends to 
continue diversifying its funding profile by issuing bonds in the domestic and international bond market 
when conditions permit.  
Liquidity 
On 1 December 2013 new liquidity rules issued by the Icelandic Central Bank took effect, overriding the 
rules on liquidity and cash ratios that have previously been reported by the Group. The new rules are based 
on the liquidity standards introduced in the Basel III Accord which began to be implemented in 2015 on a 
global level. The standard defines the LCR, which is the balance between highly liquid assets and the 
expected net cash outflow of the Group in the next 30 days under stressed conditions. 
The criteria for liquid assets used to meet unexpected outflow is stricter under these new liquidity measures. 
The assets must be non-pledged, liquid and easily priced on the market, repo-able at the Icelandic Central 
Bank and not issued by the Group or its related entities. 
The Icelandic Central Bank has set a guideline for the minimum LCR. The requirement for foreign currency 
is 100 per cent. effective from 1 January 2017. 
The LCR as at 30 June 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 is shown below:  
 
 
As at 
Liquidity coverage ratio 
30 June 
2021 
2020 
FX ......................................................................................................
208% 
607% 
449% 
Total ..................................................................................................
163% 
203% 
188% 
As per the LCR methodology, the Bank’s deposit base is split into different categories depending on 
customer type. A second categorisation is used where term deposits refer to deposits with a residual maturity 
greater than 30 days. Deposits that can be withdrawn within 30 days are marked stable if the customer has a

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
business relationship with the Bank and the amount is covered by the Deposit Insurance Scheme. Other 
deposit funds are considered less stable. A weight is attributed to each category, representing the expected 
outflow under stressed conditions. See note 43 to the Q2 2022 Interim Financial Statements and note 44 to 
the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements for a breakdown of the Group’s deposit base according to the 
LCR categorisation.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Overview 
The Bank seeks to manage its risks through a process of ongoing risk identification, measurement and 
monitoring, using limits and other controls. This process of risk management and the ability to evaluate, 
manage and price the risks encountered is critical to the Bank’s continuing profitability and its ability to 
ensure that the Bank’s exposure to risk remains within acceptable levels. 
The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for the Bank’s risk management framework and ensuring 
that satisfactory risk policies and governance for controlling the Bank’s risk exposure are in place. The 
Board of Directors defines the overall risk appetite of the Bank which is translated into exposure limits and 
targets, which are monitored by the Risk Management division and reported to the CEO and the Board of 
Directors on a regular basis. Risk exposures are measured, monitored and reported according to internal 
policies, principles and processes that are reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors at least annually. 
The Board of Directors is also responsible for the internal capital adequacy assessment process (the ICAAP) 
and internal liquidity adequacy assessment process (ILAAP). The Board of Directors has determined that 
management of risks encountered within subsidiaries should principally be carried out within each 
subsidiary. 
The CEO is responsible for enforcement of the risk management policies established by the Board of 
Directors, sustaining an effective risk management framework, processes and controls as well as maintaining 
a high level of risk awareness among the Bank’s employees. 
The Bank operates the following committees to manage risk: 
• Board Risk Committee, which is responsible for supervising the Bank’s risk management framework, 
risk appetite and ICAAP/ILAAP. The Board Risk Committee regularly reviews reports on the Bank’s 
risk exposures. The Board Risk Committee meets as often as required but at least five times annually.  
• Board Credit Committee (the BCC), which operates under the authority of the Board, and has the 
authority to approve certain material proposals regarding credit risk exposures, including debt 
cancellation, underwriting and investments. The BCC meets as often as required. 
• 
Board Audit Committee (the BAC), which is responsible for supervising accounting procedures, the 
organization and function of the Bank’s internal audit, and the auditing of the annual accounts and the 
Bank’s consolidated accounts. The BAC meets as often as required but at least five times a year. 
• 
Executive Risk Committee (the ERCO), which serves as the main forum for the Bank’s risk 
management governance at an executive level and is responsible for ensuring the appropriate 
implementation of the Bank’s enterprise risk management framework, including approving rules of 
procedures for the Bank’s risk committees. ERCO is responsible for determining the Bank’s credit 
impairments under IFRS9. The ERCO meets quarterly, or as often as required. 
• 
Arion Credit Committee (the ACC), which makes decisions on credit cases within limits set by the 
Board, delegates credit authorities to the business units, and reviews risk reports concerning the credit 
portfolio. 
• 
Arion Composition and Debt Cancellation Committee (the ADC), which deals with applications to 
reach composition with debtors, within limits set by the Board. 
• 
Asset and Liability Committee (the ALCO), which is responsible for managing any asset and liability 
mismatches, liquidity and funding risk, market risk, capital adequacy, and decides on underwriting 
and investment exposures. The ALCO meets as often as required but at least twelve times annually.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
• 
Operational Risk Committee (the ORCO), which is responsible for managing operational risk, 
including information security, financial crimes, regulatory compliance and data management. The 
ORCO meets as often as required but at least twelve times annually. 
• 
Sustainability Committee (the SUCO), which is responsible for reviewing risk assessments of ESG 
factors and climate risk impact and overseeing ESG disclosures as well as the Bank’s Green 
Financing Framework. The SUCO meets every three months, or as often as required. 
The Bank’s internal audit division conducts independent reviews of the Bank’s operations, risk management 
framework, processes, policies and measurements. Internal audits examine both the adequacy and 
completeness of the Bank’s control environment and processes as well as the Bank’s compliance with its 
procedures, internal rules and external regulations. Results of internal audits are discussed with the Bank’s 
management and reported to the Board Risk Committee. 
The Risk Management division is headed by the Chief Risk Officer. It is independent and centralised and 
reports directly to the CEO. The division is divided into three subdivisions: (i) Risk Analysis, which is 
responsible for the quantification of risk on a portfolio level, including risk modelling and reporting; (ii) Risk 
Framework and Monitoring, which facilitates and monitors the management of risk and controls in the first 
line; and (iii) Credit Analysis, which supports the Bank's credit transaction process and participates in credit 
decisions. The Bank's Chief Security Officer, who supervises physical and informational security 
management, and the Bank's Risk Officer for Pension Funds are part of the Risk Management division.  
The Bank is exposed to six major areas of risk: credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, 
compliance risk and sustainability risk. In addition, the Bank manages its capital position with the focus on 
optimising the capital structure in the medium term and maintaining the Group’s capitalisation comfortably 
above the regulatory requirements, including the combined capital buffer requirement and the additional 
capital requirement under Pillar 2, determined through the supervisory review and evaluation process 
(SREP).  
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is managed and controlled by setting limits on the amount of risk the Bank is willing to accept for 
different types of credit and individual counterparties and groups of connected customers and by monitoring 
exposures in relation to such limits. The main sources of credit risk are loans to customers, commitments and 
guarantees, counterparty credit risk and equity risk in the banking book, which arises primarily from 
investment in positions that are not made for short-term trading purposes and from assets repossessed as a 
result of credit recovery, i.e. restructuring or collection. 
The Bank’s credit policy forms the basis for its credit strategy as integrated in the business plan, risk appetite 
towards credit exposure, credit rules and its credit procedures and controls. It contains high level criteria for 
the granting of credit and also outlines roles and responsibilities for further implementation and compliance. 
The emphasis of the credit policy is on keeping a high-quality credit portfolio by maintaining a strict credit 
process and seeking business with financially strong parties with strong collateral and good repayment 
capacity. The risk level of each credit is considered in the pricing decision. 
The Bank’s main asset is its customer loan portfolio. Therefore, managing and analysing the customer loan 
portfolio is of utmost importance. Credit risk management entails diversification of risk, well-informed 
lending decisions, good oversight of the portfolio performance and a clear identification of any sign of 
weaknesses to conduct a timely recovery. 
To ensure well-informed lending decisions, borrowers’ key risk and performance indicators are analysed and 
available for the credit committee. Risk Management participates in all Arion Credit Committee (the ACC) 
meetings as an advisor as well as a monitoring unit. Various controls ensure that a loan is only disbursed 
following a thorough review of all documents and the registration of all relevant information regarding the 
loan and collaterals into the Bank’s IT systems.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
The Bank seeks to limit its total credit risk through diversification of the loan portfolio across industry 
sectors and by limiting large exposures to groups of connected customers. For additional information on the 
Bank’s maximum exposure to credit risk by type of financial instrument and industry sector classification of 
customer, see the note titled “Credit risk” in the Annual Financial Statements. As of 31 December 2021 and 
2020, the Bank’s total on- and off-balance sheet credit risk exposure equalled ISK 1,367,653 million and 
ISK 1,174,710 million, respectively. The major industry sector exposures for total loans to customers as of 
31 December 2021 were (i) individuals (56 per cent. of total loans to customers), (ii) real estate activities and 
construction (13.6 per cent. of total loans to customers) and (iii) fishing industry (8.3 per cent. of total loans 
to customers). 
Underwriting and Credit Approval Process 
As discussed above, the Bank has a tiered structure of credit approval committees. 
The BCC, which acts on behalf of the Board of Directors, is the Bank’s top credit, investment and 
underwriting authority. The ACC, which has granting limits below those of the BCC’s, operates according to 
credit rules set by the ERCO and has the right to delegate authority within its own credit limits as well as 
setting guidelines for the divisions of the Bank. The Bank’s Chief Credit Officer, who reports directly to the 
CEO, manages the Bank’s credit rules and is responsible for ensuring their conformity to the Bank’s credit 
policy and risk appetite. 
For each credit application, the Bank gathers information and evaluates certain elements that serve as a basis 
for the decision, for example the borrower’s profile and financial analysis, evaluation of any proposed 
collateral, the borrower’s credit rating and related parties’ total exposure. The first stage is interaction 
between the borrower and an account manager in the relevant division, followed by the preparation of a 
credit application, which must contain the following minimum information about the borrower: 
• 
the borrower’s request and the account manager’s proposal; 
• 
credit rating (internal rating system); 
• 
financial accounts; 
• 
the borrower’s ability to pay; 
• 
collateral; 
• 
general information about the borrower; and 
• 
the purpose and rationale for the proposal. 
Loan applications submitted to the Bank’s credit committee for approval are analysed by Credit Analysis 
within Risk Management.   Credit Analysis represents Risk Management at all credit committee meetings 
and participates in credit decisions and has the power to veto the ACC’s credit decisions or alternatively to 
escalate to the BCC for final approval. Prior to credit committee meetings, the Chief Credit Officer and 
representatives from Risk Management have the power to withdraw loan applications from the committee’s 
agenda.Credit Analysis is also responsible for the approval of the corporate credit rating performed by 
account managers by challenging the qualitative input and verifying the quality of quantitative information 
used to produce the ratings. 
Decisions of the credit committee are recorded in the minutes of the meeting, which are signed and 
registered. Following the approval of a loan application by the credit committee, the account manager and 
the borrower negotiate the terms and conditions of the loan. The back office in collaboration with the Legal 
division documents the loan in accordance with the approval of the credit committee. When the back office 
receives the signed documents, it disburses the loan.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
Collateral 
The Bank generally requires collateral, but a central element in its assessment of a proposed borrower’s 
creditworthiness is the borrower’s ability to service debt. The main types of collateral obtained by the Bank 
include: 
• 
retail loans to individuals are collateralised by mortgages on residential properties; 
• 
corporate loans are collateralised by real estate, fishing vessels and other fixed and current assets, 
including inventory and trade receivables, cash and securities; and 
• 
derivative exposures are collateralised by cash, treasury notes and bills, asset backed bonds, listed 
equity and funds that consist of eligible securities. 
The Bank collects and stores collateral information, including information on collateral maintenance and 
valuation. In addition to collateral, other important credit risk mitigating techniques are pledges, guarantees 
and master netting agreements. 
Collateral valuation standards and guidelines have been set by the ACC to ensure coordinated collateral 
value assessment. Risk Management reviews the standards and guidelines for appropriateness and examines 
individual cases as needed. 
The collateral value is monitored and additional collateral requested in accordance with the underlying 
agreement. The collateral value is reviewed in line with the adequacy of the allowance for impairment losses. 
Portfolio Credit Quality 
The Bank emphasises monitoring and reporting the quality of its loan portfolio. The credit portfolio quality 
is regularly aggregated and assessed in terms of industry concentration, single name concentration, product 
type and credit rating. 
The Bank uses an internal rating system to rate its customers, companies and individuals. The rating model 
for larger companies bases its rating both on qualitative factors, such as industry sector stability and outlook, 
and quantitative factors, such as their equity and liquidity ratios. The rating models for SMEs and individuals 
are purely statistical models. 
During the repayment phase, Risk Management monitors the credit portfolio. The portfolio is aggregated 
monthly, based on consistent criteria, to analyse the outstanding risk exposures and portfolio credit quality, 
including payments past due, default rates, collateral coverage, and impairment levels. In cooperation with 
the first line, Risk Management analyses loans that have been classified at risk and maintains an independent 
and centralised overview of distressed credit. Based on the analysis, Risk Management manages provisions 
and reviews write-offs, which are approved by ERCO. Monthly credit risk reports are sent to the ACC, the 
ERCO the BRIC and the Board of Directors. 
Impairment and Provisions 
Risk management is in charge of the Bank’s provisioning process. Provisions for impairment are made both 
on a portfolio level and by individual assessment. All exposures to borrowers with loans that are considered 
impaired are moved to risk class 5 (DD rating), with the exception that impairment on prime mortgages to 
individuals do not trigger movement to risk class 5 for other exposures to the borrower, and vice versa. 
On 1 January 2018, the Bank implemented IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, and as part of the implementation, 
the process for provisioning for loss allowance has been split in to three stages. Stage 1 calculates one-year 
expected credit losses. Stage 2 calculates expected lifetime credit losses. Stage 3 calculates expected lifetime 
credit losses for impaired financial assets. Calculation of the loss allowance is performed for all loans, 
facilities and loan commitments carried at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (for these purposes, referred to as “loans”). For further information on the calculation methodology, 
see note 41 in the Q2 2022 Interim Financial Statements.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
Financial assets and financial liabilities – Classification and Measurement 
Loss allowance for Performing Loans 
Stage 1 loss allowance is calculated for all performing loans. Stage 1 assets are subject to one-year expected 
credit losses. The calculation is based on estimates of the borrower’s one year probability of default, loss 
given default and exposure at default. Assets classified as Stage 2 have encountered significant increase in 
credit risk as defined by the Bank and carry expected lifetime credit losses. The calculation is based on 
estimation of the borrower’s lifetime probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default. 
Probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default models for loans are based on the Bank’s 
internal models. 
Individual Assessment 
Loans classified as Stage 3 are impaired when objective evidence demonstrates that a loss event has occurred 
and that the loss event has an impact on the future cash flows of the asset or the asset is 90 days or more past 
due. The level of detail for credit monitoring depends on the size of the exposure, where factors such as 
delinquency by the borrower, forbearance measurements, and the internal credit rating are considered. For 
larger borrowers, interviews with account managers are also conducted. Loans are classified as Stage 3 even 
if the value of collateral prudently covers the outstanding amount. 
Portfolio Assessment 
The provisioning for prime mortgages and other exposures to individuals, where the amount of the exposure 
is within a predetermined and acceptable range, is made on a portfolio basis. The impairment is based on a 
90 days delinquency status and a collateral allocation method where the collateral is usually the tax value of 
the pledged real estate property. For additional information on the Bank’s measurement of impairment, see 
the note titled “Financial assets and financial liabilities” in the Annual Financial Statements. 
Counterparty Credit Risk 
The Bank offers financial derivative instruments to professional investors. The table below sets forth the 
derivative trading products that are currently offered by the Bank to its customers classified according to the 
primary risk factor and type of derivative instrument. 
Primary risk factor 
Swaps 
Forwards 
Options 
Interest rate ....................................... 
X 
 
 
Foreign exchange ............................. 
X 
X 
X 
Securities (equities and bonds) ......... 
 
X 
X 
Commodities .................................... 
 
X 
X 
Valuation changes are made in response to changes in interest rates, exchange rates, security prices and 
commodity prices. 
The Bank sets limits on a customer’s total exposure to control the Bank’s risk associated with derivatives 
trading. These limits are generally specific for each customer and may refer specifically to different 
categories of contract. Generally, collateral is required to cover potential losses on a contract. Should the net-
negative position of the contract fall below a certain level, a call is made for additional collateral. If extra 
collateral is not supplied within a tightly specified deadline, the contract is closed. The margin call process is 
monitored by the Risk Management division. 
Large Exposures 
In accordance with applicable Icelandic regulations, a large exposure is defined as an exposure to a group of 
financially related borrowers, which exceeds 10.0 per cent. of the Group’s Tier 1 capital. The legal 
maximum for individual large exposures is 25.0 per cent. of the Group’s Tier 1 capital, net of eligible 
collateral. As of 30 June 2022, the Bank had two large exposures of ISK 20.2 billion and ISK 19.1 billion,

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
being 11.1 per cent. and 10.5 per cent., respectively of the Group’s Tier 1 capital, net of eligible credit risk 
mitigation. As of 31 December 2021, the Bank had one large exposure, totalling ISK 19.7 billion. 
Market Risk 
Market risk is the current or prospective risk that changes in financial market prices and rates will cause 
fluctuations in the value and cash flows of financial instruments. The risk arises from imbalances in the 
Group’s balance sheet as well as in market making activities and position taking in bonds, equities, 
currencies, derivatives and other commitments that are marked to market. 
The Group monitors market risk and separates its exposures for its trading book and banking book. Market 
risk in the trading book arises from market-making activities and non-strategic derivatives positions arising 
from the Bank’s customers’ investments and risk management needs. Market risk in the banking book arises 
from various mismatches in assets and liabilities, principally in relation to currencies, maturities and interest 
rates. Market risk in the trading and banking books is managed separately by the Treasury division and 
Market Making. 
The Bank’s overall market risk allowance is set by the Board of Directors in the Bank’s risk appetite, and 
through the appropriate framework set up by the CEO, which determines the limit framework for each 
trading desk and sets individual limits. The ALCO is responsible for managing the Bank’s overall market 
risk. The Risk Management division is responsible for measuring and monitoring market risk exposure and 
reporting the exposure, usage and limit breaches. 
The Group’s strategy towards market risk is to seek to limit the risk exposure that arises in its banking book 
as a result of imbalances in the Group’s balance sheet, but accept limited risk in its trading book, in 
accordance with its strategic goals for net profit. 
Risk Management is responsible for monitoring compliance with the limits that have been set in each of the 
trading and banking books. In respect of the trading book, it reviews exposures for potential shortfalls and 
analyses scenarios with traders. Any issues of concern are escalated to the relevant managing directors and 
the Chief Risk Officer. The performance, exposures and relevant risks are summarised and reported daily to 
relevant employees and managing directors and on a regular basis to the Board of Directors. In respect of the 
banking book, market risk exposure is monitored and reported on a monthly basis and measured against the 
risk limits set in terms of the Bank’s risk appetite. 
The elements of the Group’s market risk are presented below. 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate risk arises from the possibility that changes in market rates adversely affect net interest earnings 
and fair value of interest-bearing instruments on the Bank’s balance sheet. The Bank’s operations are subject 
to interest rate risk due to mismatches in the fixing of interest rates between assets and liabilities, resulting in 
a repricing risk for the Bank. The Bank also faces interest basis risk between interest-bearing assets and 
interest-bearing liabilities due to different types of floating-rate indices in different currencies. 
The Bank’s interest rate risk for foreign currencies is limited as foreign denominated assets predominantly 
have short interest fixing periods (i.e. the period during which interest is payable at a fixed rate), and the 
Bank hedges its foreign denominated fixed rate borrowings. For domestic rates, longer interest fixing periods 
are more common.  
For additional information on the Bank’s interest rate risk, see the note titled “Market risk” in the Annual 
Financial Statements. 
Indexation Risk 
A significant part of the Bank’s balance sheet is linked to the Icelandic Consumer Price Index (CPI). Index-
linked loans and borrowings are typically annuities, where the principal and monthly payments change in the

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
same proportion as the CPI. The Bank is exposed to indexation risk as indexed assets exceed indexed 
liabilities. See the note titled “Market risk” in the Annual Financial Statements. 
Currency Risk 
Currency risk is the risk of loss due to adverse movements in foreign exchange rates. The Bank is exposed to 
currency risk through a currency mismatch between its assets and liabilities. Net exposures per currency are 
monitored centrally in the Bank. The Bank seeks to minimize the currency imbalance. 
The table below sets forth the currencies to which the Group had significant exposure as of 30 June 2022. 
The analysis calculates the effect of a 10.0 per cent. movement of each indicated currency rate against 
Icelandic Krona on the Bank’s income statement as a result of the change in fair value of currency sensitive 
non-trading monetary assets and liabilities. A negative amount reflects a potential net reduction in income 
statement or equity, while a positive amount reflects a potential net increase in income statement or equity. 
The table below assumes that all other variables remain constant. 
 
30 June 2022 
-10.0% 
+10.0% 
 
(ISK in millions) 
EUR ..........................................................................................................................................
(389) 
389 
USD ..........................................................................................................................................
109 
(109) 
GBP ..........................................................................................................................................
(3) 
3 
DKK .........................................................................................................................................
46 
(46) 
NOK .........................................................................................................................................
(29) 
29 
Other .........................................................................................................................................
51 
(51) 
___________ 
(1) 
A +10.0 per cent. in the table denotes a depreciation of Icelandic Krona. 
Equity Price Risk 
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair value of equities held as financial instruments and investments in 
associates on the Group’s consolidated balance sheet decreases as the result of changes in the level of equity 
indices and individual stocks. For information on assets seized and held for sale and equity exposures, see 
the notes titled “Financial assets and financial liabilities” and “Other assets” in the Annual Financial 
Statements. 
Derivatives 
Derivatives are a part of the Bank’s customer product offering. The types of derivatives currently offered are 
forward contracts, swaps and options. Eligible underlying market factors are interest rates, foreign exchange 
rates, equities and commodities. Exposure limits, hedging requirements and collateral requirements are 
determined in accordance with the Bank’s risk appetite and monitored by Risk Management on a daily basis. 
The Bank also uses derivatives to reduce market risk on its balance sheet. 
Prepayment Risk 
Prepayment risk is the risk that the Bank will incur a financial loss because its customers and counterparties 
repay, or request repayment of, loans earlier or later than expected, such as with respect to fixed rate 
mortgage loans when interest rates decline. Prepayment risk is mitigated by prepayment fees and the Bank’s 
own prepayment options on its borrowings. 
Liquidity and Funding Risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Group, although solvent, either does not have sufficient financial 
resources available to meet its liabilities when they become due or can secure them only at excessive cost. 
Liquidity risk arises from the inability to manage unplanned decreases in available funding or changes in 
funding sources. The ALCO is responsible for managing liquidity risk within the risk appetite set by the 
Board of Directors, the Treasury division manages the liquidity positions on a day-to-day basis and the Risk 
Analysis subdivision monitors the liquidity risk, with processes and reports regarding the liquidity status

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
reviewed regularly by the executive management. The Treasury division provides the other divisions of the 
Bank with funds for their activities against a charge of internal interest. 
The Bank’s primary source of funding is deposits from individuals, businesses and financial institutions. The 
Bank’s liquidity risk stems from the fact that the average maturity of its loans exceeds the average maturity 
of its deposits. 
The Bank calculates the net stable funding ratio (NSFR), which measures the amount of available stable 
funding (ASF) of the Group against the required stable funding (RSF), as per the definition of the Icelandic 
Central Bank’s Rules No. 750/2021. Under NSFR, funding with maturity greater than one year is considered 
stable. Different weights are applied to funding with shorter maturities depending on the type of funding. In 
general, RSF is determined by applying different weights to the Group’s on- and off-balance sheet items on 
the asset side depending on the level of maturity and liquidity. On the other hand, ASF is calculated by 
applying different weights to the Group’s on- and off-balance sheet items on the liability side depending on 
the level of maturity and/or expected stickiness. The ratio is required to exceed 100 per cent.  
The table below sets forth the Bank’s total NSFR as of the dates indicated. 
 
As of 30 June 
As of 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Total NSFR .....................................................................................................
115% 
121% 
117% 
___________ 
 
The NSFR calculations are based solely on figures for the parent company. The Bank's subsidiaries have a 
negligible impact on the funding ratio. See “Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Bank – The Bank is exposed 
to significant liquidity risk”. 
The Group carries out an ongoing process for the ILAAP, with the aim of ensuring that the Group has in 
place sufficient risk management processes and systems to identify, manage and measure the Group’s 
liquidity. As part of the ILAAP, main liquidity and funding risks are identified and stressed scenarios 
considered to provide senior management and regulators with a better understanding of the Group’s liquidity 
and funding positions. The FSA supervises the Group and reviews the Group’s ILAAP. 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is the risk of direct or indirect loss or damage to the Bank’s reputation resulting from 
inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, from human error or external events that affect the Bank’s 
image and operational earnings.  
Operational risk is inherent in every activity undertaken within the Bank, in outsourced activities and in all 
interactions with external parties. The Bank’s policy is to reduce the frequency and impact of operational 
risk events in a cost-effective manner. The Bank reduces its exposure to operational risk with a selection of 
internal controls and quality management, educated and qualified staff, and awareness of operational risk. 
Each division within the Bank is primarily responsible for taking and managing its own operational risk, 
whereas the ORCO provides a forum for decision making and monitoring of operational risk. Risk 
Management is responsible for developing and maintaining tools for identifying, measuring, monitoring and 
reporting the Bank’s operational risk. The Bank uses the standardised approach for the calculation of capital 
requirements for operational risk. 
Risk Management serves as a partner to senior management and supports and challenges the senior 
management to align the business control environment with the Bank’s strategy by measuring and mitigating 
risk exposure, with the view of contributing to optimal returns for the stakeholders. 
The Bank’s losses due to operational risk are registered in the Bank’s loss database. Loss events are analysed 
to understand the cause of the event and any control failure, and changes to controls are made where 
applicable to reduce the risk of the event recurring. Losses are categorised according to the ORX event 
categories for operational risk.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
Capital Management 
The Bank’s capital ratios are calculated in accordance with the Financial Undertakings Act and Regulation 
No. 233/2017 on prudential requirements, through which CRD IV / CRR II have been adopted. The Bank 
uses the standardised approach to calculate capital requirements for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment, 
market risk and operational risk. 
The Group’s consolidated situation as stipulated in CRR is the Group’s accounting consolidation excluding 
insurance subsidiaries, in particular Vörður.  
The Bank carries out an ongoing process, the ICAAP, with the aim to ensure that the Group has in place 
sufficient risk management processes and systems to identify, manage and measure the Group’s total risk 
exposure. The ICAAP is aimed at identifying and measuring the Group’s risk across all risk types and 
ensuring that the Group has sufficient capital in accordance with its risk profile. The FSA supervises the 
Bank, receives the Group’s internal estimation on the capital adequacy and sets capital requirements for the 
Group as a whole following the SREP. Stress tests constitute an important part of the ICAAP, because they 
demonstrate how the Group’s capital could be affected by sharp macroeconomic changes, downturns in the 
Bank’s core businesses or other major events. 
Capital requirements according to Pillar 1 are based on the sum of risk-weighted assets for credit risk, credit 
valuation adjustment, market risk and operational risk, computed on the basis of capital adequacy rules.  
Banking operations are categorised as either trading book or banking book, and the calculation of risk-
weighted assets is conducted differently for the assets in each book. Banking book exposures, including on-
balance and off-balance sheet items, derivatives and repurchase agreements, give rise to credit risk and risk-
weighted assets are measured by means of a hierarchy of risk weightings classified according to the nature of 
each asset and counterparty, taking into account eligible collateral or guarantees. Trading book risk-weighted 
assets are determined by considering market related risks, such as foreign exchange, interest rate risk and 
equity position risks. Operational risk also gives rise to risk-weighted assets, measured on the basis of the 
Bank’s average operating income over three years. 
To assess the need for additional capital, the Bank uses internal economic capital models. Capital add-ons 
under Pillar 2 are based on risks that are underestimated or not covered in Pillar 1, including single-name 
concentration risk, sector concentration risk, interest rate risk in the banking book, indexation risk, and legal 
risk. The Bank allocates capital to its business units based on the capital requirements assessed under the 
ICAAP and SREP. The risk-adjusted performance of the business units based on the return on allocated 
capital (ROAC) is reported to ALCO. The ALCO conducts capital planning on a quarterly basis, based on 
the Bank’s rolling business plan for each business unit. Capital is allocated both based on current need and 
on the basis of a 12 month forward horizon. 
The table below sets forth the implementation of the capital buffer requirements in accordance with the 
Financial Undertakings Act, as prescribed by the Financial Stability Council and approved by the FSA. The 
FSA has defined the Bank as a systemically important financial institution in Iceland. 
Capital buffer requirement as a percentage of risk-weighted assets 
As of 30 June 2022 
Max 
CCyB 
Capital conservation buffer .............................................. 
2.5 
2.5 
Capital buffer for systemically important institutions ...... 
2.0 
2.0 
Systemic risk buffer .......................................................... 
3.0 
3.0 
Countercyclical risk buffer(1) ............................................ 
- 
2.5 
Combined capital buffer requirement .......................... 
7.5 
10.0 
___________ 
(1) The maximum countercyclical risk buffer which can be applied in Iceland is 2.5 per cent.; however, the FSA is authorised to 
apply a higher countercyclical risk buffer on the basis of a recommendation from the Financial Stability Council. In March 
2020, the countercyclical capital buffer was reduced to 0 per cent. The countercyclical buffer will increase to 2 per cent. on 29 
September 2022.   
The Bank’s Pillar 2R capital add-on, which is the result of ICAAP/SREP, may be comprised of 56.25 per 
cent. CET1 capital, 18.75 per cent. AT1 capital and 25.00 per cent. Tier 2 capital. Steps have been taken to

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
normalise the Bank´s capital structure with issuances of Tier 2 capital in November 2018 and in March 2019 
and an issuance of Additional Tier 1 capital in February 2020.  
The table below sets forth the total regulatory capital requirement, as applied to the Bank on the basis of its 
consolidated exposures, as a percentage of risk-weighted assets as of 30 June 2022.  
Total regulatory capital requirement as a percentage of risk-weighted assets 
CET1 
Tier 1 
Total  
Pillar 1 capital requirement 
 
4.5% 
6.0% 
8.0% 
Pillar 2R capital requirement(1) 
 
2.0% 
2.6% 
3.5% 
Combined buffer requirement(2) 
 
7.2% 
7.2% 
7.2% 
Total regulatory capital requirement  
13.7% 
15.8% 
18.7% 
Available capital 
 
19.4% 
20.9% 
23.1% 
___________ 
(1) SREP result based on the Group’s financial position as of 31 December 2021. The Pillar 2 requirement is 3.5 per cent. of risk-
weighted exposure amount based on the Group's prudential consolidation under CRR, which excludes Vördur tryggingar hf.  
(2) In the combined buffer requirement, the effective countercyclical capital buffer is determined by calculating the weighted 
average of the corresponding buffer levels of each country, the weights being the total risk-weighted exposures for credit risk 
against counterparties residing in those countries. The systemic risk buffer only applies to domestic exposures and is calculated 
using the same weighting method. 
 
Stress Testing 
Overview 
The Bank’s stress testing framework is aligned with the relevant FSA guidelines, which in turn are based on 
the Guidelines on Stress Testing of the European Banking Authority. Stress testing at the Bank focuses on 
sensitivity and scenario analyses. The sensitivity analysis measures the potential impact of a specific single 
risk factor or simple multi-risk factors affecting capital or liquidity. In turn, scenario analysis measures the 
Bank’s resilience to a given scenario, which comprises a set of risk factors that are aligned in an internally 
consistent way, presuppose the simultaneous occurrence of forward-looking events covering a range of risks 
and business areas and aims at revealing the nature of linked risks across the Bank and across time, system-
wide interactions and feedback effects. The stress tests serve as an important management tool for the Bank 
and are incorporated into the review of the Bank’s risk conditions and the Bank’s limits framework, and raise 
risk awareness and improve general understanding of the Bank’s operations. The Board of Directors and 
Board Risk Committee consider the results for strategic, capital and contingency planning.  
The Bank’s business plan is stress tested annually with at least two adverse economic scenarios. One of the 
two stressed scenarios carried out on the business plan is provided by the Central Bank in collaboration with 
the FSA. The Bank’s Chief Economist contributes an economic base case projection as well as stressed 
projections that are used in the Bank’s capital planning and in preparation of the Bank’s five-year business 
plan. The design of the bank-wide internal stress test is challenged and reviewed by the Executive Risk 
Committee and the Board Risk Committee. The impact is estimated on the Bank’s earnings and own funds as 
well as for the Bank’s capital and liquidity ratios and other risk appetite metrics. In addition to the internal 
bank-wide stress test and the Central Bank stress test, the Bank performs both focused ad hoc stress tests and 
regular planned stress tests. The focused stress tests are used to estimate losses for example due to changes in 
regulations. 
The table below sets forth the stress tests which the Bank regularly performs. 
Stress Test 
Frequency 
Description 
Icelandic Central Bank and FSA stress tests....................
Annually 
Stressed scenarios provided by the Icelandic Central 
Bank in collaboration with the FSA 
Internal stress tests on the Bank’s business plan .............
Annually 
Risks and stressed scenarios designed on the basis of 
input from each division, stressed macro-economic 
projections provided by the Research subdivision 
BRRD Recovery Plan ......................................................
Annually 
Profitability, capital, liquidity, risk-weighted exposure 
amount, and operations. Fast-moving and slow-moving. 
ICAAP/ILAAP ................................................................
Annually 
Interest rate risk, value-at-risk on trading book, credit 
risk stress tests 
Focused stress tests .......................................................... Daily/Monthly 
Liquidity and market risk, risk appetite for indirect 
equity positions

--- Page 184 ---
184

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
The Bank's capital policy is to maintain a strong capital base to support business development and to meet 
regulatory capital requirements, even in times of stress.  
Capital requirements according to Pillar 1 are based on the sum of risk-weighted assets (RWA) for credit 
risk, market risk and operational risk, computed using formulas from the EU’s Capital Requirements 
Directive and Regulation (the CRD and CRR).  
• 
The CRD offers different approaches for calculating RWA for these risk types.  
• 
The Bank uses the following approaches for its capital requirement calculations:  
• 
The standardised approach is used to calculate the capital requirements for credit risk; 
• 
The standardised method is used to calculate the capital requirements for market risk; and 
• 
The standardised approach is used for operational risk.  
The transposition of the CRD/ CRR into Icelandic law has taken place in separate amendments. The first 
amendment was introduced on 9 July 2015 by Act No. 57/2015, which amended the Act on Financial 
Undertakings No. 161/2002. This amendment includes the CRD IV provisions on capital buffers and adopts 
a regulation implementing the provisions of the CRR and related technical standards. The second 
amendment was introduced on 21 September 2016 by Act No. 96/2016, which includes the CRD IV 
provisions on capital requirements, supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) and leverage ratios. 
On 6 March 2017 the Ministry Finance and Economic Affairs adopted Regulation No. 233/2017 on 
prudential requirements for financial undertakings, which implements the CRR No. 575/2013/EU, although 
omitting provisions such as the SME supporting factor. The third amendment, which was introduced on 9 
May 2017 by Act No. 23/2017, further amended the Financial Undertakings Act and includes the CRD IV 
provision on whistle blowing. The fourth amendment which was introduced in June 2018 by Act No. 
54/2018, and further amended the Financial Undertakings Act, includes provisions on supervision on a 
consolidated basis, prudential requirements on consolidated basis, supervisory collaboration among 
competent authorities in EU Member States, and rules in respect of large risk exposures. Furthermore, the 
Act No. 54/2018 updates the legal basis for implementing Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, which was to a large extent implemented into 
Icelandic law in March 2017 with Regulation No. 233/2017. In February 2019 a further amendment to the 
Financial Undertakings Act was approved by the Icelandic Parliament, further implementing CRD IV into 
Icelandic law, cf. Act No. 8/2019, amending the Financial Undertakings Act. The Act No. 8/2019 related to 
the number of directorships which may be held simultaneously, as well as further enhancing the duties of 
auditors under the Financial Undertakings Act. In June 2021, an amendment to the Financial Undertakings 
Act was approved by the Icelandic Parliament, further implementing CRD IV to allow for implementation of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/630 (Non-Performing Exposures) and Regulation (EU) 2019/876, often referred 
to as CRR II. On 1 July 2022, the implementation of CRD IV into Icelandic law was concluded, along with 
amendments through CRD V and CRR II. On 1 July 2022, Regulation No. 233/2017 was repealed and the 
EU regulations adopted directly. 
On 22 January 2016, the Financial Stability Council of Iceland published its recommendation to the FSA to 
introduce a 2 per cent. capital buffer for systemically important financial institutions (including the Bank), a 
systemic risk buffer of 3 per cent. and a 1 per cent. countercyclical capital buffer. On 1 March 2016, the FSA 
decided to uphold these recommendations. The countercyclical capital buffer was increased to 2% in three 
steps in the period from 2017 to 2019. In March 2020, the Financial Stability Committee of the Central Bank 
of Iceland announced that the countercyclical capital buffer would, as a result of the economic impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, be reduced to 0 per cent. On 29 September 2021, the Financial Stability Committee 
announced that the countercyclical capital buffer would be reintroduced at 2 per cent. of RWA, effective as 
of 29 September 2022.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
Banking operations are categorised as either trading book or banking book and the calculation of RWA is 
conducted differently for the assets and off-balance sheet items in different books. Banking book exposures, 
including on-balance and off-balance sheet items, derivatives and repurchase agreements, give rise to credit 
risk and RWA are measured by means of a hierarchy of risk weightings classified according to the nature of 
each exposure and counterparty, taking into account eligible collateral or guarantees. Trading book RWA are 
determined by taking into account market related risks such as foreign exchange, interest rate and equity 
position risks. Operational risk also gives rise to risk-weighted assets, measured on the basis of the Bank’s 
average operating income over three years. 
The Bank carries out an ongoing process, the ICAAP, with the aim of ensuring that the Bank has in place 
sufficient risk management processes and systems to identify, manage and measure the Bank's total risk 
exposure. The ICAAP is aimed at identifying and measuring the Bank's risk across all risk types and 
ensuring that the Bank has sufficient capital in accordance with its risk profile. The FSA supervises the 
Bank, reviews the Bank's ICAAP via the SREP and sets capital requirements for the Bank’s consolidated 
exposures as a whole. 
To measure the Pillar 2 capital requirement the Bank uses an internal economic capital model. Pillar 2 is 
based on Pillar 1 calculations, using internal models for credit risk calculations, and takes into consideration 
risks that are not covered under Pillar 1, including credit risk, market position risk, concentration risk, 
interest rate risk in the banking book, indexation risk, reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, business 
risk and political risk.  
Although the Bank uses credit rating models for credit risk monitoring, these models are not used for capital 
adequacy calculations. The Bank intends to recalibrate those models for use in its ICAAP. The Bank has 
implemented methods and tools for operational risk management based on the minimum requirements for the 
standardised approach. The Bank expects to continue refining these tools and methods as part of its internal 
management of operational risk and is using them within its ICAAP. 
Stress tests are an important part of the ICAAP and show how the Bank's capital could be affected by sharp 
macro-economic changes, downturns in the Bank's core business or other major events.  
The Group is subject to capital requirements which are specified by the FSA following a SREP. The Group’s 
own funds exceeded the FSA’s requirements under the SREP in each of the years ended 31 December 2021, 
2020 and 2019. Based on the FSA’s final SREP result delivered in July 2022, the Group’s total regulatory 
capital requirement has been increased from 18.5 per cent. to 18.7 per cent. 
As of 30 June 2022, the Group’s total capital base amounted to ISK 201,889 million (exceeding the FSA’s 
requirements under the SREP), as compared to ISK 193,365 million as of 31 December 2021. The Group’s 
capital adequacy ratio, calculated in accordance with Icelandic requirements, was 23.1 per cent. as of 30 June 
2022 (exceeding the total capital requirement of 18.7 per cent.), as compared to 23.8 per cent. as of 31 
December 2021. 
See note 45 to the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements for details on the Group's RWA calculations as at 
31 December 2021 and as at 31 December 2020 and note 44 to the Q2 2022 Interim Financial Statements for 
details on the Group's RWA calculations as at 30 June 2022.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
MANAGEMENT 
Shareholders’ meetings 
In accordance with Icelandic law and the Bank’s articles of association, the Bank's shareholders in general 
meetings are the supreme authority in the affairs of the Bank. Shareholders have the power to decide upon 
company affairs at shareholders’ meetings and all shareholders are authorised to attend and speak at 
shareholders’ meetings. The Bank's annual general meeting is required to be held before the end of April 
each year.  
Board of Directors 
The Board is the highest authority in the affairs of the Bank between meetings of the shareholders, and one 
of its main duties is to supervise the Bank’s activities. Accordingly, the Board is responsible for the Bank’s 
affairs and for ensuring that its organisation and activities are at all times in correct and good order. The 
Board makes decisions on all unusual or major arrangements which fall outside the daily operations of the 
Bank, though it can also authorise the CEO to make such decisions. The Board is also responsible for 
ensuring that the book-keeping and the handling of the Bank’s funds is sufficiently supervised. The Board 
engages in regular discussions on the manner in which it discharges its duties and where its main areas of 
focus should be. 
The Board’s tasks include, among others: 
• 
confirming the Bank’s strategy and organisational chart, deciding on annual business plans and budgets 
and establishing policies on the internal affairs of the Bank; 
• 
establishing an effective system of internal control and risk management;  
• 
appointing the CEO and the chief internal auditor and determining their salaries and other remuneration; 
• 
confirming the appointment of the compliance officer and the chief risk officer, each of whom reports 
directly to the CEO, and their respective deputies, if applicable; 
• 
assessing the Bank’s capital requirement with respect to risk (ICAAP) and deciding on the Bank’s risk 
appetite on the basis of a recommendation from the Board Risk Committee, the CEO and the chief risk 
officer;  
• 
approving an incentive scheme based on a proposal from the Board Remuneration Committee, if 
applicable; 
• 
proposing a dividends policy at the Annual General Meeting and submitting a proposal on the payment 
of dividends at the Annual General Meeting, if applicable; 
• 
arranging, with the CEO, the preparation of financial statements and signing such financial statements; 
and 
• 
notifying the FSA immediately of any issues which are of crucial importance for the continued operation 
of the Bank. 
The Board is required to annually assess its work, practices and procedures, the Bank’s activities and the 
work of its committees as well as the work of the CEO, the chief internal auditor and other employees, as 
applicable. No later than two months after each Annual General Meeting, it is decided how the performance 
assessment should be performed, including whether an outside party shall be brought in to perform the

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
assessment. The Board is also required to evaluate continuously the performance of the Bank. For these 
purposes, members of the Board meet the executive management on a regular basis. 
The Board is required to meet at least ten times a year. 
Under the Bank’s articles of association, the Board must consist of five to eight members elected by the 
shareholders at the Annual General Meeting for a one year term. In addition, pursuant to the Financial 
Undertakings Act, the Bank is required to appoint a minimum of two, and a maximum of three, alternate 
members to the Board of Directors (the Alternate Directors), who attend a meeting of the Board if a regular 
member resigns or is unable to attend. The Board currently consists of seven members as well as three 
Alternate Directors. Five members of the Board and two Alternate Directors were elected at the last Annual 
General Meeting held on 16 March 2022. At each Annual General Meeting and extraordinary shareholders’ 
meeting where board election is on the agenda, the Bank’s nomination committee has an advisory role 
regarding the election of board members by putting forth a proposal of candidates to serve on the Board and 
make a proposal on their remuneration. 
The Bank's Board comprises the following members: 
Brynjólfur Bjarnason, Chairman  
Born in 1946, Brynjólfur was first elected as a Director at a shareholders’ meeting on 20 November 2014. He 
is not a shareholder of the Bank and is an independent Director. Brynjólfur is the chairman of the Board 
Remuneration Committee and a member of the Board Credit Committee. 
 
Brynjólfur graduated with an MBA from the University of Minnesota in 1973 and a cand. oecon. degree in 
business studies from the University of Iceland in 1971.  
Brynjólfur was managing director of the Enterprise Investment Fund from 2012 to 2014. Between 2007 and 
2010 he was the chief executive officer of Skipti. Brynjólfur was chief executive officer of Síminn from 
2002 to 2007 and chief executive officer of Grandi hf. from 1984 to 2002. Between 1976 and 1983 he was 
managing director of the publisher AB bókaútgáfa. He was also head of the economics department of VSÍ 
from 1973 to 1976. Brynjólfur has broad experience as a director and has served on numerous boards, 
several of which as chairman. Brynjólfur is an Alternate on the Board of Fergusson ehf. and a board member 
of Marinvest ehf. og ISAL hf. 
Gunnar Sturlusson 
Gunnar was born in 1967. He was first elected as a Director at a shareholders’ meeting on 9 August 2019. He 
is not a shareholder in the Bank and is an independent Director. Gunnar is a member of the Board Credit 
Committee and the Board Audit Committee, which he temporarily chairs. 
Gunnar graduated as Cand. Jur from the University of Iceland in 1992, an LL.M. degree in Law from the 
University in Amsterdam in 1995 and received a license to practice for the District Court in Iceland in 1993 
and for the Supreme Court in 1999. 
Gunnar practiced law at a Málflutningsskrifstofan, law office, in 1992-1999 and became partner in 1995. In 
2000, his law firm merged with Aðalsteinsson & Partners in 2000 under the name LOGOS legal services. 
Gunnar was managing partner of LOGOS from 2001-2013 and continues to serve as a partner. He lectured in 
competition law from 1995-2007 at the University of Iceland Faculty of Law and has held various 
directorships, among them, Board of Directors at Gamma hf. from 2017-2019, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of the Icelandic National Broadcasting Service (RÚV) 2016-2017, Director at the Nordic 
Arbitration Center, President of the International Federation of Icelandic Horse Associations, Chairman of 
the Board of Directors of the Icelandic Dance Company 2013-2016 and was voted by the Icelandic 
Parliament to serve on the National Electoral Commission in 2013-2017.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
Liv Fiksdahl 
Liv was born in 1965. She was first elected as a Director at the Bank’s Annual General Meeting on 20 March 
2019. She is not a shareholder in the Bank and is an independent Director. Liv is a member of the Board 
Remuneration Committee. 
Liv graduated in Finance and Management from Trondheim Business School (today NTNU) in 1986. In 
2018, Liv completed programs at Stanford University in Big Data, strategic decisions and analysis, and the 
Innovative Technology Leader. She has also completed an Advanced Management Program for executives in 
management, innovation and technology at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
Liv is a Vice President (associated) within Financial Services at Capgemini Invent, Norway. Liv has 
longstanding experience at DNB where she has held various senior roles over the years. She has been part of 
the Executive Management Team for 10 years, and the most recent role was as the Group EVP, CIO/COO, 
for IT & Operations. Liv has a broad experience from DNB, and had different positions across the value-
chain within the bank. Before DNB she had Key Account roles for the corporate clients within Danske 
Bank/Fokus Bank, and Svenska Handelsbanken. Liv has served on numerous boards, including BankAxept, 
Sparebankforeningen, Doorstep, Finans Norge and Trondheim Kommune Bystyret. 
Liv is currently a board member of Scandinavian Airlines SAS AB, Posten Norge AS and Nille AS. 
Paul Richard Horner 
Paul was born in 1962. He is not a shareholder in the Bank and is an independent candidate. Paul is 
Chairman of the Board Risk Committee and a member of the Board Credit Committee. 
Paul graduated with M.A. Honours in music from the University of Oxford in 1983 and is an associate of the 
UK Chartered Institute of Bankers. 
Paul has extensive experience of Risk and General Management in Retail, Commercial, Investment and 
Private Banking, gained across various International markets. 
Paul held various Executive and Risk Management roles at Barclays PLC between 1988 and 2003. In 2003, 
Paul joined The Royal Bank of Scotland Group and served as an Executive and Senior Manager of Royal 
Bank of Scotland PLC and was appointed to various senior Risk and General Management Roles until June 
2019. 
In 2012 to 2017, Paul was the Chief Risk Officer of Coutts & Co Ltd. and CEO of Coutts & Co Ltd, Zurich, 
in 2016-2017. In 2018 Paul was a Director of Risk at Ulster Bank DAC, Dublin, and is presently a Non-
Executive Director at Coutts & Co Ltd. in Zurich. Paul also serves as on the board of AIB Group P.L.C and 
is a member of the AIB audit committee, operational resilience committee and is chairs the risk committee. 
Steinunn Kristín Thórdardóttir, Director 
Steinunn was born in 1972. She was first elected to the Board of Directors at a shareholders’ meeting on 30 
November 2017. She is not a shareholder of the Bank and is an independent Director. Steinunn is the 
chairman of the Board Credit Committee and a member of the Board Risk Committee. 
Steinunn has a master’s degree in international management from Thunderbird, Arizona and a BA in 
international business and politics from University of South Carolina.  
Steinunn was partner and CEO of Beringer Finance Norway in 2015-2016 and interim CEO of Beringer 
Finance in Iceland and global head of food and seafood until 2017. In 2010 she founded Akton AS, a 
management consulting company in Norway where she worked as a managing director until 2015. Steinunn

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
worked at Íslandsbanki (later Glitnir) in Iceland from 2001 until 2005 when she became the managing 
director and head of the bank’s UK operations and remained there until 2008. Before that Steinunn worked at 
Enron Corporation from 1999 to 2001. Steinunn was a board member of Silver Green AS and Silver Green 
TC AS in Norway from 2011 to 2013, Versobank AS in Estonia from 2012 to 2013, board member of the 
Icelandic State Financial Investment (ISFI) from March 2011 to October 2011 and alternate board member at 
Kredittbanken, later Glitnir Norway, from 2005 to 2008. Steinunn is a member of Exedra, a discussion forum 
for women in leadership in various sectors, as well as a board member of Cloud Insurance AS, an insurance 
tech company that provides solutions to traditional insurance companies, Acton Capital AS and Akton AS 
and a board member of the British-Icelandic Chamber of Commerce and vice chairman of the Norwegian-
Icelandic Chamber of Commerce.  
Conflicts of Interest 
According to the Rules of Procedure for the Board, a director is not permitted to attend Board meetings or 
participate in the discussion or the decision-making process if any conflicts of interest arise concerning that 
particular director. 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Board listed above to the Bank 
and their private interests or other duties.  The address of each member of the Board is Borgartún 19, 105 
Reykjavík, Iceland. 
Alternate Directors 
In the event that a Director resigns or is unable to attend a meeting of the Board, an alternate director attends 
such meeting. The Board’s alternate directors are as follows: 
Sigurbjörg Ásta Jónsdóttir, lawyer; and 
Þröstur Ríkharðsson, Attorney at Law. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the Board’s alternate directors listed above to the 
Bank and their private interests or other duties.  The address of each of the Board’s alternate directors is 
Borgartún 19, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland. 
Board's sub-committee members (other than Directors) 
Heimir Thorsteinsson. Heimir is member of the Board Audit Committee.  
Senior Management 
The Bank's senior management team comprises the following members:  
Benedikt Gíslason, CEO 
Benedikt was born in 1974. He was appointed CEO of the Bank in June 2019.  
Benedikt was a member of the Board of Directors at the Bank from 5 September 2018 to 26 June 2019. He 
previously worked as a senior consultant for Kaupthing ehf. as a senior advisor for Iceland’s Ministry of 
Finance and Economic Affairs, as managing director of Investment Banking at MP Bank and he has held a 
variety of managerial positions at Straumur- Burdarás, including managing director of securities and later 
CEO. Benedikt also worked as managing director of capital markets at FL Group and at proprietary trading 
and capital markets at Icelandic Investment Bank (FBA), later Íslandsbanki- FBA. Benedikt was also a board

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
member at Kaupthing and VÍS Insurance. Benedikt is on the board of Genís hf., EC Hugbúnadur ehf. and EC 
Software Sweden and an alternate board member of Brekkuás ehf. Benedikt graduated with a CSc in 
mechanical and industrial engineering from the University of Iceland in 1998. 
 
Ida Brá Benediktsdóttir, Managing Director of Retail Banking and Deputy CEO 
 
Ida Brá was born in 1976 and was appointed managing director of Retail Banking in June 2017 and Deputy 
CEO in April 2022. Ida has worked for the Bank and its predecessor since 1999 when she joined the research 
department. She has held various positions within the Bank including the head of department within the 
treasury. In 2013 Ida became the head of Private Banking and in 2016 was appointed as the managing 
director of the then Investment Banking division. Before taking over Private Banking, Ida was Head of 
Corporate Communications. Ida has served on the board of numerous companies, including Ólafsfjördur 
savings bank, AFL, Landfestar and HB Grandi hf.  
 
Ida graduated with a degree in business administration from the University of Iceland in 1999 and has a 
Master's in finance from the Rotterdam School of Management. She is also a certified stockbroker. 
Birna Hlín Káradóttir 
Birna Hlín was born in 1978. She was appointed General Counsel of the Bank in September 2019 and joined 
the Bank’s Executive Committee in June 2020. 
From 2016 until joining the Bank, Birna Hlín was a partner and general counsel at Fossar. She was general 
counsel at Straumur fjárfestingabanki from 2011 to 2015. Birna Hlín worked for Straumur-Burðarás 
Investment Bank hf. between 2007 and 2011 and was the company’s general counsel from 2009. She has 
taught financial market law at the Reykjavík University and the University of Iceland. She has served on the 
boards of directors of several companies in Iceland and abroad and is currently a board member of the 
Icelandic Bar Association. 
Birna Hlín has completed an Advanced Management Program at IESE Business School Barcelona and has a 
Cand. Jur. degree from the University of Iceland. She is a district court attorney and a licensed securities 
broker. 
Hákon Hrafn Gröndal Managing director of Corporate & Investment Banking 
Hákon Hrafn Gröndal was born in 1988. He was appointed managing director of Corporate & Investment 
Banking in April 2022. 
Hákon Hrafn Gröndal joined Arion Bank in 2012, initially working at the Bank’s Höfði branch in Reykjavik. 
Since then Hákon has held various financial advisory and credit roles at the Bank and served on several 
boards of directors on the Bank’s behalf. Since 2013 Hákon has been a credit manager in Corporate & 
Investment Banking. 
Hákon is a business graduate from Griffith University, has an MSc in corporate finance from the University 
of Iceland and is a licensed securities broker. 
Jóhann Möller Managing Director of Markets 
Jóhann was born in 1979. He was appointed managing director of Markets in May 2022. Jóhann Möller has 
been the managing director of Stefnir since 2020. Jóhann has worked in the financial markets for more than 
20 years and joined Stefnir in 2006, managing domestic equities funds and he was head of the company’s 
equities team between 2017 and 2020. Jóhann is a business graduate from the University of Iceland and is a 
licensed securities broker.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
Ólafur Hrafn Höskuldsson Chef Financial Officer 
Ólafur Hrafn was born in 1981. He was appointed Chief Financial Officer in September 2021. 
Ólafur Hrafn joined Arion Bank in 2019 as head of strategy and development in the CEO’s Office. Between 
2010 and 2016 Ólafur Hrafn worked for Royal Bank of Scotland in London and New York. In 2016 he was 
appointed managing director of the investment company Títan, a position he held until 2019. He previously 
worked for CreditInfo in Germany and Straumur Investment Bank. Ólafur Hrafn sits on the boards of 
directors of Vörður and Landey. 
Ólafur Hrafn graduated with a cand.oecon. from the University of Iceland in 2006, majoring in accounting 
and auditing. He is an FSA approved person in the United Kingdom and has passed the FINRA Series 79 
exam in the United States. 
Steinun Hlíf Sigurdardóttir, Managing director of Customer Experience 
Steinunn Hlíf was born in 1974. She was appointed managing director of Customer Experience in September 
2021. 
Steinunn Hlíf was managing director of customer service and advice at Vörður and was on the company’s 
executive committee from 2008 until 2021. She worked at Kaupthing/KB Bank from 1999-2005 where her 
roles included managing director of marketing. Between 2005 and 2008 she was marketing director at Sjóvá 
and held a management role within sales and marketing at Landsbankinn. 
Steinunn has a BA in Business Administration from Flagler College in Florida. 
Styrmir Sigurjónsson, Managing Director of Information Technology & CTO 
Styrmir was born in 1974. He was appointed managing director of Information Technology and CTO in 
March 2020. 
Styrmir worked for Natera in the United States from 2009. Natera specializes in genetic testing and 
diagnostics and is listed on the NASDAQ CM. Since 2012, Styrmir held a number of managerial roles at the 
company and, since 2017, lead the company’s research and development team as senior vice president of 
R&D. Before joining Natera, Styrmir worked for Straumur Investment Bank, FL Group and Citi. 
Styrmir has a Ph.D. and an M.S. in electrical engineering from Stanford and a C.S. degree in electrical and 
computer engineering from the University of Iceland.  
Úlfar Freyr Stefánsson, Chief Risk Officer 
Úlfar was born in 1981. He was appointed Chief Risk Officer in May 2020. 
Úlfar joined the Bank’s Risk Management division in 2013 after having worked at Kaupthing since 2010, 
where his positions included head of risk management. Úlfar was Head of Portfolio Risk at the Bank from 
2013 to 2015, when he took over as Head of Balance Sheet Risk.  
Úlfar has a doctorate and a master’s in mathematics from Georgia Institute of Technology. He also has a BSc 
in mathematics from the University of Iceland and is a certified securities broker. 
Andrés Fjelsted, Compliance Officer 
Andrés Fjeldsted is the Compliance Officer at Arion Bank. Andrés had been with the Bank’s Legal division 
since 2015. His main responsibilities have been related to asset management, senior management, and most

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
recently he was secretary to the board of directors of Arion Bank. Andrés has a Master’s degree in law from 
the University of Iceland and a BA in politics, philosophy and economics from the University of Essex.  
Anna Sif Jónsdóttir, Internal Auditor 
Anna Sif Jónsdóttir has been appointed by the Board of Directors of Arion Bank as the Bank’s Internal 
Auditor and will start work this autumn. Anna Sif has been Kvika Bank's internal auditor since 2013. Prior to 
that she was chief financial officer at Reginn hf. from 2009 to 2013 and at Landic Property Iceland from 
2007 to 2009. Anna was a specialist and team manager at KPMG from 2000 to 2006. Anna Sif has a BA 
degree from the University of Iceland and a cand. oecon from the same university. She is a certified auditor 
and a licensed securities broker.  
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of senior management listed above to 
the Bank and their private interests or other duties. The address of each member of senior management is 
Borgartún 19, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland. 
Corporate Governance 
The Bank's Corporate Governance framework is based on law, the Bank’s articles of association and the 
Guidelines on Corporate Governance issued by the Icelandic Chamber of Commerce, Nasdaq Iceland hf. and 
the Confederation of Icelandic Employers in accordance with the Bank’s Corporate Governance Statement. 
The Bank is directed and controlled by this framework. By establishing rules on corporate governance, the 
Bank sets forth criteria of conduct in key areas, which complement statutory rules. The Bank believes that a 
strong governance culture enhances trust, reduces risk and increases economic benefit for the Bank and its 
shareholders in the long term. The Bank continually seeks to update its corporate governance framework in 
response to new events, changes in statutory law and developments in domestic and international standards. 
Management  
The CEO is appointed by the Board. He is in charge of the day-to-day operations of the Bank and is required, 
in this connection, to follow the policies and instructions established by the Board of Directors. The CEO 
must conduct his work at all times with integrity and take into account the interests of the Bank. The CEO 
must ensure that Board of Directors is regularly provided with accurate information and data on the Bank’s 
finances, development and operation to enable the Board of Directors to perform its duties. The CEO is 
assisted by an executive management committee, in which all nine managing directors hold a seat. The CEO 
is required to ensure that members of the senior management are qualified to discharge their duties and fulfil 
at all times applicable conditions of eligibility with respect to reputation and financial status. Furthermore, 
the CEO is required to give special consideration to special eligibility of members of executive management 
committee with respect to conflicts of interest.  
Internal Audit  
The Internal Auditor is appointed by the Board and reports directly to the Board. The Board sets the Internal 
Auditor a charter which lays out the responsibilities associated with the position and the scope of work. 
Internal Audit is required to provide independent and objective assurance and consulting services designed to 
add value and improve the Bank's operations. The scope of the audit is the Bank, its subsidiaries and pension 
funds serviced by the Bank.  
The internal audit is governed by the audit charter, an FSA directive on the internal audit function in 
financial institutions and international standards on internal auditing. All internal audit work is completed by 
issuing an audit report with deadlines for the implementation of audit findings. Implementations are followed 
up by Internal Audit every quarter.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
The Bank has implemented controls designed to detect, monitor and mitigate operational risks. However, 
these controls cannot completely eliminate such risks as some can be difficult to detect, recommendations 
and suggestions of surveillance units of the Bank (such as the compliance and internal audit functions) could 
be ignored, misunderstood or misapplied, and mitigation may fail to be effective. Failures in internal controls 
could subject the Bank to regulatory scrutiny and could ultimately lead to losses or impairments, as in the 
case of United Silicon. See “—The Bank is exposed to credit risk and its customer loan portfolio contains 
certain problem and impaired loans”, “The Bank is exposed to operational risks” and “The Bank must 
comply with anti-money laundering and anti-bribery regulations, and the violation of such regulations may 
have severe consequences” in “Risk Factors”. 
Employees 
During 2021, the average number of full time employees in the Group was 758 (compared to 789 in 2020).

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
TAXATION 
Iceland 
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Bank’s understanding of current law and practice 
in Iceland. They relate only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of Notes. They 
may not apply to certain classes of person such as dealers. Prospective holders of Notes who are in any doubt 
as to their personal tax position or who may be subject to tax in any other jurisdiction, should consult their 
professional advisers. 
Furthermore, investors should note that the appointment by an investor in Notes, or any person through 
which an investor holds Notes, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Notes in 
any jurisdiction may have tax implications.  Prospective investors are advised to consult their tax advisers as 
to the consequences, under the tax law of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, 
of a purchase of Notes, including but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes 
and their disposal or redemption. 
The summary below is of a general nature based upon the law and practice of Iceland as in effect on the date 
of this Base Prospectus. It should not be construed as providing specific advice as to Icelandic taxation and is 
subject to any change in law or practice in Iceland that may take effect after such date. It relates only to the 
position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes.  
Non-Icelandic Tax Residents 
As a general rule, Article 3 (8) of the Income Tax Act No. 90/2003 (the ITA) provides that any interest 
received from Iceland (outbound payments), such as the interest payable under the Notes, by any person or 
entity residing outside of Iceland is taxable income in Iceland. According to Article 70 (8) of the ITA, the 
current tax rate on taxable income under Article 3 (8) is (a) 12 per cent. for individuals (only applicable to 
interest income exceeding the annual amount of ISK 300,000.00); and (b) 12 per cent. for legal entities.  
From the general rule of Article 3 (8) of the ITA, there are certain exemptions listed in the provision, e.g. if 
an applicable double taxation treaty states otherwise. Also, according to Article 3 (8), cf. Article 3 (3) of 
Regulation no. 630/2013, the Bank is not required by Icelandic law to deduct or withhold tax from interest 
payments on notes or bonds that are issued by a financial institution, in its own name, registered with a 
securities depository in 1) a member state of the OECD, 2) a member state of the EEA, 3) a member state of 
The European Free Trade Association (EFTA), or 4) the Faroe Islands. In 2015, the ITA was amended by 
Amendment Act No. 107/2015 to provide for an exemption from the general rule for payments of interest on 
notes or bonds issued in connection with a composition agreement or by financial institutions which are 
subject to winding-up proceedings or a composition process. The Bank has obtained confirmation from the 
Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland (the RSK) that the Programme is within the scope of the 
exemption contained in paragraph 3 of Article 3 (8) of the ITA, although an exemption will need to be 
applied for in respect of each Tranche of Notes. Accordingly, the Bank will, based on this confirmation, 
register any Notes issued under the Programme with the RSK and request that the RSK provide a certificate 
confirming that the relevant Notes are exempt from such taxation. 
In the absence of an applicable exemption, the Bank will be making the relevant withholding at source in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation no. 630/2013, on the taxation and withholding of interest to 
non-Icelandic tax residents subject to limited tax liability (as based on Article 3 (8) of the ITA and Article 41 
of the Act No. 45/1987 on Withholding of Public Levies at Source).  Condition 6 under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” provides for payment by the Bank of the necessary additional amounts in such 
circumstances to cover any resulting amounts deducted or withheld.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
There are no estate or inheritance taxes, succession duties, gift taxes or capital gains taxes imposed by 
Iceland or any authority of or in Iceland in respect of Notes if, at the time of the death of the holder of the 
transfer of the Notes, such holder or transferor is not a resident of Iceland. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are classified as interest under Icelandic tax law. Accordingly, based 
on the wording of Article 3 (8) of the ITA, cf. Article 3 (3) of Regulation no. 630/2013, capital gains on the 
sale of the Notes should not be subject to Income tax in Iceland, provided a tax exemption is in place in 
accordance with the above.  
No Icelandic issue tax or stamp duty will be payable in connection with the issue of any Notes. 
Icelandic Tax Residents 
Beneficial owners of the Notes that are resident in Iceland for tax purposes are subject to income tax in 
Iceland on their interest income in accordance with Icelandic tax law. The applicable tax rate depends on 
their tax status. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are subject to the same tax as interest income of Icelandic residents. 
Subject to certain exemptions (which apply, inter alia, to most banks and pension funds), the Bank is 
required to withhold a 22 per cent. tax on the interest paid to the holders of Notes who are Icelandic 
residents, cf. Act No. 94/1996 on Withholding of Tax on Financial Income. Such withholding is considered a 
preliminary tax payment but does not necessarily constitute the final tax liability of the holder. However, the 
Bank should generally not be held responsible for withholding tax on income related to bonds that have been 
registered as exempted with the Director of Revenue, unless the Bank has knowledge that the bonds have 
been acquired by an Icelandic tax resident, cf. inter alia explanatory notes accompanying Act No. 39/2013, 
amending the ITA. This exemption of the withholding obligation does not affect the tax obligations of the 
relevant bondholder. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The Bank is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including Iceland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to 
the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—
Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of 
the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat 
all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a participating Member State). However, Estonia has 
since ceased to participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution might be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument that is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
member states might decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT and 
its potential impact on the Notes. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax 
or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 
as amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will 
be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.  Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of 
income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth.  Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent.  Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the 
Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 2 September 2022, agreed with the 
Bank a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes".  In the Programme Agreement, the Bank has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of 
Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. The Programme Agreement provides that the obligations of the Dealers to subscribe 
for Notes are subject to certain conditions precedent, including (among others), the receipt of legal opinions 
from legal counsel.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will 
identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
and 
(ii) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as  it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Bank; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Bank; and

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any of 
the Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the SFO) other than (i) to persons whose ordinary business is 
to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); or (ii) to “professional investors” 
as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (iii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and it will not offer or

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
sell any Notes or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of any 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferable for six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) of the SFA or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Notes and the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the FinSA) and no application has or 
will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
General

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Bank nor any of the other 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Bank and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Bank’s Board dated 27 July 2022. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of the Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may be made to Nasdaq Iceland for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on the Nasdaq Iceland Main Market, the regulated market of Nasdaq Iceland. The Nasdaq Iceland Main 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.   
Documents Available 
This Base Prospectus will be published as of its date on the Bank’s website (available at: 
https://wwwv2.arionbanki.is/english/about-us/investor-relations/debt-investors/funding-programmes-and-
prospectuses/#Tab1) 
In addition, for the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the Bank’s website (available at 
https://www.arionbanki.is/english) as set out below: 
(a) 
the articles of association (with an English translation thereof) of the Bank (available at: 
https://www.arionbanki.is/english/about-us/corporate-governance/); 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons (available at: https://www.arionbanki.is/english/about-
us/investor-relations/debt-investors/funding-programmes-andprospectuses/#Tab1);  
(c) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference (available 
at: https://wwwv2.arionbanki.is/?PageId=9b4d404e-7696-11e7-9bb3-d8d385b77fc4); 
(d) 
the 
Green 
Financing 
Framework 
(available 
at: 
https://www.arionbanki.is/english/about-
us/media/news/2021/07/02/Arion-Bank-publishes-a-Green-Financing-Framework/);  
(e) 
any Green Financing Report (available at: www.arionbanki.is/ir); 
(f) 
the second party opinion from Cicero (available at:  
https://www.arionbanki.is/themes/arionbanki/arionbanki/documents/Frettir/Cicero%20SPO%20Ario
n%20Bank%202%20July%202021.pdf); and 
(g) 
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) analysis published by the Bank 
(available 
at: 
https://wwwv2.arionbanki.is/library/skrar/Bankinn/Fjarfestatengsl/Skuldabref-
fjarfesta/Green-bonds/TCFD%20Disclosures%20FY%202020.pdf).

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the ISD 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN and, if 
applicable, the FISN and/or CFI code for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the ISD will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an 
additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium. The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of the ISD is Icelandic Securities Depository, 
Laugavegur 182, 105 Reykjavik. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Bank and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or any Tranche of Fixed Reset Rate Notes, as applicable, an 
indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is 
calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be 
calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future 
yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
Since 30 June 2022, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent unaudited interim 
financial statements of the Bank have been published, save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus in the 
sections entitled "Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Bank – Risks associated with pandemics like the 
COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial position, results 
of operations and prospects" on pages 23 to 24, there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or position of the Group, nor, since 31 December 2021, the last day of the financial period in 
respect of which the most recent audited financial statements have been published, save as disclosed in the 
above sections of this Base Prospectus, has there been any material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Bank.  
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in "Description of the Bank – Legal Proceedings" on page 169 of this Base Prospectus, 
neither the Bank nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Bank 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Bank or the Group. 
Post-issuance information 
The Bank does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any assets underlying issues 
of Notes constituting derivative securities.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
Auditors 
On 19 March 2015 Deloitte, members of The Institute of State Authorised Public Accountants in Iceland, 
were appointed auditors of the Bank. Deloitte has audited the Annual Financial Statements, without 
qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing.   
Deloitte does not have a material interest in the Bank. 
Dealers transacting with the Bank  
In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Bank or the Banks’ 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Bank routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Bank consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
BANK 
 
Arion Bank hf. 
Borgartúni 19 
105 Reykjavík 
Iceland 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Bank as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Bank as to Icelandic law 
ADVEL Attorneys at Law 
Hafnartorg, Kalkofnsvegur 2 
101 Reykjavik 
Iceland 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2P 2SR 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to Icelandic law 
LOGOS 
Efstaleiti 5 
103 Reykjavik 
Iceland 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Bank 
Deloitte ehf. 
Smaratorgi 3 
201 Kopavogur 
Iceland 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany  
 Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm  
Taunusanlage 9-10  
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)  
60310 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18, 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main, 
Germany  
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1  
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main  
Federal Republic of Germany   
Pareto Securities AB 
Berzelii Park 9 
P.O. Box 7415 
103-91 Stockholm 
Kingdom of Sweden 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
60, route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg