--- Page 1 ---
A53735255 
1
Base Prospectus dated 8 March 2024
(a société anonyme incorporated in France)
€5,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this document (the “Base Prospectus”), Arkema, (“Arkema” or the “Issuer”), subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The Notes may be issued as senior unsecured 
notes (the “Unsubordinated Notes”) or as dated or undated (a) ordinary subordinated notes (the “Ordinary Subordinated Notes”) or (b) deeply subordinated notes (the “Deeply 
Subordinated Notes”), in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Deeply Subordinated Notes and/or the Ordinary Subordinated Notes, the “Subordinated Notes”). 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) and may be denominated in certain currencies. 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which require the 
publication of a Base Prospectus under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) (given that any exemption regime, as set out in the Prospectus 
Regulation, could apply in contemplation of the relevant issue) will be at least €100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency). 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 26 April 2023 and shall be in force for a period of one year as of the date set out hereunder. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of 12 months from the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (a “Regulated Market”). 
However, Notes that are not listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and 
admitted to trading and if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”), as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (a) in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear 
France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and 
Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (b) in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which 
case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents 
of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached 
(a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for 
definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest and talons attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the 
issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes”) upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with 
a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
The Issuer’s long-term debt is currently rated BBB+ (positive outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
(“Moody’s”), each of S&P and Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). As 
such, each of S&P and Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes to be issued under the Programme may or may not 
be rated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Issuer. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.  
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on the then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus, any document containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related 
to Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer’s 
website (www.arkema.com) and may be obtained, during normal business hours at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and each of the Paying Agents (as defined herein). 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” prior to purchasing any Notes. 
Arranger
NATIXIS
Dealers
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup
Crédit Agricole CIB
CIC Market Solutions
Helaba
J.P. MORGAN
NATIXIS
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank AG

--- Page 2 ---
A53735255A53735255 
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICE
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, its subsidiaries and its shareholdings taken as a whole 
(the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, contains the 
necessary information which is material to investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for 
the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), each of which shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should 
be read and construed together with the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the “Prospectus”.
The information on any websites included in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. No person has been authorised to give any 
information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the 
issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in the “General Description of 
the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or of the Group since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it 
is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its 
financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and 
restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and 
substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection 
with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above.
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness 
of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor 
with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the Inflation 
Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may acquire, 
non-public information with respect to the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in the context of Inflation 
Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any such persons to 
disclose to the Noteholders or any other party such information (whether or not confidential).
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and none of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus

--- Page 3 ---
A53735255
3
comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Notes in the EEA, the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, France, Hong-Kong, PRC and Singapore. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale” below.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled ”Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (”EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II 
product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the 
five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) on 3 August 2023 which will lead to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor” as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither

--- Page 4 ---
A53735255
4
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and 
does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under MiFID II Product Governance Rules.
UK 
MiFIR 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a ”distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the ”UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products).
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other charges 
or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available 
for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax summary 
contained in this Base Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with 
respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial transactions 
tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such tax is still uncertain as 
well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any similar tax is adopted, 
transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be 
diminished. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
A rating assigned to the Notes by any rating agency is based on the Issuer’s financial situation, but takes into account 
other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the Notes, and reflects only 
the views of the rating agency. The rating may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The rating 
addresses the likelihood of full and timely payment to the Noteholders of all payments of interest on each interest 
payment date and repayment of principal on the final payment date. There is no assurance that any such rating will 
continue for any period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the 
rating agency as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the rating agency’s judgement, 
circumstances so warrant. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities. Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
A53735255
5
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the 
Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the 
Arranger nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) makes any representation, expressed or 
implied, nor accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or 
purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and 
offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in 
tort or contract or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is intended 
to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of 
the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself 
the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention 
of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 6 ---
A53735255
6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
IMPORTANT NOTICE ...................................................................................................................................... 2
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 7
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................21
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................37
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................................44
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................45
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF UNSUBORDINATED NOTES 
ISSUED AS MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES ................................................................................127
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................128
DESCRIPTION OF ARKEMA .......................................................................................................................129
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .........................................................................................................................130
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................161
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................167
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................188
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................192

--- Page 7 ---
A53735255
7
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus.
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Conditions.
Issuer
Arkema
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the 
Issuer 
9695000EHMS84KKP2785
Website of the Issuer
www.arkema.com
Description
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of 
Notes (the “Programme”).
Arranger
NATIXIS
Dealers
BNP Paribas
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A.
J.P. Morgan SE
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale
NATIXIS
Société Générale
Standard Chartered Bank AG
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers 
and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more 
Tranches.
Programme Limit
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time.
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may 
be outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time 
to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement.
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Redenomination Agent, Consolidation 
Agent and Calculation Agent
Uptevia.
Make-Whole Calculation Agent
Aether Financial Services.
Method of Issue
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or

--- Page 8 ---
A53735255
8
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the final 
terms to this Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”).
Maturities
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as 
provided below, each Note (except for the Undated Subordinated 
Notes) shall be finally redeemed on the maturity date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the “Maturity Date”).
The Undated Subordinated Notes are undated obligations in 
respect of which there is no fixed maturity date.
Currencies
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollar, Japanese 
yen, Swiss francs, Sterling, RMB and in any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers.
Denomination(s)
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in a Member State (a “Regulated Market”) of 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency at the issue date).
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a 
maturity of less than one year from their date of issue will 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the United 
Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent.
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only.
Status of the Notes
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may be either 
unsubordinated (the “Unsubordinated Notes”) or, ordinary 
subordinated (the “Ordinary Subordinated Notes”) or deeply 
subordinated (the “Deeply Subordinated Notes”), in each case, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and/or the Ordinary Subordinated Notes, the 
“Subordinated Notes”).
(a) Unsubordinated Notes
The Unsubordinated Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4(a))

--- Page 9 ---
A53735255
9
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time 
mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other 
present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.
(b) Ordinary Subordinated Notes
The Ordinary Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
The principal and interest and other amounts (including Arrears 
of Interest and/or Additional Interest Amounts) on the Ordinary 
Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and Ordinary Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and will rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with 
all other present or future Ordinary Subordinated Obligations 
and, shall rank in priority to Equity Securities, Deeply 
Subordinated Obligations, the titres participatifs issued by, and 
the prêts participatifs granted to, the Issuer, but shall be 
subordinated to Unsubordinated Obligations of, or issued by, the 
Issuer.
(c) Deeply Subordinated Notes
The Deeply Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
The principal and interest and other amounts (including Arrears 
of Interest and/or Additional Interest Amounts) on the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and Deeply Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer and rank and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all 
other present or future Deeply Subordinated Obligations and, 
shall rank in priority to Equity Securities but shall be 
subordinated to the titres participatifs issued by, and the prêts 
participatifs granted to, the Issuer, to Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations and to Unsubordinated Obligations of, or issued by, 
the Issuer.
The Subordinated Notes may be either dated with a fixed 
maturity date (the “Dated Subordinated Notes”) or undated 
with no fixed maturity (“Undated Subordinated Notes”).
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Status of the Notes”.
Prohibition of set-off
(Subordinated Notes only)
Subject to applicable law, no holder of Subordinated Notes may 
exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or 
retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under or in connection with any 
Subordinated Notes and each holder of Subordinated Notes shall, 
by virtue of its holding of any Subordinated Note, be deemed to 
have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention.

--- Page 10 ---
A53735255
10
Negative Pledge
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Unsubordinated 
Notes as set out in Condition 4(a). See “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Negative Pledge”.
There will be no negative pledge in respect of Subordinated 
Notes as set out in Condition 4(b). See “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Negative Pledge”. 
Events of Default
(including cross default)
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of 
the Unsubordinated Notes as set out in Condition 9(a). See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default”.
There will be no event of default nor cross-default in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes as set out in Condition 9(b). See “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default”.
However, each Subordinated Note shall become immediately 
due and payable at its principal amount, together with accrued 
interest thereon, if any, to the date of payment and any Arrears 
of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon), 
in the event that a judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business 
of the Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the 
opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement 
judiciaire), or in the event of the voluntary dissolution of the 
Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in 
all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the 
context of an insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes 
all obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes). No 
payments will be made to holders of any class of the share capital 
of the Issuer before all amounts due, but unpaid, to all holders of 
Subordinated Notes have been paid by the Issuer.
Redemption
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in Sterling) having a maturity of less than one year 
from the date of issue and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).
Optional Redemption
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or (solely in 
respect of Unsubordinated Notes) in part) and/or the Noteholders 
and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption.
Redemption by Instalments
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
Unsubordinated Notes that are redeemable in two or more

--- Page 11 ---
A53735255
11
instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in 
which, such Unsubordinated Notes may be redeemed.
Early Redemption
(a) Unsubordinated Notes
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, “Residual 
Call Option”, “Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer”, “Clean-
Up Call Option” and “Acquisition Event Call Option” below, 
Unsubordinated Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons.
(b) Subordinated Notes
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, “Make-
Whole Redemption by the Issuer”, “Clean-Up Call Option”, 
“Change of Control Call Event Option”, “Acquisition Event Call 
Option”, “Accounting Event Call Option” and “Rating Event 
Call Option” below, Subordinated Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer prior to maturity upon the occurrence of 
a “Gross-Up Event”, a “Withholding Tax Event” or a “Tax 
Deductibility Event”. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, Purchase 
and Options”.
Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders following a Change of 
Control
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and if, at any time while any Unsubordinated Note 
remains outstanding, there occurs a Change of Control and 
within the Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade 
occurs or has occurred as a result of such Change of Control, the 
holders of Unsubordinated Notes will be entitled to request the 
Issuer to redeem the Unsubordinated Notes, or, at the Issuer’s 
option, procure the purchase of their Unsubordinated Notes. 
Change of Control Call Event Option
(Subordinated Notes only)
If a Change of Control occurs after the Issue Date and within the 
Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade occurs or has 
occurred as a result of such Change of Control (the “Change of 
Control Call Event”), the Issuer may, at its option (a “Change 
of Control Call Option”), at any time, redeem or procure the 
purchase of all the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) at 
their principal amount together with any accrued interest and any 
Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts 
thereon).
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Subordinated Notes, such 
redemption or purchase will take place not less than 15, nor more 
than 60 calendar days after a Call Event Notice is given.
Further to the occurrence of a Change of Control Call Event, if 
the Change of Control Call Option has not been exercised by the 
Issuer, the interest payable on the Subordinated Notes will be 
increased by an additional margin specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Change of Control Step Up Margin”) from and 
including the date of the Call Event Notice to, but excluding, the 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
A53735255
12
Residual Call Option
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and in respect of 
Unsubordinated Notes only, in respect of any issue of 
Unsubordinated Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem 
the Unsubordinated Notes, in whole or in part, at par together 
with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption, at any time as from the Call Option Date which shall 
be no earlier than 3 months before the Maturity Date, until the 
Maturity Date.
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer
(a)
Unsubordinated Notes
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Unsubordinated Notes, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem the Unsubordinated Notes, in whole or in part, at any 
time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date at their 
Optional Redemption Amount. The Optional Redemption 
Amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent and will be 
the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the 
Unsubordinated Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then 
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest on such Unsubordinated Notes (not including any 
interest accrued on the Unsubordinated Notes to, but excluding, 
the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any 
interest accrued on the Unsubordinated Notes to, but excluding, 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date.
If a Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer will be calculated taking into account 
the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) and not the Maturity Date.
(b)
Subordinated Notes
If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at any time other than during any Residual 
Redemption Period (if any) and/or on any Par Call Date, prior to 
their Maturity Date (the “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at 
their Optional Redemption Amount. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated by the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent and will be the greater of (x) 100 
per cent. of the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes and, 
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Subordinated Notes 
(not including any Arrears of Interest, Additional Interest 
Amount thereon and any interest accrued on the Subordinated 
Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date) up

--- Page 13 ---
A53735255
13
to, and discounted from, (in respect of Dated Subordinated Notes 
only) the Maturity Date or, if applicable, the Par Call Date 
immediately succeeding the Make-Whole Redemption Date to 
such Make-Whole Redemption Date, on an annual basis at the 
Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any 
interest accrued on the Subordinated Notes and any Arrears of 
Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, 
but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
Clean-Up Call Option
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, if at least 
75 per cent. of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of 
the same Series have been redeemed or purchased and, in each 
case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes in 
whole but not in part at their Clean-Up Redemption Amount (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with (x) in respect 
of Unsubordinated Notes, any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption and (y) in respect of Subordinated Notes, any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption and any Arrears of Interest 
(including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon).
Acquisition Event Call Option
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if an Acquisition 
Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole or in 
part or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole only, 
as described in Condition 6(l) (Redemption on Acquisition 
Event). The Subordinated Notes will only be redeemable in 
whole.
Accounting Event Call Option
(Subordinated Notes only)
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if an Accounting 
Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Subordinated Notes on any day from the Accounting Event 
Adoption 
Date 
and 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
6(m) (Redemption following an Accounting Event).
Rating Event Call Option
(Subordinated Notes only)
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if a Rating Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Subordinated Notes at any time and in accordance with 
Condition 6(n) (Redemption following a Rating Event).
Gross-Up Call Option
(Subordinated Notes only)
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if by reason of a 
change in French law or regulation, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such law or regulation, becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion 
of the next payment due in respect of the Subordinated Notes, 
not be able to make such payment without having to pay 
additional amounts as specified in Condition 8 (a “Gross-Up 
Event”), the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Subordinated Notes at any time and in accordance with 
Condition 6(j)(ii)(A).

--- Page 14 ---
A53735255
14
Withholding Tax Call Option
(Subordinated Notes only)
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if the Issuer would 
on the occasion of the next payment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes be prevented by French law or regulation 
from making payment to the holders of Subordinated Notes of 
the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 
(a “Withholding Tax Event”), the Issuer may redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at any time and in 
accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii)(B).
Tax Deductibility Call Option
(Subordinated Notes only)
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if an opinion of a 
recognised law firm of international standing has been delivered 
to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, stating that by reason of a 
change in French law or regulation, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such law or regulation, becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments 
under the Subordinated Notes is modified and such modification 
results in the part of the interest payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes that is tax-deductible being reduced 
(a “Tax Deductibility Event”), the Issuer may redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at any time and in 
accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii)(C).
Put Option
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms and in respect of 
Unsubordinated Notes only, the Issuer shall, upon request of the 
Noteholder, redeem such Unsubordinated Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
Taxation in respect of the Notes
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied or collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.
If such a withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will 
have to gross-up its payments to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law and subject to certain exceptions.
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons could be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA. There 
will be no grossing up provision and, accordingly, no early 
redemption whatsoever in case of any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to FATCA.
See “Taxation”.
Interest Periods and Interest Rates
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest

--- Page 15 ---
A53735255
15
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms.
Interest Rate Adjustment
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of interest to 
be paid with respect of the Unsubordinated Notes may be subject 
to adjustments on the occurrence of certain ratings triggers.
Deferral of Interest
(Subordinated Notes only)
Interest payments in respect of Subordinated Notes shall only be 
due and payable if the Issuer so elects, in accordance with the 
provisions of the following paragraphs.
(i)
Optional Interest Payment
Interest which accrues during an Interest Period ending on but 
excluding an Interest Payment Date will be due on that Interest 
Payment Date unless the Issuer, by giving notice to the holders 
of Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 5(m)(iv), 
elects to defer such payment, in whole or in part, and the Issuer 
shall not have any obligation to make such payment and any 
failure to so pay shall not constitute a default by the Issuer under 
the Subordinated Notes or for any other purpose.
Any interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes which has not 
been paid in accordance with this paragraph will be deferred and 
shall constitute “Arrears of Interest” and shall be payable as 
outlined below.
(ii)
Payment of Arrears of Interest
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount 
(as defined below)) may at the option of the Issuer be paid, in 
whole or in part, at any time, provided that all Arrears of Interest 
(together with the corresponding Additional Interest Amounts) in 
respect of all Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding 
shall become due and payable in whole, but not in part, on 
whichever is the earliest of:
(a)
the tenth (10th) Business Day following a Mandatory 
Payment Event;
(b)
the next Interest Payment Date in respect of which the 
Issuer does not elect to defer all of the interest accrued 
in respect of the relevant Interest Period;
(c)
the redemption of the Subordinated Notes; or
(d)
the date upon which a judgment is made for the 
voluntary or judicial liquidation of the Issuer 
(liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) or the 
sale of the whole of the business (cession totale de 
l’entreprise) of the Issuer subsequent to the opening of 
a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) 
or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, as 
contemplated under Condition 9(b).

--- Page 16 ---
A53735255
16
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest, in 
accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Code civil, as if it 
constituted the principal of the Subordinated Notes at a rate 
which corresponds to the rate of interest from time to time 
applicable to the Subordinated Notes (the “Arrears Interest 
Rate”) and the amount of such interest (the “Additional Interest 
Amount”) with respect to Arrears of Interest shall be due and 
payable pursuant to this paragraph (ii) and shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent applying the Arrears Interest Rate to the 
amount of the Arrears of Interest and otherwise mutatis mutandis
as provided in the provisions of Condition 5(m) (Deferral of 
Interest).
The Additional Interest Amount accrued up to any Interest 
Payment Date shall be added in accordance with Article 1343-2 
of the French Code civil to the amount of Arrears of Interest 
remaining unpaid on such Interest Payment Date so that it will 
itself become Arrears of Interest, for the purpose only of 
calculating the Additional Interest Amount accruing thereafter.
Fixed Rate Notes
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes
(Subordinated Notes only)
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes will initially bear a fixed rate of 
interest payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and will then be resettable 
on each specified reset date(s) and bear for each corresponding 
Reset Period an interest rate corresponding to the sum of a mid-
swap rate and one or more margin, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
In the event where the mid-swap rate (or any component thereof) 
used to calculate interest payable under the Subordinated Notes 
is discontinued, the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
provide a methodology to determine the successor or alternative 
mid-swap rates.
Floating Rate Notes
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under the June 
2013/2007 
Fédération 
Bancaire 
Française 
Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments 
and 
the 
technical 
schedules 
(additifs 
techniques) published from time to time by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française; or

--- Page 17 ---
A53735255
17
(ii)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or
(iii) by reference to EURIBOR, CMS Rate, €STR, SOFR or 
SONIA (or such other benchmark as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), in each case as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. Interest periods will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, for the 
sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than zero.
In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the interest 
payable is discontinued, the Conditions of the Notes provide a 
methodology to determine the successor or alternative rates.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert on the date 
set out in the Final Terms from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate.
Zero Coupon Notes
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest.
Inflation Linked Notes
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the 
interest and/or the principal in respect of such Unsubordinated 
Notes will be calculated by reference to an inflation index ratio 
derived from either:
(i)
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all 
households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique 
et des Etudes Economiques; or
(ii)
the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding 
tobacco, or the relevant substitute index, measuring the rate 
of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding 
tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat.
Inflation Linked Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both.
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, for the 
sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than zero.
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out in 
Condition 6(h) is below par, the Unsubordinated Notes will be 
redeemed at par.
Redenomination
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU 
which will participate in the single currency of the Economic and

--- Page 18 ---
A53735255
18
Monetary Union may be redenominated into Euro, all as more 
fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, 
Denominations, Title and Redenomination”.
Consolidation
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Further Issues and Consolidation”.
Form of Notes
Notes may be 
issued in either dematerialised form 
(“Dematerialised Notes”) or, in respect of Unsubordinated 
Notes only, in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”).
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer be issued 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder, in either au nominatif pur or 
au nominatif administré form.
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- Form, Denominations, Title and Redenomination”.
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Dematerialised 
Notes are to be issued in bearer form only, in registered 
(including both nominatif pur and nominatif administré) form 
only or in both bearer and registered form.
Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised Notes will be in 
bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”) only. A Temporary 
Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. Unsubordinated Notes 
issued as Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France.
Governing Law
French law.
Central Depositary
Euroclear France in relation to Dematerialised Notes.
Clearing Systems
Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system (provided 
proper clearing and settlement procedures have previously been 
put in place) that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes.
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable or the application 
form, as the case may be, relating to such Tranche shall be 
deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary.
Initial Delivery of Materialised Notes
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Unsubordinated 
Notes issued as Materialised Bearer Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method 
of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 19 ---
A53735255
19
Issue Price
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.
Listing and Admission to Trading
Euronext Paris or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. A Series of Notes may or may not be listed and admitted 
to trading.
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms related to the Notes listed and admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published 
on the websites of the Issuer (www.arkema.com) and of the AMF 
(http://www.amf-france.org/). The Final Terms will indicate 
where the Base Prospectus may be obtained.
Representation of the Noteholders
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests 
in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”).
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French 
Code de commerce, with the exception of Articles L.228-48, 
L.228-59, L.228-65 I, 1° and 6°, Articles R.228-61, R.228-63 
and R.228-69 of the French Code de commerce and subject to 
the provisions set out in the Conditions of the Notes.
The Masse will act in part through a representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions 
of the Noteholders. The names and addresses of the 
Representative will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of the Notes will be the representative of the single 
Masse of all Tranches in such Series.
Selling Restrictions
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and 
Sale”.
The Notes to be issued qualify under Category 2 for the purposes 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Materialised Notes will be issued (i) in compliance with US 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue Code”)) 
unless the relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised 
Notes are issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code) (the “C Rules”), or (ii) other than in 
compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances 
in which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstance

--- Page 20 ---
A53735255
20
will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable.
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes.
Ratings
The Issuer’s long-term debt is currently rated BBB+ (positive 
outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and 
Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
(“Moody’s”), each of S&P and Moody’s is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). As such, 
each of S&P and Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
website 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes to be 
issued under the Programme may or may not be rated. The rating, 
if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 21 ---
A53735255
21
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. The risk factors may relate to the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries.
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the main risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. The risks described below are not the only risks 
the Issuer faces.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or that are currently believed to be 
immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations. Prospective investors should also read 
the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and in any documents incorporated by 
reference and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. In particular, investors should 
make their own assessment as to the risks associated with the Notes prior to investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme.
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Conditions.
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer 
Please refer to pages 70 to 83 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document (as defined under “Documents 
incorporated by reference”) of Arkema which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and include 
the following:

Industrial risks;

Risks relating to compliance, legal proceedings, societal expectations and internal control;

Operational risks;

Economic and business risks;

Project and innovation risks; and

Financial risks.
Risk Factors relating to the Notes
The following is a description of risk factors in relation to the Notes which set out the most material risks (in 
descending order of importance), taking into account the negative impact of such risks on the Issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence. Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers 
about risks associated with an investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the 
Notes in light of their particular circumstances.
1
Risk Factors relating to all Series of Notes
French Insolvency Law
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the

--- Page 22 ---
A53735255
22
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by Ordonnance n°2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as 
from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption 
of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which 
reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be 
formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the 
proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a 
specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped 
into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may 
possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could 
materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer.
Credit Risk
As contemplated in Condition 3(a), the Unsubordinated Notes and, where applicable any relative 
Receipts and Coupons are direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 4(a)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the Subordinated Notes are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer. However, an investment in the 
Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the credit worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, it may 
not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, which could materially and 
negatively impact the Noteholders and investors may lose all or part of their investment.
Modification and waivers
Condition 11 contains provisions for calling General Meetings of Noteholders or consulting them by 
way of a resolution in writing to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at 
the relevant General Meeting or who did not vote through the written consultation and Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and 
such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact 
on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may lose part of their investment.
In addition, Condition 11 provides that the provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 6° of the French 
Code de commerce, respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of the 
Noteholders of (i) any proposal to change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or (ii) any proposal 
to transfer the registered office of a societas europaea to another Member State of the European Union 
and Article L.229-2 of the French Code de commerce providing that such transfer requires the prior 
approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders unless the redemption is offered upon simple 
request, shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, no General Meeting shall be held 
nor a Written Resolution shall be submitted and no early redemption of any Note by the Issuer shall be

--- Page 23 ---
A53735255
23
requested by the Noteholders in respect of such modification which may affect the interests of the 
Noteholders generally.
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding risk
As contemplated by Condition 8(b)(iii), pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including France) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event 
any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, 
neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding. Hence investors may lose part of their investment.
2
Risk Factors relating to the structure and feature of a particular issue of Notes
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes 
may carry varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, 
inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue 
price.
2.1
Risk Factors relating to Subordinated Notes
The Deeply Subordinated Notes are lowest ranking subordinated obligations of the Issuer
In accordance with Condition 3(b)(i), the Deeply Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Deeply Subordinated Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
lowest ranking subordinated obligations (engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present or future Deeply 
Subordinated Obligations. In the event of any judgment rendered by any competent court declaring the 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the 
business of the Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery 
procedure (redressement judiciaire), or in the event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency 
whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Deeply Subordinated Notes), 
the rights of holders of Deeply Subordinated Notes to payment under the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
will be subordinated to the full payment of the unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including creditors 
of Unsubordinated Obligations (such as the Unsubordinated Notes), of the ordinary subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (creditors of Ordinary Subordinated Obligations (such as the Ordinary 
Subordinated Notes)), of lenders in relation to prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer and of holders of 
titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, if and to the extent that there is still cash available for those 
payments.

--- Page 24 ---
A53735255
24
In the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph, in the event of incomplete payment of 
unsubordinated creditors and subordinated creditors ranking ahead of the holders of Deeply 
Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
shall terminate. Thus, the holders of Deeply Subordinated Notes face a higher performance risk than 
holders of Unsubordinated Obligations and Ordinary Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer which could 
result in (i) a loss of all of a holder of Deeply Subordinated Notes’ investment in the event of the 
occurrence of any of the procedures described above and (ii) more volatility in the market value the 
market value of Deeply Subordinated Notes as compared to Unsubordinated Notes and Ordinary 
Subordinated Notes.
The claims of the holders of Deeply Subordinated Notes are intended to rank in priority only to any 
payments to the holders of Equity Securities. There are currently no instruments of the Issuer that rank 
junior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes other than the ordinary shares of the Issuer.
The Issuer may also issue Ordinary Subordinated Notes ranking junior to the Unsubordinated Notes but 
senior to Deeply Subordinated Obligations
In accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii), the Ordinary Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Ordinary Subordinated Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
Ordinary Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves 
and pari passu with all other present or future Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and, shall rank in 
priority to Equity Securities, Deeply Subordinated Obligations and the titres participatifs issued by, and 
the prêts participatifs granted to, the Issuer but shall be subordinated to Unsubordinated Obligations of 
or issued by the Issuer.
As a consequence, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the 
Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure 
(redressement judiciaire), or in the event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason (and in all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency whereby the 
surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Subordinated Notes), the rights 
of holders of Ordinary Subordinated Notes to payment under the Ordinary Subordinated Notes will be 
subordinated to the full payment of the unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including creditors of 
Unsubordinated Obligations (such as the Unsubordinated Notes)), if and to the extent that there is still 
cash available for those payments. This may result in a loss of all of a holder of Ordinary Subordinated 
Notes’ investment in the event of the occurrence of any of the procedures described above and increase 
the volatility of such Ordinary Subordinated Notes compared to holders of unsubordinated obligations 
such as the Unsubordinated Notes.
The claims of the holders of Ordinary Subordinated Notes are intended to rank in priority to holders of 
titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, the lenders in relation to prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, 
the deeply subordinated creditors of the Issuer, and to holders of Equity Securities.
No limitation on issuing or guaranteeing debt ranking senior or pari passu with the Subordinated Notes
There is no restriction in the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes on the amount of debt which the 
Issuer may issue or guarantee. The Issuer and any member of the Group may incur additional 
indebtedness or grant guarantees in respect of indebtedness of third parties, including indebtedness or 
guarantees that rank pari passu or senior to the obligations under and in connection with the

--- Page 25 ---
A53735255
25
Subordinated Notes. The issue of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may 
reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by holders of Subordinated Notes on a winding-up of the Issuer 
and/or may increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes. 
If the Issuer’s financial condition were to deteriorate, the holders of Subordinated Notes could suffer 
adverse consequences, including loss of interest and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily 
or not), the holders of Subordinated Notes could suffer loss of their entire investment, particularly as 
their claims would be subordinated to the claims of senior creditors of the Issuer (see risk factors entitled 
“The Deeply Subordinated Notes are the lowest ranking subordinated obligations of the Issuer” and 
“The Issuer may also issue Ordinary Subordinated Notes ranking junior to the Unsubordinated Notes 
but senior to Deeply Subordinated Obligations” above).
The Subordinated Notes contain no event of default nor cross default
Compared to other debt securities (including the Unsubordinated Notes), Condition 9(b) does not 
provide for events of default or cross default allowing acceleration of the Subordinated Notes if certain 
events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under the Subordinated Notes, 
including the payment of any interest, or is in default under other indebtedness, investors will not have 
the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to holders of 
Subordinated Notes for recovery of amounts owed in respect of any payment of principal or interest on 
the Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay 
any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, and investors may 
therefore lose all or part of their investment. As a result, the value of the Subordinated Notes or liquidity 
on the secondary market may be materially and negatively affected.
The Subordinated Notes may be undated
As provided for in Condition 6(a), the Subordinated Notes may be undated with no specified maturity 
date. Notwithstanding any early redemption features that may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer is under no obligation to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes at any time, and the 
holders of Subordinated Notes have no right to require redemption of the Subordinated Notes, except if 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or, following an 
order of judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire), the sale of the whole of the business (cession 
totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or in the event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in all the cases above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency whereby the 
surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes). Therefore, the 
financial risks borne by an investor in respect of Undated Subordinated Notes for an indefinite period of 
time and may not recover the value of their investment in a foreseeable future.
The Issuer may defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 5(m), on any applicable Interest Payment Date of any given Series of Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer may elect to defer payment of all or part of the interest accrued to that date, and the 
Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment and any such failure to pay shall not constitute 
a default by the Issuer for any purpose.
Any interest not paid on an applicable Interest Payment Date and deferred shall constitute Arrears of 
Interest and may be paid, in whole or in part, at any time, provided that all Arrears of Interest (together 
with any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) in respect of all Subordinated Notes for the time being 
outstanding shall become due and payable in whole, but not in part, on the date which is the earliest of:

--- Page 26 ---
A53735255
26
i.
the tenth (10th) Business Day following the date on which a Mandatory Payment Event occurs;
ii.
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Issuer does not elect to defer 
all of the interest accrued in respect of the relevant Interest Period;
iii.
the date on which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed; or
iv.
the date upon which a judgment is made for the judicial liquidation of the Issuer (liquidation 
judiciaire), or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de 
l'entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or in the 
event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (and in 
all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other 
reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations 
of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes).
Any deferral of interest payments, or the perception that the Issuer will need to exercise its optional 
deferral right, will be likely to have a significant adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated 
Notes. In addition, as a result of the above provisions of the Subordinated Notes, the market price of the 
Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which interest 
accrues that are not subject to the above provisions and may be more sensitive generally to adverse 
changes in the Issuer's financial condition.
Changes in rating methodologies may lead to the occurrence of a Rating Event and, at the option of the 
Issuer to, the early redemption of the Subordinated Notes
S&P or Moody’s may change their rating methodology and, in particular, the “equity credit” criteria or 
their application after the Issue Date (or, as applicable, after the date when the equity credit is assigned 
for the first time to the Subordinated Notes) which may constitute a Rating Event, as provided in 
Condition 6(n). As result of the occurrence of a Rating Event, the Issuer may redeem all of the 
Subordinated Notes (but not some only), as provided in Condition 6(n).
Such redemption at the option of the Issuer might have a significant negative impact on the market value 
of such Subordinated Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated 
Notes, the market value of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. Should the Subordinated Notes at such time be trading above or well 
above the price set for redemption, the negative impact on the holders of Subordinated Notes’ anticipated 
returns would be significant. The Issuer may also be expected to redeem the Subordinated Notes when 
its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate of the Subordinated Notes. The holders of 
Subordinated Notes may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the return that would have been received on such Subordinated Notes had they not been 
redeemed. 
The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Subordinated Notes as 
equity instruments may change which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event
In June 2018, the IASB (“International Accounting Standards Board”) published the discussion paper 
DP/2018/1 on “Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity” (the “DP/2018/1 Paper”) 
proposing a new classification approach to articulate more clearly the principles for classifying financial 
instruments as financial liabilities or equity instruments, and to improve the consistency, completeness 
and clarity of the classification requirements in IAS 32. In November 2023, the IASB published a paper 
titled “Exposure Draft Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity” where the IASB has decided 
not to pursue the proposed classification approach set out in DP/2018/1 Paper and instead aim at, inter 
alia, clarifying the requirements, including the underlying principles, for classifying a financial

--- Page 27 ---
A53735255
27
instrument as a financial liability or an equity instrument (the “2023 Exposure Draft”). Depending of 
the content of the final clarifications that will be adopted, the IFRS equity classification of financial 
instruments such as the Subordinated Notes may change. If such a change leads to an Accounting Event, 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6(m).
The implementation of any of the clarifications regarding the requirements, including the underlying 
principles, for classifying a financial instrument as a financial liability or an equity instrument set out in 
the 2023 Exposure Draft or any other proposals that may be made in the future, including the extent and 
timing of any such implementation, if at all, is uncertain. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to 
the future classification of the Subordinated Notes from an accounting perspective or whether any such 
change may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event, thereby providing the Issuer with the option 
to redeem the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 6(m). 
The redemption of the Subordinated Notes by the Issuer or the perception that the Issuer will exercise 
its optional redemption right might negatively affect the market value of the Subordinated Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
Should the Subordinated Notes at such time be trading above or well above the price set for redemption, 
the negative impact on the Noteholders’ anticipated returns would be significant.
The Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contain a prohibition of set-off
In accordance with Condition 3(b)(iv) and subject to applicable law, no holder of Subordinated Notes 
may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount 
owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with any Subordinated Notes and 
each holder of Subordinated Notes shall, by virtue of its holding of any Subordinated Note, be deemed 
to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention. As a result, a holder of Subordinated 
Notes which is also a debtor of the Issuer cannot set-off its payment obligation against any sum due to 
it by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes. This prohibition of set-off could therefore have an adverse 
impact on the counterparty risk for a holder of Subordinated Notes in the event that the Issuer were to 
become insolvent.
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes
Condition 5(b)(ii) allows for Fixed Rate Resettable Notes to be issued. With respect to any Subordinated 
Notes issued as Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Fixed Rate Resettable Notes 
will be reset by reference to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, as adjusted by any margin(s) applicable 
to the relevant reset interest period(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. The reset of the rate of 
interest in accordance with such provisions may significantly affect the secondary market and the market 
value of such Fixed Rate Resettable Notes. Following any such reset of the rate of interest applicable to 
the Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
on the relevant Fixed Rate Resettable Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest and/or any previous Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. A holder of Subordinated Notes 
issued as Fixed Rate Resettable Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income and may be  impacted by such fluctuations.
2.2
Risk Factors relating to the Interest payable on the Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes
As contemplated by Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as

--- Page 28 ---
A53735255
28
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment 
Date.
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and Noteholders 
may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes and therefore their interests may be negatively 
altered.
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or within 
a given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market Interest Rate”) typically varies on a daily 
basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Notes varies in the opposite direction. If the 
Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Notes typically decreases, until the yield of the Note 
equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed 
Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. 
Therefore, the price of the Notes at any particular time may be lower than the purchase price of the Notes 
paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost on 
any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the 
capital invested. 
Floating Rate Notes
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise 
(i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. 
Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or 
six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the 
market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market 
interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these 
Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. As a result, Noteholders may lose 
all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their interests may be negatively altered.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. The 
conversion (whether it be automatic or optional) of the interest rate may affect the secondary market and 
the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, 
the spread on the fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and “Floating 
Rate Notes”.
Zero Coupon Notes
As contemplated by Condition 5(e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market interest 
rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of 
ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates

--- Page 29 ---
A53735255
29
increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity 
and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated 
with a particularly high price risk and holders of Unsubordinated Notes may, as a result, lose all or part 
of their investment in the Notes.
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks”
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) and where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (except in respect 
of €STR, SOFR and SONIA (as defined below)) which are the subject of national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of 
and return on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”.
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”) is applicable since 1 January 2018, and applies to the provision of “benchmarks” in the 
EU, the contribution of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU.
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed 
to be a “benchmark”, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the “benchmark”.
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could (i) increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements, 
(ii) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, 
(iii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iv) lead to the 
disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or 
other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”.
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Resettable Notes – benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined (except in respect of €STR, SOFR and SONIA), Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate Notes) and Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) (Benchmark 
discontinuation for Fixed Rate Resettable Notes) provides that if the Original Reference Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Original Mid-Swap Rate is discontinued, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate, a Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) (and, as the case may be, an Adjustment 
Spread or an Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (as applicable)) following the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event or a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event (each, as defined in Condition 5(a) (Definitions)).
The use of any such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable) (and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread or an Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread (as applicable)) to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the

--- Page 30 ---
A53735255
30
Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Original Mid-Swap Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Original Mid-Swap Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.
Furthermore, if (a) a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate or (b) a 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate for the Original Mid-Swap Rate (or any 
component part thereof) is determined by the Independent Adviser and the Independent Adviser 
determines that amendments to the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the 
Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate, Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable), then the Issuer may vary 
these Conditions to give effect to such amendments without any requirement for consent or approval of 
the Noteholders.
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate, a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) (and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread or an Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable)) in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes.
Where it is the case before the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable), the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable) before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event or the Mid-Swap Benchmark Event, or, where 
the Benchmark Event or the Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination 
Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable), the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event or Mid-Swap Benchmark Event will result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant 
benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they 
would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Rate, a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) could be determined.
If the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate, a Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) for the life-time of the relevant Notes, the 
initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event or Mid-
Swap Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. In respect of Subordinated Notes only, no 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Mid-
Swap Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any other related Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments be 
made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to (i) result in a reduction of the amount of "equity credit" assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency 
when compared to the "equity credit" assigned to the Notes immediately prior to the occurrence of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Benchmark Event from such Rating Agency or (ii) otherwise prejudice the eligibility 
of the Notes for “equity credit” from any Rating Agency. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or the Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes. 
Noteholders may, in such circumstances, be materially affected and receive a lower interest as they 
would have expected if an Independent Adviser had been determined or if such Independent Adviser did 
not fail to determine such Successor, Alternative Rate, Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate (as applicable).

--- Page 31 ---
A53735255
31
The risk-free rates (including overnight rates) may be used for Floating Rate Notes
Condition 5(c) allows the Notes referencing risk-free rates to be issued. The risk-free rates, such as the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and 
the Daily Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”), as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. 
dollar or euro bonds, as applicable have been adopted as alternatives to the certain interbank offered 
rates. 
Such risk-free rates have a limited performance history and the future performance of such risk-free rates 
remains uncertain. As a consequence, no future performance of Floating Rate Notes referencing risk-
free rates may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual historical performance data. In addition, 
risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. 
For example, since publication of SOFR began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more 
volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate or an arithmetic average of the risk-
free rate, using the relevant specific formula set out in the Conditions of the Notes. In addition, market 
conventions for calculating the interest rate for notes referencing risk-free rates continue to develop and 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-
free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for calculating the rate used in the Notes issued under the 
Base Prospectus may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that materially differ in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free rates issued by it. 
If the market adopts a different calculation method, that could adversely affect the market value of Notes 
issued under the Programme.
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference risk-free 
rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources 
and the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. There is 
a risk that the relevant risk-free rate (or the Compounded SOFR Index or SONIA Compounded Index) 
will be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in Notes linked to or which reference such a risk-free rate (or that any applicable benchmark 
fallback provisions provided for in the Conditions of the Notes will provide a rate which is not 
economically equivalent for Noteholders). If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated 
is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and 
the trading prices of such Notes.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes that reference 
a risk-free rate issued under the Base Prospectus. 
Any mismatch between the adoption of such risk-free rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Note.

--- Page 32 ---
A53735255
32
2.3
Risk Factors relating to the redemption of the Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant the Final Terms, to redeem the Unsubordinated 
Notes under a Residual Call Option as provided in Condition 6(c), a make-whole call option as provided 
in Condition 6(d)(i), a Clean-Up Call Option as provided in Condition 6(e), a Call Option as provided 
in Condition 6(f) or an Acquisition Event Call Option as provided in Condition 6(l).
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant the Final Terms, to redeem the Subordinated 
Notes under a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 6(d)(ii), a Clean-Up Call Option as 
provided in Condition 6(e), a Call Option as provided in Condition 6(f), a Gross-Up Event as provided 
in Condition 6(j)(ii)(A), a Withholding Tax Event as provided in Condition 6(j)(ii)(B), a Tax 
Deductibility Event as provided in Condition 6(j)(ii)(C), a Change of Control Call Event as provided in 
Condition 6(k)(ii), an Acquisition Event Call Option as provided in Condition 6(l), an Accounting Event 
call option as provided in Condition 6(m) and a Rating Event call option as provided in Condition 6(n). 
In case of a Clean-Up Call Option, if so specified in the relevant the Final Terms of Unsubordinated 
Notes or Subordinated Notes, there is no obligation for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the 
percentage of 75 per cent. has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem 
will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of 
this option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss 
of capital invested.
If (i) an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms of Unsubordinated Notes 
or Subordinated Notes and (ii) the Issuer publicly announces that the consummation of the acquisition 
of the Targeted Company, as defined in the relevant Final Terms, is not pursued or the completion of the 
acquisition has not occurred on or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date, the Issuer will have the 
option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole 
only, at the Optional Redemption Amount together with (x) in respect of Unsubordinated Notes, any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption and (y) in respect of Subordinated Notes, any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest 
Amounts thereon) as provided in Condition 6(l).
As provided in Condition 6(l), if an Accounting Event occurs on or after the Issue Date and the Issuer 
decides to exercise its option to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the early redemption price on the 
Subordinated Notes will be different whether such Accounting Event occurs prior to, or on or after, the 
Accounting Event Cut-Off Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. Similarly, and as provided in 
Condition 6(m), if a Rating Event occurs on or after the Issue Date and the Issuer decides to exercise its 
option to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the early redemption price on the Subordinated Notes will be 
different whether such Rating Event occurs prior to, or on or after, the Rating Event Cut-Off Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Furthermore, in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of 
any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by the country of domicile (or residence for tax purposes) by the Issuer, or on behalf of France, 
or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer 
may or, with respect to Unsubordinated Notes only, in certain circumstances shall, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
A53735255
33
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s option, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when 
prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. 
During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may feature a 
market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In such circumstances an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective 
interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes.
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing 
the Notes and could have significant impact on the Noteholders. 
Put Option or Change of Control Put Option
Exercise of Put Option as provided in Condition 6(g) or Change of Control Put Option as provided in 
Condition 6(k)(i) in respect of certain Unsubordinated Notes may affect the liquidity of the 
Unsubordinated Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised.
Depending on the number of Unsubordinated Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option 
or the Change of Control Put Option provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading 
market in respect of those Unsubordinated Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may 
become illiquid and holders of Unsubordinated Notes may lose part of their investments.
2.4
Risk Factors relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), the Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation Linked Notes 
are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined interest payments and/or in respect of which 
the principal is indexed. Interest amounts and/or principal will be dependent upon the performance of 
either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the 
“CPI”), as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (“INSEE”), or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco, or the 
relevant substitute index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding 
tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) (each an “Inflation Index” and 
together, the “Inflation Indices”). If the value of the relevant index calculated at anytime prior to the 
Maturity Date is lower than the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Unsubordinated 
Notes or at the time of purchase by the holders of Unsubordinated Notes, then the amount of interest 
payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Holders of 
Unsubordinated Notes may receive no interest. However, if the nominal amount to be repaid at maturity 
is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes will be redeemed at par.
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication 
of future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes.
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or 
Eurostat, as the case may be, and the INSEE or Eurostat, makes no warranty or representation 
whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of any of the Inflation 
Indices and/or the figure at which such indices stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices are 
determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard to 
the Issuer or the Unsubordinated Notes. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, is not responsible 
for or has not participated in the determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the Inflation 
Linked Notes to be issued or in the determination or calculation of the interest payable under such 
Unsubordinated Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
A53735255
34
The above-factors could materially and adversely affect the liquidity of the Unsubordinated Notes and 
investors could lose all or part or part of their investment.
2.5
Risk Factors relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes
Unsubordinated Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”) may be issued under the Programme. 
RMB Notes contain particular risks for potential investors.
Renminbi is not freely convertible and may adversely affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes.
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the People’s Republic of China 
(the ‘‘PRC Government’’) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, 
including the U.S. dollar, despite the significant reduction over the years by the PRC government of its 
control over routine foreign exchange transactions under current accounts. This may affect the liquidity 
of the RMB Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service RMB Notes.
Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the purposes of capital account items, such as 
capital contributions, debt financing and securities investments, is generally only permitted upon 
obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are adjusted from time to time 
to match the policies of the PRC Government.
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International 
Monetary Fund in 2016, and the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and the Ministry of Commerce of 
the People’s Republic of China have implemented policies for further improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies, there is a risk that the PRC 
Government will not continue to gradually liberalise the control over cross-border remittance of 
Renminbi in the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will be discontinued 
or that new regulations in the PRC will be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting 
or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be 
repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the 
PRC and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes.
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the RMB 
Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes.
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. In efforts to internationalise the Renminbi, the 
PBoC has established Renminbi clearing and settlement systems for participating banks in various 
countries through settlement agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions 
(each, a “Renminbi Clearing Bank”) in a number of financial centres and cities, has established the 
Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and is 
in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions 
(the “Settlement Arrangements”).
However, the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as restrictions on the types of transactions for such cross-border 
Renminbi settlement. Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi 
liquidity support from PBoC, although the PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the 
PRC’s onshore inter-bank market for the purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks 
have limited access to onshore liquidity support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions

--- Page 35 ---
A53735255
35
of its relevant participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square for 
participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion 
services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above 
channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions.
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is a risk that new PRC regulations will be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will be terminated 
or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi offshore. The 
limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes. To the 
extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its RMB Notes, there 
is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should 
the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as U.S. dollar, to respect its payment obligations under 
the RMB Notes, the relevant holders of Unsubordinated Notes may lose part of their investment when 
converting such currency back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
As a result, holders of Unsubordinated Notes may receive a lower income on their investments in the 
Unsubordinated Notes or lose all or part of their investment.
2.6
Risk Factors relating to Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The issue price of any specific Series of Notes will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes 
may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. The market values of 
securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more 
in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Notes and Noteholders could lose part of 
their investment.
3
Risk Factors relating to the market generally
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche 
is to be consolidated with and form a single Series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If 
the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions 
and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although in relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, the Final Terms of the Notes will be filed with the AMF in Paris where the Notes will 
be listed and admitted to trading, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be so listed and admitted or 
an active trading market may not develop. Accordingly, the development or liquidity of any trading 
market for any particular Tranche of Notes remains uncertain. As a consequence, investors may not be 
able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable them to realise their anticipated yield and as a 
result, investors could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.
Market Value of the Notes
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of 
additional factors, including the value of an index, including, but not limited to, the volatility of an index, 
market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date.

--- Page 36 ---
A53735255
36
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris.
The value of the Notes or the Inflation Indices depends on a number of interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial and political events in France, in the United Kingdom (including Brexit) or 
elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the 
Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be 
at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
Noteholder and result in losing part of their investment in the Notes. The historical level of the Inflation 
Index should not be taken as an indication of such index’s future performance during the term of any 
Note.
Exchange Rates risks and exchange controls
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. An investment in the Notes may 
involve exchange rate risks. The reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other 
than the currency of the purchaser’s home jurisdiction; and/or the reference assets or the Notes may be 
denominated in a currency other than the currency in which a purchaser wishes to receive funds. 
Exchange rates between currencies are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international 
currency markets which are influenced by macro-economic factors, speculation and central bank and 
government intervention (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). Fluctuations 
in exchange rates may affect the value of the Notes or the reference assets.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If this risk ever materialises, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all.

--- Page 37 ---
A53735255
37
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the pages identified in the cross-
reference table below of the following documents which have been previously filed with the AMF as competent 
authority in France for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
(A)
the pages referred to in the table below which are included in the Issuer's 2023 audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2023 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by the European Union and published in the French language on 29 February 2024 (the “2023 
Consolidated Financial Statements”),
(https://www.arkema.com/files/live/sites/shared_arkema/files/downloads/investorrelations/fr/finance/ar
kema-etats-financiers-consolides-2023.pdf);
(B)
the pages referred to in the table below which are included in the Issuer’s 2022 Document 
d’Enregistrement Universel in the French language, filed with the AMF under no. D.23-0171 on 28 
March 2023 (the “2022 Universal Registration Document”), which includes the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by the European Union,
(https://www.arkema.com/files/live/sites/shared_arkema/files/downloads/investorrelations/fr/finance/A
RK2022_ARKEMA_URD_FR_MEL_2023_03_27.pdf); 
(C)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
19 December 2014, 
https://www.arkema.com/export/sites/global/.content/medias/downloads/investorrelations/en/finance/a
rkema-base-prospectus-emtn-december-2014.pdf (the “2014 EMTN Conditions”);
(D)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
25 November 2016, 
https://www.arkema.com/export/sites/global/.content/medias/downloads/investorrelations/en/finance/a
rkema-2016-base-prospectus.pdf (the “2016 EMTN Conditions”);
(E)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
12 December 2018, 
https://www.arkema.com/export/sites/global/.content/medias/downloads/investorrelations/en/finance/a
rkema-12.12.2018-base-prospectus-emtn-programme.pdf (the “2018 EMTN Conditions”); 
(F)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 January 
2020, 
https://www.arkema.com/files/live/sites/shared_arkema/files/downloads/investorrelations/en/finance/ar
kema-2020-emtn-programme_base-prospectus_final-version.pdf (the “2020 EMTN Conditions”);
(G)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 6 May 2022, 
https://www.arkema.com/files/live/sites/shared_arkema/files/downloads/investorrelations/en/finance/A
rkema%202022%20EMTN%20Progr._Base%20Prospectus%20(final%20pdf%20with%20AMF%20a
pproval%20number).pdf (the “2022 EMTN Conditions”); and
(H)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 April 2023,
https://www.arkema.com/files/live/sites/shared_arkema/files/downloads/investorrelations/fr/finance/Ar
kema%202023%20EMTN%20Progr._Base%20Prospectus%20(with%20approval).pdf 
(the 
“2023 
EMTN Conditions” and, together with the 2014 EMTN Conditions, the 2016 EMTN Conditions, the

--- Page 38 ---
A53735255
38
2018 EMTN Conditions and the 2020 EMTN Conditions and the 2023 Conditions, the “EMTN 
Previous Conditions”).
Such pages and document shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus.
The availability of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus is described in 
section “General Information” under paragraph (10) “Documents available”.
The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and are either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.
The English translations of the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2022 Universal Registration 
Document are available on the website of the Issuer (www.arkema.com). Such English translations are available 
for information purposes only and are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and may not be 
relied upon.
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference, the information on the websites to 
which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the AMF.
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the following cross-reference table (in which the 
numbering refers to the relevant items of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation (the “Commission Delegated 
Regulation”).
For the avoidance of doubt, “Not applicable” in the cross-reference table below means that the information is 
not relevant for the purposes of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation.
Items of such Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation which are not listed in the cross-reference 
table below are also not relevant because they are included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
However, the information set out in the sections “Description of Arkema” and “Recent Developments” can 
complete, modify or supersede the information incorporated by reference. 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended
2023 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(audited) 
2022 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
(audited) 
1.
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE, THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, 
EXPERTS' 
REPORTS 
AND 
COMPETENT 
AUTHORITY 
APPROVAL 
2.
STATUTORY AUDITORS

--- Page 39 ---
A53735255
39
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended
2023 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(audited) 
2022 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
(audited) 
3.
RISK FACTORS
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to the issuer and that 
may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the securities, 
in a limited number of categories, in a section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of the issuer, 
offeror or person asking for admission to trading on a regulated market, 
taking into account the negative impact on the issuer and the probability of 
their occurrence, shall be set out first. The risk factors shall be corroborated 
by the content of the registration document. 
Pages 70 to 83 
4.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
4.1.1
The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
Page 374 
4.1.2
The place of registration of the issuer and its registration number and legal 
entity identifier (‘LEI’) 
Page 374 
4.1.3
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, except where 
the period is indefinite 
Page 374 
4.1.4
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under which the 
issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, telephone number 
of its registered office (or principal place of business if different from its 
registered office) and website of the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that 
the information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus 
Page 374 
4.1.5
Any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a material extent 
relevant to the evaluation of the issuer's solvency 
Page 16 
Pages 293 and 
341 
5.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
5.1 
Principal activities 
5.1.1
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating the main 
categories of products sold and/or services performed. 
Pages 4 to 7 and 
55 to 65 
5.1.2
The basis for any statements in the registration document made by the 
issuer regarding its competitive position. 
Pages 55 to 65 
6.
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and the 
issuer’s position within the group. This may be in the form of, or 
accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational structure if this helps to 
clarify the structure. 
Pages 375 to 376

--- Page 40 ---
A53735255
40
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended
2023 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(audited) 
2022 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
(audited) 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within the group, this must be 
clearly stated together with an explanation of this dependence. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
7.
TREND INFORMATION 
8.
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
9.
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY 
BODIES
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the following 
persons and an indication of the principal activities performed by them 
outside of that issuer where these are significant with respect to that issuer: 
(a)
members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies; 
(b)
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
Pages 38 to 39 
and pages 97 to 
110 
Not applicable 
9.2. 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuer, of the 
persons referred to in item 9.1, and their private interests and or other duties 
must be clearly stated.  
In the event that there are no such conflicts, a statement to that effect must 
be made. 
Page 110 
10.
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is directly or 
indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and describe the nature of 
such control and describe the measures in place to ensure that such control 
is not abused. 
Page 382 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the operation of 
which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the issuer. 
Not applicable 
11.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES
11.1 
Historical Financial Information  
11.1.1 
Historical financial information covering the latest two financial years (at 
least 24 months) or such shorter period as the issuer has been in operation 
and the audit report in respect of each year. 
Pages 3 to 70 
Pages 287 to 345 
11.1.2 
Change of accounting reference date 
Not applicable 
Not applicable

--- Page 41 ---
A53735255
41
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended
2023 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(audited) 
2022 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
(audited) 
If the issuer has changed its accounting reference date during the period for 
which historical financial information is required, the audited historical 
financial information shall cover at least 24 months, or the entire period for 
which the issuer has been in operation, whichever is shorter. 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to International 
Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the financial statements 
must be prepared according to: 
(a)
a Member State’s national accounting standards for issuers from 
the EEA as required by Directive 2013/34/EU; 
(b)
a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent to 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for third country issuers. 
Otherwise the following information must be included in the registration 
document: 
(a)
a prominent statement that the financial information included in 
the registration document has not been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in 
the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and that there 
may be material differences in the financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical 
financial information; 
(b)
immediately following the historical financial information a 
narrative description of the differences between Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the accounting 
principles adopted by the issuer in preparing its annual financial 
statements. 
Pages 16 to 17 
Pages 293-294 
11.1.4 
Where the audited financial information is prepared according to national 
accounting standards, the financial information must include at least the 
following: 
(a)  the balance sheet; 
(b)  the income statement; 
(c)  the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document. 
Pages 10 to 70 
Pages 287 to 345

--- Page 42 ---
A53735255
42
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended
2023 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(audited) 
2022 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
(audited) 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information may 
not be older than 18 months from the date of the registration document 
Page 12 
11.2 
Auditing of Historical financial information 
11.2.1 
A statement that the historical financial information has been audited.  
Pages 3 to 9 
Pages 283 to 286 
11.2.1
a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial information have been 
refused by the statutory auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the reason 
must be given, and such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.2.
2 
An indication of other information in the registration document which has 
been audited by the auditors. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.2.
3 
Where financial information in the registration document is not extracted 
from the issuer’s audited financial statements state the source of the data 
and state that the data is not audited. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
11.3.
1 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 
months which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects 
on the issuer and/or group’s financial position or profitability, or provide 
an appropriate negative statement. 
Pages 54 to 56 
Pages 74 to 75 
11.4 
Significant change in the issuer’s financial or trading position 
11.4.1 
A description of any significant change in the financial position of the 
group which has occurred since the end of the last financial period for 
which either audited financial information or interim financial information 
have been published, or provide an appropriate negative statement. 
12.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS
12.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered into in the 
ordinary course of the issuer’s business, which could result in any group 
member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to security holders in respect of the 
securities being issued. 
Page 67 
13.
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE

--- Page 43 ---
A53735255
43
Any information not listed above but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for 
information purposes only and shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued with 
the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions.
EMTN Previous Conditions
2014 EMTN Conditions
Pages 25 to 59 of the base prospectus dated 
19 December 2014
2016 EMTN Conditions
Pages 26 to 59 of the base prospectus dated 
25 November 2016
2018 EMTN Conditions
Pages 31 to 69 of the base prospectus dated 
12 December 2018
2020 EMTN Conditions
Pages 52 to 97 of the base prospectus dated 28 January 
2020
2022 EMTN Conditions
Pages 32 to 94 of the base prospectus dated 6 May 
2022
2023 EMTN Conditions
Pages 34 to 99 of the base prospectus dated 26 April 
2023

--- Page 44 ---
A53735255
44
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to provisions of Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market for a Member State of the EEA or offered to 
the public in a Member State of the EEA, shall constitute (only in respect of an appropriate supplement to the 
Base Prospectus) a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from 
this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching 
to the Notes, and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each 
Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto or replacement Base Prospectus as such Dealer may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 45 ---
A53735255
45
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted 
by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Unsubordinated Notes issued as 
Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of 
the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion 
of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme.
All capitalised terms are defined in these Conditions and those which are not will have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms.
An agency agreement dated 8 March 2024 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) has been agreed between Arkema (“Arkema” or the “Issuer”), Uptevia as fiscal agent and the 
other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent 
and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, 
the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Redenomination Agent”, the 
“Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised 
Notes, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, 
where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the “Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) 
and the holders of the receipts (the “Receipts”) for the payment of instalments of principal (the 
“Receiptholders”) relating to Materialised Notes of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed 
to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. In respect of Condition 
6(d), Uptevia will not act as Calculation Agent and the Issuer has appointed Aether Financial Services as an 
independent calculation agent (the “Make-Whole Calculation Agent”) in respect of such Condition. In respect 
of Materialised Notes (as defined below), Uptevia will not act as Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents or Calculation 
Agent and the Issuer will appoint any relevant agent (which will be specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below.
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended from time to time.
1
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination
(a)
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised 
form (other than Subordinated Notes) (“Materialised Notes”).
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”) by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be 
issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Final Terms”), in either bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), in which case they are inscribed 
in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) (“Euroclear France”) which shall credit 
the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter

--- Page 46 ---
A53735255
46
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration 
agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”).
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with French law unless such 
right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any financial intermediary institution 
entitled directly or indirectly to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and 
includes the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”).
Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer 
Notes”). Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions 
are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached.
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such as Notes) which are 
governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory.
(b)
Denomination(s):
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a Base 
Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other 
higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.
(c)
Title:
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only 
be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or of the Registration Agent.
(ii)
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), 
shall pass by delivery.
(iii)
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined 
below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder.
(iv)
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes”, “holder of any Note”, “holder of Subordinated Notes”, 
“holder of Unsubordinated Notes” or “Noteholder” means (i) in the case of Dematerialised

--- Page 47 ---
A53735255
47
Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case 
of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the Receipts, 
Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the 
relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable 
to the Notes.
(d)
Redenomination:
(i)
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30 
calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the 
European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from 
time to time (the “Treaty”)), or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects, 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series (as defined below) into Euro and 
adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes 
effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”.
(ii)
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
€0.01 (with €0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from 
conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes 
so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than €0.01 shall be paid by way 
of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest €0.01 (with €0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash 
adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to 
Noteholders by the Issuer.
(iii)
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro.
(iv)
In connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant 
to Condition 14, the Issuer may without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon but with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, 
any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into 
account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it 
believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as 
practicable thereafter.
(v)
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting

--- Page 48 ---
A53735255
48
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith.
2
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes
(a)
Dematerialised Notes:
(i)
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré).
(ii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur).
(iii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder.
(b)
Materialised Notes:
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Bearer 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. There will no Materialised Bearer Notes in respect of 
Subordinated Notes. 
3
Status of the Notes
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may be either unsubordinated (the “Unsubordinated Notes”) or, 
ordinary subordinated (the “Ordinary Subordinated Notes”) or deeply subordinated (the “Deeply 
Subordinated Notes”), in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Deeply Subordinated Notes 
and/or the Ordinary Subordinated Notes, the “Subordinated Notes”).
(a)
Unsubordinated Notes
The Unsubordinated Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4(a)) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and 
rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding.
(b)
Subordinated Notes
(i)
Ordinary Subordinated Notes
The Ordinary Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the 
French Code de commerce. The principal and interest and other amounts (including Arrears of 
Interest (as defined below) and/or Additional Interest Amounts (as defined below)) on the Ordinary 
Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations (as defined below) of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves 
and pari passu with all other present or future Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and shall rank 
in priority to Equity Securities, Deeply Subordinated Obligations, the titres participatifs issued by, 
and the prêts participatifs granted to, the Issuer, but shall be subordinated to Unsubordinated 
Obligations of, or issued by, the Issuer.

--- Page 49 ---
A53735255
49
For the purpose of these Conditions:
“Deeply Subordinated Obligations” means any Deeply Subordinated Notes1 or other Obligations 
or lowest ranking Obligations (engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Deeply Subordinated Notes.
“Obligations” means, in respect of any person, any financial obligation expressed to be assumed 
by or imposed on it under or arising as a result of any contract, agreement, guarantee, document, 
instrument, conduct or relationship or directly by law.
“Ordinary Subordinated Obligations” means any Obligations which constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present or future Ordinary Subordinated 
Obligations and in priority to the prêts participatifs granted to, and the titres participatifs issued 
by, the Issuer, Deeply Subordinated Obligations and Equity Securities but subordinated to 
Unsubordinated Obligations.
“Unsubordinated Obligations” means any Obligations which constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without 
preference or priority among themselves, pari passu with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
French law), and in priority to Ordinary Subordinated Obligations.
(ii)
Deeply Subordinated Notes
The Deeply Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the 
French Code de commerce. The principal and interest and other amounts (including Arrears of 
Interest (as defined below) and/or Additional Interest Amounts (as defined below)) on the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and Deeply Subordinated 
Obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with 
all other present or future Deeply Subordinated Obligations and shall rank in priority to Equity 
Securities but shall be subordinated to the titres participatifs issued by, and the prêts participatifs
granted to, the Issuer, to Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and to Unsubordinated Obligations of 
or issued by the Issuer.
(iii)
Payment on the Subordinated Notes in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer
If any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer 
(cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the opening of a judicial recovery procedure 
(redressement judiciaire), or in the event of the voluntary dissolution of the Issuer, or if the Issuer 
is liquidated for any other reason (and in all cases listed above, other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency 
whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes), 
the payments of the creditors of the Issuer shall be made in the following order of priority (in each 
case subject to the payment in full of priority creditors):
1 
For information purposes only, the Deeply Subordinated Notes include, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Euro 400,000,000 Undated 
Deeply Subordinated Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 17 June 2019 (ISIN: FR0013425170) and the Euro 300,000,000 Undated Deeply 
Subordinated Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 21 January 2020 (ISIN: FR0013478252).

--- Page 50 ---
A53735255
50
(i)
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including creditors of Unsubordinated Obligations 
(such as the Unsubordinated Notes));
(ii) ordinary subordinated creditors of the Issuer (including creditors of Ordinary 
Subordinated Obligations (such as the Ordinary Subordinated Notes));
(iii) lenders in relation to prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer;
(iv) holders of titres participatifs issued by the Issuer; and
(v) deeply subordinated creditors of the Issuer (including creditors of Deeply Subordinated 
Obligations (such as the Deeply Subordinated Notes)).
For such purposes, the rights of the holders of Subordinated Notes will be calculated on the basis 
of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes together with any accrued interest on such 
principal amount and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amount thereon).
In the event of liquidation of the Issuer, the Ordinary Subordinated Notes shall rank in priority to 
any payments to the holders of titres participatifs issued by the Issuer, the lenders in relation to 
prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, the deeply subordinated creditors of the Issuer, and to 
holders of Equity Securities.
In the event of liquidation of the Issuer, the Deeply Subordinated Notes shall rank in priority only 
to any payments to holders of Equity Securities.
In the event of incomplete payment of unsubordinated creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with any present or future Subordinated Obligations (including the Ordinary 
Subordinated Notes and the Deeply Subordinated Notes) shall be terminated.
“Equity Securities” means (a) the ordinary shares (actions ordinaires) of the Issuer and (b) any 
other class of the Issuer’s share capital (including preference shares (actions de préférence)).
“Subordinated Obligations” means Ordinary Subordinated Obligations and/or Deeply 
Subordinated Obligations. 
The Subordinated Notes may be either dated with a fixed maturity date (the “Dated Subordinated 
Notes”) or undated with no fixed maturity date (“Undated Subordinated Notes”).
(iv)
Prohibition of set-off
Subject to applicable law, no holder of Subordinated Notes may exercise, claim or plead any right 
of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect 
of, or arising under or in connection with any Subordinated Notes and each holder of Subordinated 
Notes shall, by virtue of its holding of any Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off, compensation or retention.
4
Negative Pledge
(a)
Unsubordinated Notes
So long as any of the Unsubordinated Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, 
remain outstanding (as defined below), the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its Principal 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge (other 
than a lien arising by operation of law) or other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) (“Security”) 
upon any of their respective assets or revenues, present or future, to secure (i) any Relevant Debt (as 
defined below) or (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt unless, at the same

--- Page 51 ---
A53735255
51
time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the Unsubordinated Notes (a) are equally and rateably 
secured therewith or (b) have the benefit of such other security or other arrangement as shall be approved 
by the Masse (as defined in Condition 11) pursuant to Condition 11.
(b)
Subordinated Notes
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes.
(c)
Definitions
For the purposes of the Conditions:
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those 
that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption monies (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the 
date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of 
Notes which are Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant 
Account Holders on behalf of the holder of Notes as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of Notes 
which are Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in 
Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Unsubordinated Notes which are Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal 
Agent and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Unsubordinated Notes 
which are Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have 
become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased 
and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Unsubordinated Notes which are 
Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been surrendered 
in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how 
many such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect 
of which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global 
Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes, pursuant to its provisions.
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of, or 
represented by, bonds or notes (obligations) or other debt securities (including titres de créances 
négociables), issued by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, which are for the time being, or 
are capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-
counter market or other securities market.
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person or entity at any time, any other person or entity controlled 
directly or indirectly by such person or entity within the meaning of Articles L.233-1 and L.233-3 of the 
French Code de commerce.
“Principal Subsidiary” means, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose capital employed 
represents more than five per cent. (5%) of the consolidated capital employed of the Group or whose 
turnover represents more than five per cent. (5%) of the consolidated turnover of the Group.
“Capital employed” means the capital employed calculated by aggregating the net carrying amounts of 
intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, equity affiliate investments and loans, other 
investments, other non-current assets (excluding deferred tax assets) and working capital.
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

--- Page 52 ---
A53735255
52
5
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below:
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or the 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and 
which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case 
may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate);
(ii)
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, 
as the case may be; or (if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged);
(iii)
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate.
“Alternative Mid-Swap Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(b) and which is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Subordinated Notes.
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b) and which is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d).
“Benchmark Event” means:
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 53 ---
A53735255
53
(v)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate,
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the 
date of the relevant public statement.
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system (the “T2”) is open for the settlement of payments in euro 
(a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or
(ii)
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any); and/or
(iii)
in the case of a specified currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or
(iv)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” or “Act/Act” or “Act/Act (ISDA)” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 – FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator 
is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 – FBF shall mean the sum 
of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the non-
leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of 
actual calendar days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366;
(iii)
if “Actual/Actual – FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each calculation, 
the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period 
and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period);
(iv)
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of

--- Page 54 ---
A53735255
54
(x) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(B)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:

the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and

the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year,
in each case where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the Interest Payment Date;
(v)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365;
(vi)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360;
(vii)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
DAY COUNT FRACTION= 
[360 × (Y2-Y1)]+[30 × (M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and
(viii)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 55 ---
A53735255
55
DAY COUNT FRACTION= 
[360 × (Y2-Y1)]+[30 × (M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(ix)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
DAY COUNT FRACTION= 
[360 × (Y2-Y1)]+[30 × (M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to 
time.

--- Page 56 ---
A53735255
56
“FBF” means the Fédération Bancaire Française.
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the June 2013/2007 FBF Master Agreement relating 
to transactions on forward financial instruments and the technical schedules (additifs techniques) 
published from time to time by the FBF, as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date.
“First Reset Date” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms provided, however, 
that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if none, (x) in respect of Dated Subordinated Notes, the Maturity Date or (y) in 
respect of Undated Subordinated Notes, the date on which such Undated Subordinated Notes are 
redeemed, if any.
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the Mid-Swap Rate for the First Reset Period and the 
Initial Margin.
“Initial Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C)(a) and/or Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a).
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date.
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be.
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period or 
the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling (and in such case only if the relevant Reference Rate is not 
SONIA) or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro and if the relevant Reference Rate is not SONIA or (iv) (where SONIA is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms) the fifth London Business Day (or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the last day of each Interest Accrual Period.
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and

--- Page 57 ---
A53735255
57
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date.
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date.
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, for any Reset Period, the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day 
count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which 
transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
(ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on 
the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent).
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate.
“Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to holders of Subordinated Notes 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or
(ii)
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Mid-Swap Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, 
as the case may be; or 
(iii)
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate.
“Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(d).
“Mid-Swap Benchmark Event” means:
(i)
the Original Mid-Swap Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Mid-Swap Rate permanently or indefinitely (in

--- Page 58 ---
A53735255
58
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Mid-Swap Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, that the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Mid-Swap Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Mid-Swap Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Subordinated Notes; or
(v)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any holder of the Subordinated Notes using the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate,
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Mid-Swap Benchmark Event shall 
occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, the discontinuation of 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may 
be, and not the date of the relevant public statement.
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR or such other reference rate as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period, the mid-swap rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency:
(i)
with a term equal to such Reset Period; and
(ii)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at approximately the Relevant Screen Page Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
“Original Mid-Swap Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Subordinated Notes as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Subordinated Notes as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms.
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the principal offices of five 
major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate).
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 59 ---
A53735255
59
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable:
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service).
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any 
successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service).
“RMB Note” means an Unsubordinated Note denominated in Renminbi.
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent Reset Date, 
as applicable.
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms provided, however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a 
Business Day, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.
“Reset Period” means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as applicable.
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
“Subsequent Reset Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date.
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the Initial Margin together with any Subsequent Step-Up Margin applicable 
to this Subsequent Reset Period .
“Subsequent Step-Up Margin” means each percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
“Successor Mid-Swap Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more 
than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is the most 
appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes and the nature of the Issuer.

--- Page 60 ---
A53735255
60
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent 
Adviser shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is the most appropriate, taking 
into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer.
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
(b)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Resettable Notes: 
(i)
Fixed Rate Notes:
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date.
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(ii)
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes:
(A)
Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes: If a Subordinated Note is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as Fixed Rate Resettable (“Fixed Rate Resettable Notes”), it will bear 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount at a Rate of Interest which will initially be a 
fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided below:
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be as follows:
(1)
For each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of 
Interest;
(2)
For each Interest Period falling in the First Reset Period, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest; and
(3)
For each Interest Period falling in any Subsequent Reset Period(s) thereafter, the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Period(s).
(B)
Fallback provisions for Fixed Rate Resettable Notes:
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the Reset Determination Date in question.
If on any Reset Determination Date, at least three of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest)

--- Page 61 ---
A53735255
61
and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) plus the Initial Margin together with any 
Subsequent Step-Up Margin applicable to the relevant Reset Period, as the case may be, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.
If on any Reset Determination Date only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period will 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided plus the Initial Margin 
together with any Subsequent Step-Up Margin applicable to the relevant Reset Period , as the case may 
be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period will 
be the relevant quotation provided plus the Initial Margin together with any Subsequent Step-Up Margin 
applicable to the relevant Reset Period , as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, shall be the Rate of Interest as at the last 
preceding Reset Date or, if none, the Initial Rate of Interest.
However, notwithstanding the above, in the case of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event, Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C) below shall apply.
(C)
Benchmark discontinuation for Fixed Rate Resettable Notes:
(a)
Independent Adviser
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate when 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(b)) and, in either case, a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread if any 
(in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(c)) and any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(d)).
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith, manifest error or 
fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, or the holders of Subordinated Notes for any determination made by it, pursuant 
to this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C). 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(a) prior to the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, the Mid-Swap Rate applicable for the relevant Reset 
Period will be equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C), no Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Mid-
Swap Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any other related Mid-Swap Benchmark

--- Page 62 ---
A53735255
62
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to (i) result in a reduction of the amount of "equity credit" 
assigned to the Subordinated Notes by any Rating Agency when compared to the "equity 
credit" assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to the occurrence of the 
relevant Mid-Swap Benchmark Event from such Rating Agency or (ii) otherwise prejudice 
the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for “equity credit” from any Rating Agency.
(b)
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate
If the Independent Adviser, determines that:
(i)
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(c)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)); or
(ii)
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but that there is an Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, then such Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(c)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Subordinated Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C)). 
(c)
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the 
case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread shall be applied 
to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be).
(d)
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) and the Independent 
Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and/or 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(e), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of Subordinated Notes, 
vary these Conditions to give effect to such Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with 
this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange 
on which the Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(e)
Notices

--- Page 63 ---
A53735255
63
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving 
such information from the Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the Masse (if any) and, in accordance 
with Condition 15, the holders of Subordinated Notes. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Mid-Swap Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and, 
where applicable, the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or the specific terms of 
the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the holders of Subordinated Notes.
(f)
Survival of Original Mid-Swap Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(b)(ii)(C)(a), (b), (c) 
and (d), the Original Mid-Swap Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C) will continue to apply unless and until a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event has 
occurred.
This Condition 5(b)(ii) is only applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes:
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
(except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention

--- Page 64 ---
A53735255
64
is to be applied on an “unadjusted” basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be 
affected by the application of the Business Day Convention.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
(A)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent for a 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under 
which:
(a)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(b)
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date is the first calendar day of that 
Interest Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate” (Taux Variable), “Floating 
Rate Determination Date” (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and “Transaction” 
(Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions.
(B)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which:
(a)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(b)
the designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(c)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
(a)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either:

--- Page 65 ---
A53735255
65
(i)
the offered quotation or
(ii)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 
(i) 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or (ii) if otherwise, the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations.
(b)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, (i) if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, or (ii) if otherwise, each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent.
(c)
If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, 
if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time), or, if otherwise, at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-bank market, or, if

--- Page 66 ---
A53735255
66
otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).
(d)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:
CMS Rate + Margin
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; (ii) if at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations) and (iii) if on 
any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with the then prevailing standard market 
practice.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d):
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is U.S. 
dollar, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New 
York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 67 ---
A53735255
67
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to a Reference Currency, the 
financial centre specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Specified Time” and “Relevant Screen 
Page” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms.
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:
(i)
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
(the “ISDA Definitions”)) with a designated maturity determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the then prevailing standard market 
practice or the ISDA Definitions;
(ii)
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 
(Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one 
year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one 
year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a designated maturity of three 
months;
(iii)
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollar, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a 
fixed-for-floating U.S. dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity of three months; and

--- Page 68 ---
A53735255
68
(iv)
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms.
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.
(e)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the €STR rate of 
interest determination method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “€STR 
Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
could be either €STR Lookback Compound or €STR Shift Compound as follows:
(x) if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be €STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(y) if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be €STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any);
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e):
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
Where:
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“d0” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling 
“p” TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first

--- Page 69 ---
A53735255
69
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, 
the last TARGET Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period;
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified in the Final Terms; 
and
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period.
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
independent other party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
(∏(1 + €STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑
Where:
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of TARGET Business Days in 
the relevant Observation Period;
“€STRi” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR in respect of that TARGET Business Day “i”;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the 
last TARGET Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period;
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET Business Day (“i+1”);
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of TARGET Business Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of TARGET Business Days

--- Page 70 ---
A53735255
70
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period; and
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of TARGET Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, 
the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in 
respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below).
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, then the rate of €STR for each relevant 
TARGET Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were to the ECB Recommended 
Rate.
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day 
occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each 
relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after that ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above (the “€STR Replacement 
Rate”), will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes.
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), (i) the Rate of 
Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET 
Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were 
references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is 
published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the 
Modified EDFR; or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date 
and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, 
as if the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR 
(though, in each case, substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the

--- Page 71 ---
A53735255
71
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period).
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), including any determination 
with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, 
(ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) sole discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner, and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), no €STR Replacement Rate will be adopted 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), and the €STR Replacement Rate 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last €STR available, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms).
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e):
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms);

--- Page 72 ---
A53735255
72
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms):
(1)
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or
(2)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate;
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect 
of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the 
ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms);
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) No. 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), 
as amended from time to time;
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank;
“EDFR Spread” means:
(1)
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first TARGET Business Day following the €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the

--- Page 73 ---
A53735255
73
thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately preceding 
the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; 
or
(2)
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred;
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks 
located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) 
(or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), 
such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day;
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms):
(1)
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or
(2)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR;
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other

--- Page 74 ---
A53735255
74
independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms);
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread;
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(f)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR Benchmark, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be equal 
to the relevant SOFR Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date. 
The “SOFR Benchmark” will be determined based on Simple SOFR Average, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR Index, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “SOFR Rate of Interest Determination”), as follows:
(x)
if Simple SOFR Average (“Simple SOFR Average”) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the SOFR Benchmark will 
be determined, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR reference rates for each day 
during the period, as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), and where the SOFR reference rate on the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest 
Period Date.
(y)
if Compounded Daily SOFR (“Compounded Daily SOFR”) is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the SOFR Benchmark 
will be determined, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be equal to the compounded average of daily SOFR reference rates 
for each day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period (where SOFR 
Lag, SOFR Payment Delay or SOFR Lockout is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms to determine Compounded Daily SOFR) or the 
SOFR Observation Period (where SOFR Observation Shift is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms to determine Compounded Daily 
SOFR).
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with one of the

--- Page 75 ---
A53735255
75
formulas referenced below depending upon which is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(i) SOFR Lag:
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 −×𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where:
“SOFRi-xUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling the number of 
Lookback Days prior to that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i);
“Lookback Days” means such number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day from 
(and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i)”); and
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.
(ii)
SOFR Observation Shift:
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where:
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate 
for that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i);
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the number of 
SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest

--- Page 76 ---
A53735255
76
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period;
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period;
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each U.S. Government Securities Business Day from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i)”); and
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.
(iii)
SOFR Payment Delay:
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i);
“Interest Payment Date” shall be the number of Interest Payment Delay 
Days following each Interest Period Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the relevant Optional Redemption Date;
“Interest Payment Delay Days” means the number of Business Days as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day

--- Page 77 ---
A53735255
77
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i)”); and
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
For the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SOFR with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period where SOFR Payment Delay is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR reference rate for each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, shall be the SOFR 
reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date.
(iv)
SOFR Lockout:
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), except that the SOFR 
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in respect of the 
period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Interest Accrual Period Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the SOFR reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date;
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i)”); and
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.

--- Page 78 ---
A53735255
78
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for the 
purposes of Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(x) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(y):
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen 
designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service;
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the reference rate determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party responsible with appropriate expertise and international 
repute for the calculation of the rate of interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) in accordance with the following provision:
(i)
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time as such reference rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page; the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published at the SOFR Determination Time as 
such reference rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=; 
or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;
(ii)
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the SOFR 
reference rate shall be the reference rate published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website; or
(iii)
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set 
forth in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(aa) shall apply;
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day.
(z)
if Compounded SOFR Index (“Compounded SOFR Index”) is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR Benchmark for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the compounded average of daily 
SOFR reference rates for each day during the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for

--- Page 79 ---
A53735255
79
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as follows:
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
)
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where:
“SOFR Index” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at the SOFR Index Determination Time on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, provided that: 
(a)
if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the “SOFR Index” shall be 
calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with the Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR 
formula 
described 
above 
in 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(y)(ii) “SOFR Observation Shift”, and the term 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” shall mean 5 U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days; or
(b)
if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(aa) shall apply;
“SOFR IndexEnd” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms prior to the Interest Period Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, 
the Maturity Date); 
“SOFR IndexStart” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Index Determination Time” means, in respect of a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, approximately 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the number of 
SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period;

--- Page 80 ---
A53735255
80
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the applicable SOFR 
Observation Period.
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for so 
long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for purpose of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f):
“Alternate Agent” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer;
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(currently, 
being 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-averages-and-index), or 
any successor source;
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” means the Benchmark Replacement 
Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark; 
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Transition Event with respect to the then-current Benchmark;
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(aa)
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f), if the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates.
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f), including any determination 
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or

--- Page 81 ---
A53735255
81
refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent, as 
applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from the Noteholders or any other party.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f), if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), no Benchmark Replacement will be adopted by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the Benchmark Replacement 
will be SOFR determined as of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for 
purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, the relevant SOFR Benchmark specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; provided that if the Calculation Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the relevant 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement;
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), 
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with

--- Page 82 ---
A53735255
82
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or
(iii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing 
that the Benchmark is no longer representative or has been or will 
be prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally 
or with respect to the Notes;
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:
(i)
the sum of: 
(a)
the alternate reference rate that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation 
thereof); and 
(b)
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
(ii)
the sum of: 
(a)
the ISDA Fallback Rate; and 
(b)
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or
(iii)
the sum of: 
(a)
the alternate reference rate that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof) giving due 
consideration 
to 
any 
industry-accepted 
reference rate as a replacement for the then-
current Benchmark (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation 
thereof) for U.S. dollar-denominated Floating 
Rate Notes at such time; and 
(b)
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 83 ---
A53735255
83
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:
(i)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;
(ii)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or
(iii)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of 
the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof) with the applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
for 
U.S. 
dollar-
denominated Floating Rate Notes at such time;
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect 
to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) the Calculation Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Alternate Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Alternate Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent determines is reasonably necessary acting in good faith and in a 
commercial manner);
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
any daily published component used in the calculation thereof):
(i)
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of:
(x)
the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein; and

--- Page 84 ---
A53735255
84
(y)
the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or
(ii)
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the 
Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or 
any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment;
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (1) if the Benchmark is the SOFR Benchmark, the SOFR 
Determination Time (where Simple SOFR Average or Compounded Daily 
SOFR is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or SOFR 
Index Determination Time (where Compounded SOFR Index is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), or (2) if the Benchmark is not 
the SOFR Benchmark, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Alternate Agent after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
(g)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the SONIA rate of

--- Page 85 ---
A53735255
85
interest determination method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “SONIA Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined could be either SONIA Compounded Index Rate or SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows: 
(x)
SONIA Compounded Index Rate
If SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, be the 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate as follows, plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any).
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g)(x):
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual 
Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards,
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
−1) × (365
𝑑)
provided, however, that if the SONIA Compounded Index Value is not 
available in relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page for the determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded 
IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated for such Interest Accrual Period on the basis of the SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(g)(y) as if SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate with 
Observation Shift had been specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
“Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback 
Screen Page” as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
Where:
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period;
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 86 ---
A53735255
86
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date which is “p” 
London Business Days prior to the Issue Date) and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling 
“p” London Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable);
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period the whole number specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five 
London Business Days) representing a number of London Business Days;
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA 
Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England (or any 
successor administrator thereof);
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the date falling 
“p” London Business Days prior to (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period, or (ii) in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Issue 
Date;
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value on the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to (i) in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) if the Notes become due and payable prior 
to the end of an Interest Accrual Period, the date on which the Notes 
become so due and payable; and
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means in relation to any London 
Business Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published 
by authorised distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such London 
Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be 
obtained from such authorised distributors, as published on the Bank of 
England’s Website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of 
publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) on such London Business 
Day.
(y)
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate
If SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be 
the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows, plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any),
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the

--- Page 87 ---
A53735255
87
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and international repute responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards,
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴i × ni
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × 365
𝑑
Where:
“London Business Day”, “Observation Period” and “p” have the 
meanings set out under Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g)(x);
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant:
(i)
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant:
(i)
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Business Day in the relevant:
(i)
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar 
days from and including such London Business Day “i” up to but 
excluding the following London Business Day;
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of:
(i)
that London Business Day “i” where Observation Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” London Business 
Days prior to the relevant London Business Day “i” where Lag 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is 
a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(“SONIA”) rate for such London Business Day as provided by the

--- Page 88 ---
A53735255
88
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page on the next following London Business Day 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as published by authorised 
distributors on such London Business Day or, if SONIA cannot be 
obtained from such authorised distributors, as published on the Bank of 
England’s Website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of 
publishing the SONIA reference rate).
(z)
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms and either (i) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, if, in respect of any 
London Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable, (or 
as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof), such Reference 
Rate shall be: 
1.
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Business 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which the SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate, or
2.
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided 
in the relevant definition thereof) for the first preceding London 
Business Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the 
relevant definition thereof), and
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly.
(aa)
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest

--- Page 89 ---
A53735255
89
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Accrual Period).
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.
(D)
Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate Notes
(a)
Independent Adviser
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (except in respect of Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(f) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(g)) and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)).
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an independent expert and in consultation with the Issuer. The Issuer will not 
take any discretionary decision on the basis of such consultation. In the absence of 
bad faith, manifest error or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a).

--- Page 90 ---
A53735255
90
(b)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser, determines that:
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)). 
(c)
Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
(ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or any Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading.
(e)
Notices
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative of the Masse and, in accordance with Condition 15, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 91 ---
A53735255
91
The Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by an authorised 
signatory of the Issuer and the Independent Adviser:
(i)
confirming, on the basis of the determination of the Independent Adviser (i) 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D); and
(ii)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread.
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, 
the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders.
(f)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a), 
(b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred.
(g)
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the Original Reference 
Rate.
(iv)
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes:
1.
Consumer Price Index (CPI)
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, 
this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set 
out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply.
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the “CPI 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:

--- Page 92 ---
A53735255
92
(A)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio.
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” 
is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may 
be and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
(as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up).
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of 
any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula:
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index=
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3+ D-1
NDM
×(CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2-CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3)
With:
“NDM”: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25;
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2;
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3.
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up).
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in 
the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such 
methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French 
Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l’inflation.
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein.
(B)
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued 
by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – 
www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 Paper entitled “Inflation linked bonds”. In the 
case of any conflict between the calculation method provided below and the

--- Page 93 ---
A53735255
93
calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail.
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified 
in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined 
above).
(C)
(1)
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions:
(x)
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) 
has already been published, such index shall automatically be used 
as the Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional 
CPI Monthly Reference Index would be published under the 
heading “indice de substitution”. Once the definitive CPI Monthly 
Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply from the 
day following its release to all calculations taking place from this 
date.
(y)
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula:
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM=
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-1×
CPI Monthly Reference Index
M-1
1
12
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-13
(2)
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1 March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation:
Key= CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis
Such that:
CPI Monthly Reference Index
Date D
New Basis=CPI Monthly Reference Index
Date D
Previous BasisXKey
2.
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP)
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 94 ---
A53735255
94
this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set 
out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply.
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the “HICP 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(A)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio.
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” 
is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the 
case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 
5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up).
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of 
any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the 
second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the 
following formula:
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index =
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3+ D-1
NDM
×(HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2-HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3)
With:
“NDM”: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25;
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2;
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3.
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up).
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on 
the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr
and on Bloomberg page TRESOR.
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index of consumer 
prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index 
may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein.

--- Page 95 ---
A53735255
95
(B)
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified 
in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined 
above).
(C)
(1)
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, 
a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute HICP 
Monthly Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following provisions:
(x)
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as 
the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive 
HICP Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically 
apply from the day following its release to all calculations taking 
place from this date.
(y)
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula:
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM =
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-1×
HICP Monthly Reference Index
M-1
1
12
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-13
(2)
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different 
basis will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference 
Index of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP 
Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1 March of the following year. Such 
chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following equation:
Key= HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis
Such that:
HICP Monthly Reference Index
Date D
New Basis=HICP Monthly Reference Index
Date D
Previous BasisXKey
This Condition 5(c)(iv) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes.
(d)
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect, upon giving not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior notice in accordance with Condition 14, 
to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate (the “Optional Change of Interest Date”) or (ii) that will automatically change 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the 
Final Terms (the “Automatic Change of Interest Date”).
(e)
Zero Coupon Notes: Where an Unsubordinated Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable

--- Page 96 ---
A53735255
96
prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Unsubordinated Note. As from 
the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such an Unsubordinated Note shall 
be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 6(i)(i)). This Condition 5(e) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes.
(f)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Unsubordinated Notes 
issued as Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest 
in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date.
(g)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts, 
and Rounding:
(i)
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. In no event shall the 
applicable rate of interest (including, for the sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than 
zero.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency.
(h)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect 
of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.
(i)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the 
Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be

--- Page 97 ---
A53735255
97
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such exchange as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, subject in the case of 
(i) €STR to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), (ii) SOFR Benchmark to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f) and (iii) SONIA 
to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g), nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties.
(j)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid.
(k)
RMB Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date.
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be 
final and binding upon all parties.
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to

--- Page 98 ---
A53735255
98
be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the RMB Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest per Specified 
Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination so calculated need be made.
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period or, 
as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention.
This Condition 5(k) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
(l)
Adjustment of the Rate of Interest: If an Interest Rate Adjustment is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the rate of interest payable on the Unsubordinated Notes will be subject to adjustment following 
the occurrence of a Step Up Event or a Step Down Event (each such adjustment an “Interest Rate 
Adjustment”). Any Interest Rate Adjustment shall be effective from and including the Interest Payment 
Date immediately following the date of the Step Up Event or the Step Down Event (as applicable) until 
the Maturity Date.
For the avoidance of doubt, in relation to an Interest Period, a Step Up Event or Step Down Event will 
only result in an Interest Rate Adjustment on the immediately following Interest Payment Date to the 
extent that neither a Step Down Event, nor a Step Up Event, as relevant, subsequently occurs during 
such Interest Period.
For the avoidance of doubt, the concurrence or succession of two or more Step Up Events will result in 
one Interest Rate Adjustment only.
The Issuer will cause each Step Up Event and each Step Down Event to be notified to the Fiscal Agent 
and notice thereof to be given to the holders of Unsubordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 15 
as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Step Up Event or the Step Down Event.
For so long as any of the Unsubordinated Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts 
to ensure the existence of a Rating from at least one Rating Agency.
The announcement by at least one Rating Agency of a decrease in the Rating which results in the Issuer 
ceasing to have an Investment Grade Rating shall constitute a Step Up Event (a “Downgrade Step Up 
Event”).
In the event that the Issuer deliberately renounces to maintain a Rating from at least one Rating Agency, 
a Step Up Event shall be deemed to have occurred as from the date upon which such a Rating ceases to 
be assigned (a “No Rating Step Up Event”).
For the purposes of this Condition:
“Interest Rate Adjustment” means that the rate of interest payable under the Unsubordinated Notes 
shall be equal to:
(a)
the Initial Rate of Interest plus the Margin Adjustment as specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
the case of a Step Up Event; and

--- Page 99 ---
A53735255
99
(b)
the Initial Rate of Interest, in the case of a Step Down Event.
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms.
“Investment Grade Rating” means a rating of BBB- or Baa3, or the equivalent rating level for the time 
being, or better.
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or Moody’s Deutschland GmbH or any 
other rating agency of equivalent international standing requested by the Issuer to grant a rating to the 
Issuer’s senior unsecured long-term debt and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates.
“Rating” means the rating of the Issuer’s senior unsecured long-term debt.
“Step Down Event” means, where the rate of interest has previously been subject to an Interest Rate 
Adjustment following a Step Up Event, the first public announcement by a Rating Agency that it has 
assigned a Rating equal to an Investment Grade Rating.
“Step Up Event” means a No Rating Step Up Event or a Downgrade Step Up Event.
This Condition 5(l) does not apply to Subordinated Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Rate Adjustment will apply in the case of an early redemption of 
the Notes at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control as set forth in Condition 6(k)(i).
(m)
Deferral of Interest in respect of Subordinated Notes:
Interest payments in respect of Subordinated Notes shall only be due and payable if the Issuer so elects, 
in accordance with the provisions of the following paragraphs.
(i)
Optional Interest Payment
Interest which accrues during an Interest Period ending on but excluding an Interest Payment 
Date will be due on that Interest Payment Date unless the Issuer, by giving notice to the holders 
of Subordinated Notes in accordance with sub-paragraph (iv) below, elects to defer such payment, 
in whole or in part, and the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment and any 
failure to so pay shall not constitute a default by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes or for 
any other purpose.
Any interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes which has not been paid in accordance with 
this paragraph will be deferred and shall constitute “Arrears of Interest” and shall be payable as 
outlined below.
(ii)
Payment of Arrears of Interest
Arrears of Interest (together with any Additional Interest Amount (as defined below)) may at the 
option of the Issuer be paid, in whole or in part, at any time, provided that all Arrears of Interest 
(together with the corresponding Additional Interest Amounts (as defined below)) in respect of 
all Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding shall become due and payable in whole, 
but not in part, on whichever is the earliest of:
(i)
the tenth (10th) Business Day following a Mandatory Payment Event;
(ii)
the next Interest Payment Date in respect of which the Issuer does not elect to defer all of 
the interest accrued in respect of the relevant Interest Period;
(iii)
the date on which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed; or

--- Page 100 ---
A53735255
100
(iv)
the date upon which a judgment is made for the voluntary or judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) or the sale of the whole of the 
business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer subsequent to the opening of a 
judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire) or if the Issuer is liquidated for any 
other reason, as contemplated under Condition 9(b) below.
Each amount of Arrears of Interest shall bear interest, in accordance with Article 1343-2 of the 
French Code civil, as if it constituted the principal of the Subordinated Notes at a rate which 
corresponds to the rate of interest from time to time applicable to the Subordinated Notes 
(the “Arrears Interest Rate”) and the amount of such interest (the “Additional Interest 
Amount”) with respect to Arrears of Interest shall be due and payable pursuant to this paragraph 
(ii) and shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent applying the Arrears Interest Rate to the 
amount of the Arrears of Interest and otherwise mutatis mutandis as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition.
The Additional Interest Amount accrued up to any Interest Payment Date shall be added in 
accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Code civil to the amount of Arrears of Interest 
remaining unpaid on such Interest Payment Date so that it will itself become Arrears of Interest, 
for the purpose only of calculating the Additional Interest Amount accruing thereafter. 
For the purpose hereof:
A “Mandatory Payment Event” means that:
(i)
a dividend, or any other distribution or payment (whether or not in cash) was validly 
resolved on, declared, paid or made in respect of any Equity Securities or Parity Securities 
of the Issuer, or
(ii)
the Issuer has repurchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired (A) any Equity Securities, 
(B) in respect of Ordinary Subordinated Notes only, any Deeply Subordinated Notes, (C) 
in respect of Ordinary Subordinated Notes only, any titres participatifs issued by, or prêts 
participatifs granted to, the Issuer or (D) any Parity Securities of the Issuer other than, (x) 
with respect to Equity Securities, in connection with the satisfaction by the Issuer of its 
obligations under any (a) buy-back programme, share option, or free share allocation plan 
in each case reserved for directors, officers and/or employees of the Issuer's group, or (b) 
its liquidity agreement (programme de liquidité) or any associated hedging transaction 
with respect to (a) or (b) or the hedging of convertible securities or other equity-linked 
securities of the Issuer or (y) the acquisition by the Issuer of any Parity Securities (in whole 
or in part) in a public tender offer or public exchange offer at a purchase price per Parity 
Security (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Subordinated Notes) below its par 
value;
save for, in each case, any compulsory dividend, other distribution, payment, repurchase, 
redemption or other acquisition required by the terms of such Equity Securities or Parity 
Securities or, in respect of Ordinary Subordinated Notes only, any Deeply Subordinated Notes 
or, in respect of Ordinary Subordinated Notes only, any titres participatifs issued by, or prêts 
participatifs granted to, the Issuer.
“Parity Securities” means, at any time, (a) in respect of Ordinary Subordinated Notes, any 
securities which rank pari passu with the Ordinary Subordinated Notes or (b) in respect of Deeply

--- Page 101 ---
A53735255
101
Subordinated Notes2, any securities which rank pari passu with the Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
The term Parity Securities shall apply mutatis mutandis to any instruments issued by any 
Subsidiary (as defined in Condition 4(a) above) of the Issuer, where relevant, provided that each 
such instrument shall qualify as Parity Securities only to the extent such instrument is guaranteed 
by the Issuer or the Issuer otherwise assumes liability for it, and the Issuer’s obligations under 
the relevant guarantee or other assumption of liability rank pari passu with the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Ordinary Subordinated Notes or the Deeply Subordinated Notes, 
respectively.
(iii)
Optional Partial Payment of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts
If amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and Additional Interest Amounts are paid in part: 
(i)
all unpaid amounts of Arrears of Interest shall be payable before any Additional Interest 
Amounts;
(ii)
Arrears of Interest accrued for any period shall not be payable until full payment has been 
made of all Arrears of Interest that have accrued during any earlier period and the order of 
payment of Additional Interest Amounts shall follow that of the Arrears of Interest to 
which they relate; and
(iii)
the amount of Arrears of Interest or Additional Interest Amounts payable in respect of any 
of the Subordinated Notes in respect of any period, shall be pro rata to the total amount of 
all unpaid Arrears of Interest or, as the case may be, Additional Interest Amounts accrued 
on the Subordinated Notes in respect of that period to the date of payment.
(iv)
Notice of Deferral and Payment of Arrears of Interests
Notice of (i) deferral of any interest under the Subordinated Notes on any Interest Payment Date 
and (ii) any date upon which amounts in respect of Arrears of Interest and/or Additional Interest 
Amounts shall become due and payable shall be given to the holders of such Subordinated Notes 
in accordance with Condition 15, and the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent not less than 
5 Business Days, but no more than 30 Business Days, prior to such Interest Payment Date or date.
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note 
falling within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. The Undated Subordinated Notes are 
undated obligations in respect of which there is no fixed maturity date but may be redeemed early at the 
option of the Issuer under certain circumstances set out below.
(b)
Redemption by Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 6, each Unsubordinated Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall 
be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Unsubordinated Note shall be reduced by 
the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the 
nominal amount of such Unsubordinated Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the 
2 
For information purposes only, the Deeply Subordinated Notes include, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Euro 400,000,000 Undated 
Deeply Subordinated Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 17 June 2019 (ISIN: FR0013425170) and the Euro 300,000,000 Undated Deeply 
Subordinated Fixed Rate Resettable Notes issued on 21 January 2020 (ISIN: FR0013478252).

--- Page 102 ---
A53735255
102
related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) 
in the case of Unsubordinated Notes which are Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment 
or (ii) in the case of Unsubordinated Notes which are Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related 
Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such 
Instalment Amount.
This Condition 6(b) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
(c)
Residual Call Option: If a Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 15 to the holders of Unsubordinated Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem, at any time as from the Call Option Date (as specified in the Final 
Terms) which shall be no earlier than 3 months before the Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date, the 
Unsubordinated Notes, in whole or in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
date fixed for redemption. 
All Unsubordinated Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) shall apply mutatis mutandis
to this Condition 6(c).
This Condition 6(c) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes.
(d)
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer:
(i)
Unsubordinated Notes
If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any 
issue of Unsubordinated Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the holders of Unsubordinated Notes (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Unsubordinated Notes, 
in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date (the “Make-Whole 
Redemption Date”) at their Optional Redemption Amount. The Optional Redemption Amount will be 
calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the 
nominal amount of the Unsubordinated Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values 
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Unsubordinated Notes (not 
including any interest accrued on the Unsubordinated Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date) up to, and discounted to, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual 
basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus 
in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Unsubordinated Notes to, but excluding, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date.
If a Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer will be calculated taking into account the Call 
Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(c) above and not the 
Maturity Date.
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) will be chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (Central European time 
(CET)) on the third business day in London preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in

--- Page 103 ---
A53735255
103
writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 
15.
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties.
In the case of a partial redemption of Unsubordinated Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(d).
(ii)
Subordinated Notes
If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any 
issue of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the holders of Subordinated Notes (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in 
part, at any time other than during any Residual Redemption Period (if any) and/or on any Par Call Date, 
prior to their Maturity Date (the “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at their Optional Redemption 
Amount. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and will be 
the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes and, (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Subordinated 
Notes (not including any Arrears of Interest, Additional Interest Amount thereon and any interest accrued 
on the Subordinated Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date) up to, and discounted 
from, (in respect of Dated Subordinated Notes only) the Maturity Date or, if applicable, the Par Call 
Date immediately succeeding the Make-Whole Redemption Date to such Make-Whole Redemption 
Date, on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Subordinated Notes and any 
Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) to, but excluding, the Make-
Whole Redemption Date. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) will be chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (Central European time 
(CET)) on the third business day in London preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in 
writing by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 
15.
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(iii)
Definitions
“Par Call Date(s)” means any Optional Redemption Date or, if any Residual Redemption Period(s) have 
been specified in the relevant Final Terms, any relevant Residual Redemption Date. 
The “Redemption Rate” is the average of the four quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the 
mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)

--- Page 104 ---
A53735255
104
on the fourth business day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European 
time (CET)).
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent which are primary 
European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(e)
Clean-Up Call Option: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, if at least 75 per cent. 
of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased 
and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ 
notice to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Clean-Up Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with (x) in respect of Unsubordinated Notes, 
any interest accrued to the date set for redemption and (y) in respect of Subordinated Notes, any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest 
Amounts thereon).
(f)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: 
(i)
Unsubordinated Notes
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the 
holders of Unsubordinated Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, some, of the 
Unsubordinated Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Unsubordinated Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption or exercise 
must relate to Unsubordinated Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.
All Unsubordinated Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised 
Notes, the notice to holders of such Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised Notes shall also 
contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be redeemed which shall have 
been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, 
taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws 
and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements of the Regulated Market on which 
the Unsubordinated Notes are listed and admitted to trading.
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Unsubordinated Notes issued as Dematerialised 
Notes of any Series, the redemption may be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Unsubordinated Notes issued as Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount redeemed.
So long as the Unsubordinated Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on 
any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once 
in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Unsubordinated Notes, cause to 
be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) and on the website of any other 
competent authority and/or Regulated Market where the Unsubordinated Notes are listed and

--- Page 105 ---
A53735255
105
admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Unsubordinated Notes 
outstanding and, in the case of Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised Notes, a list of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered.
(ii)
Subordinated Notes
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the 
holders of Subordinated Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date or on any date during any residual redemption period (the “Residual 
Redemption Period”, the first date of any such period (if any) being a “Residual Redemption 
Date”, each as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption of Subordinated Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with any accrued interest to, but 
excluding, the date set for redemption and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional 
Interest Amounts thereon).
(g)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of an Unsubordinated Note, upon the holder of an Unsubordinated 
Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Unsubordinated Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at its Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option the holder of an Unsubordinated Note must deposit with a Paying Agent at its 
specified office during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise 
Notice”) in the form obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent, within the notice 
period. In the case of Unsubordinated Notes which are Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice 
shall have attached to it the relevant Unsubordinated Notes (together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Unsubordinated Notes which are Dematerialised 
Notes, the holder of an Unsubordinated Note shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Unsubordinated Notes which are Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent 
or the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris as specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so 
exercised and, where applicable, no Unsubordinated Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn 
without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(h)
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis:
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Unsubordinated Notes
“IIR” being for the purpose of this Condition 6(h) the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day before 
the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index, on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on 
the date specified in the relevant Final Terms.
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Unsubordinated Notes will 
be redeemed at par.
This Condition 6(h) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 106 ---
A53735255
106
(i)
Early Redemption:
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes:
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Unsubordinated Note pursuant to Condition 6(j)(i) or Condition 6(q) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Unsubordinated Note.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Unsubordinated Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Unsubordinated Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to 
the issue price of the Unsubordinated Notes if they were discounted back to their issue 
price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Unsubordinated Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(j)(i) or Condition 6(q) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Unsubordinated Note shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of such Unsubordinated Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Amortised 
Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of 
the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to 
be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall 
be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Unsubordinated Note on the Maturity 
Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(f).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms.
This Condition 6(i)(i) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
(ii)
Inflation Linked Notes:
(A)
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(h) shall apply in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon redemption of such Unsubordinated 
Notes pursuant to Condition 6(j)(i), or Condition 6(q) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 9, the Put Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount in respect 
of such Unsubordinated Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis:
Early Redemption Amount/Put Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Unsubordinated 
Notes
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth Business 
Day before the date set for redemption between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the 
Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the 
HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 107 ---
A53735255
107
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the 
Unsubordinated Notes will be redeemed at par.
(B)
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(h) applies) fall to be redeemed 
for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued interest 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, and including 
the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of such 
Unsubordinated Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of 
Condition 5 (iv) above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest Determination 
Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date.
This Condition 6(i)(ii) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
(iii)
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Unsubordinated Notes described paragraphs “Zero Coupon Notes” and “Inflation Linked Notes” 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(j)(i), or Condition 6(q), or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount.
(j)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons:
(i)
Unsubordinated Notes
(A)
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation 
of, French law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion 
of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Unsubordinated Notes, 
or, if applicable, of the Coupons or Receipts, not be able to make such payment without 
having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at 
its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at 
any time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 calendar days’ notice 
to the holders of Unsubordinated Notes or, if applicable, to the holders of Coupons (the 
“Couponholders”) or to the holders of Receipts (the “Receiptholders”) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Unsubordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which 
the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for such 
additional amounts.
(B)
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Unsubordinated Notes, Coupons, or Receipts, be prevented by French law from making 
payment to the holders of Unsubordinated Notes or, if applicable, Couponholders or 
Receiptholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking 
to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then the Issuer, shall forthwith 
give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than 
seven calendar days’ prior notice to the holders of Unsubordinated Notes or, if applicable, 
the Couponholders or the Receiptholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Unsubordinated Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(i) above) together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the

--- Page 108 ---
A53735255
108
Unsubordinated Notes or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons, or, if that date is passed, as 
soon as practicable thereafter.
(ii)
Subordinated Notes
(A)
If Gross-Up Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if by reason of 
a change in French law or regulation, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law or regulation, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
would on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Subordinated Notes, not 
be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified in 
Condition 8 below (a “Gross-Up Event”), the Issuer may, at its option, at any time, subject 
to having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days’ prior notice to the holders 
of Subordinated Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 
15, redeem all of the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) at their principal amount 
together with any accrued interest to, but excluding, the date set for redemption and any 
Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) provided that the 
due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than 
the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
principal and interest without withholding for French taxes.
(B)
If Withholding Tax Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if the 
Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes be 
prevented by French law or regulation from making payment to the holders of 
Subordinated Notes of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below (a “Withholding 
Tax Event”), then the Issuer may, at its option, at any time, subject to having given not 
less than 7 calendar days’ prior notice to the holders of Subordinated Notes (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all of the Subordinated 
Notes (but not some only) at their principal amount together with any accrued interest to, 
but excluding, the date set for redemption and any Arrears of Interest (including any 
Additional Interest Amounts thereon) on the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
without withholding or deduction for French taxes, or, if such date is passed, as soon as 
practicable thereafter.
(C)
If Tax Deductibility Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if an 
opinion of a recognised law firm of international standing has been delivered to the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent, stating that by reason of a change in French law or regulation, or any 
change in the official application or interpretation of such law or regulation, becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments under the Subordinated 
Notes is modified and such modification results in the part of the interest payable by the 
Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes that is tax-deductible being reduced (a “Tax 
Deductibility Event”), the Issuer may, at its option, at any time (subject to having given 
not more than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days’ notice to the holders of Subordinated 
Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15), redeem all of 
the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) at (i) the Tax Deductibility Event Early 
Redemption Price specified in the relevant Final Terms where such redemption occurs 
prior to the Tax Deductibility Event Cut-Off Date, or (ii) their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest 
Amounts thereon) where such redemption occurs on or after Tax Deductibility Event Cut-

--- Page 109 ---
A53735255
109
Off Date, provided that the effective date of redemption of which notice hereunder may 
be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date preceding the effective date on 
which the tax regime of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes is modified.
Prior to the giving of any such notice of redemption in this Condition 6(j)(ii), the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
15, to the holders of Subordinated Notes, a certificate signed by a duly authorised representative 
of the Issuer confirming that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting out the 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right to effect such redemption have been met.
(k)
Early redemption of the Notes following a Change of Control:
(i)
Unsubordinated Notes – Change of Control Put Option
If Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if, at any time while any 
Unsubordinated Note remains outstanding, there occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of 
Control Period, a Rating Downgrade occurs or has occurred as a result of such Change of Control (the 
“Put Event”), the holder of such Unsubordinated Note will have the option, (the “Change of Control 
Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives 
notice of its intention to redeem the Unsubordinated Notes under Condition 6(j)(i)) to require the Issuer 
to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of that Unsubordinated Note, on the Optional 
Redemption Date (as defined below) at its principal amount together with (or where purchased, together 
with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date (as defined 
below).
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a “Put Event Notice”) to the holders of Unsubordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 15 
specifying the nature of the Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising 
the Change of Control Put Option contained in this Condition 6(k).
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of 
the Unsubordinated Notes following a Put Event, a holder of one or more Unsubordinated Notes must 
transfer or cause to be transferred its Unsubordinated Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the 
account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Put Option Notice (as defined below) for the account of the 
Issuer within the period of 45 calendar days after the Put Event Notice is given (the “Put Period”) 
together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise (a “Put Option Notice”) and in which the 
holder shall specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6(k).
A Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the 
Issuer, procure the purchase of the Unsubordinated Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put 
Option has been validly exercised as provided above and subject to the transfer of such Unsubordinated 
Notes to the account of the Fiscal Agent for the account of the Issuer, on the date which is the fifth (5) 
business day in Paris following the end of the Put Period (the “Optional Redemption Date”). Payment 
in respect of such Unsubordinated Notes will be made on the Optional Redemption Date by transfer to 
the bank account specified in the Put Option Notice and otherwise subject to the provisions of Condition 
7.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever kind 
(including breakage costs) which the holder of an Unsubordinated Note may incur as a result of or in 
connection with such holder of Unsubordinated Notes’ exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise 
in connection with, any Change of Control Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption 
arising there from or otherwise).

--- Page 110 ---
A53735255
110
(ii)
Subordinated Notes – Change of Control Call Event
If a Change of Control occurs after the Issue Date and within the Change of Control Period, a Rating 
Downgrade occurs or has occurred as a result of such Change of Control (the “Change of Control Call 
Event”), the Issuer may, at its option (a “Change of Control Call Option”), at any time, redeem or 
procure the purchase of all the Subordinated Notes (but not some only) at their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts 
thereon).
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Call Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a “Call Event Notice”) to the holders of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with 
Condition 15 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Call Event, the circumstances giving rise 
to it and either the date on which redemption of the Subordinated Notes will take place or the Issuer’s 
election not to redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem the Subordinated Notes, such redemption or purchase will take place not 
less than 15, nor more than 60 calendar days after a Call Event Notice is given.
Further to the occurrence of a Change of Control Call Event described in this Condition 6(k)(ii), if the 
Change of Control Call Option has not been exercised by the Issuer, the interest payable on the 
Subordinated Notes will be increased by an additional margin specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Change of Control Step Up Margin”) from and including the date of the Call Event Notice to, but 
excluding, the redemption of the Subordinated Notes.
(iii)
Definitions
“Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred each time that any person or group of persons 
acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) (a “Relevant Persons”) 
in each case come(s) to own or acquire(s) directly or indirectly such number of shares in the capital of 
the Issuer carrying (a) more than fifty per cent. (50%) of the voting rights exercisable at a general meeting 
of the Issuer or (b) otherwise the ability to determine in fact through voting rights held (directly or 
indirectly) by such Relevant Person(s) the decisions taken at ordinary or extraordinary shareholders’ 
general meetings of the Issuer.
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of (a) the date 
of the first public announcement of the result (avis de résultat) by the AMF of the relevant Change of 
Control (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) and (b) the date of the earliest Potential Change of 
Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any) and ending on (i) the date which is 180 calendar days 
after, respectively, (a’) the Relevant Announcement Date or (b’) the date of the Potential Change of 
Control Announcement, or (ii) such longer period for which the Issuer, the Subordinated Notes or the 
senior unsecured long term debt of the Issuer are under consideration (such consideration having been 
announced publicly within the period ending 120 calendar days after the occurrence of the relevant 
Change of Control or, as the case may be, the Potential Change of Control Announcement) for rating 
review or, as the case may be, rating by, a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 70 calendar days 
after the public announcement of such consideration.
“Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control (a) if within 
the Change of Control Period the corporate credit rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating 
Agency is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective 
equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba 1, or their respective 
equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (z) if the corporate rating previously assigned to the Issuer 
by any Rating Agency was below an investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by at least

--- Page 111 ---
A53735255
111
one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB or their respective equivalents) or (b) if, on the 
Relevant Announcement Date or, as the case may be, the Potential Change of Control Announcement, 
no corporate credit rating is assigned to the Issuer and, within the Change of Control Period, no Rating 
Agency assigns an investment grade rating to the Issuer (the “Non Investment Grade Rating”), 
provided that in both cases, a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in 
rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating 
Agency withdrawing, making the change in rating or assigning the Non Investment Grade Rating does 
not publicly announce or confirm that the withdrawal, the reduction or the Non Investment Grade Rating 
was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in 
respect of, the applicable Change of Control.
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or Moody’s Deutschland GmbH or any 
other rating agency of equivalent international standing requested by the Issuer to grant a corporate credit 
rating to the Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates.
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor thereto relating to any specific and near-
term potential Change of Control (whereby “near-term” shall mean that such potential Change of Control 
is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, the actual or potential bidder or any such 
designated advisor to be intended to occur, within 12 months of the date of such announcement or 
statement).
(l)
Redemption on Acquisition Event
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event (as 
defined below) occurs, the Issuer may, on giving promptly and in any event not more than 60 days after 
the occurrence of such Acquisition Event and not more than 30 nor less than 15 calendar days before the 
date set for redemption, irrevocable notice to the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 15, 
subject to having also given notice to the Fiscal Agent, redeem in whole or in part or, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in whole only, the Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount (specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) together with (x) in respect of Unsubordinated Notes, any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption and (y) in respect of Subordinated Notes, any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon). The Issuer 
may waive its right to call the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(l) by giving notice (which shall 
be irrevocable) pursuant to Condition 15. The Subordinated Notes will only be redeemable in whole. 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and solely in respect of 
Unsubordinated Notes, the Issuer shall not be entitled, during a period of twelve (12) months following 
the exercise by the Issuer of such Acquisition Call Event Option to exercise a Clean-up Call Option in 
accordance with Condition 6(e) with respect to such Unsubordinated Notes. 
An “Acquisition Event” shall have occurred if:
(i)
on or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms); or
(ii)
the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Targeted 
Company (as defined in the relevant Final Terms).
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) shall apply mutatis mutandis
to this Condition 6(l).

--- Page 112 ---
A53735255
112
(m)
Redemption following an Accounting Event
If Accounting Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and an Accounting Event shall 
occur on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Subordinated Notes on any day from the Accounting Event Adoption Date, subject to the Issuer having 
given to the holders of Subordinated Notes not less than 15, or more than 60, calendar days’ prior notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15, at (i) the Accounting Event Early 
Redemption Price specified in the relevant Final Terms where such redemption occurs prior to the 
Accounting Event Cut-Off Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) their principal amount 
together with any accrued interest and any Arrears of Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts 
thereon) where such redemption occurs on or after the Accounting Event Cut-Off Date.
Prior to the giving of any such notice of redemption, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, to the holders of Subordinated Notes, 
(i) a certificate signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer confirming that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting out the facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right to effect such redemption have been met and (ii) a copy of the letter or report referred to in the 
definition “Accounting Event”.
“Accounting Event” means that a recognised accountancy firm, acting upon instructions of the Issuer, 
has delivered a letter or report to the Issuer, stating that as a result of a change in accounting principles 
(or the application thereof) which have been officially adopted after the Issue Date (such date, 
the “Accounting Event Adoption Date”), the Subordinated Notes may not or may no longer be 
recorded as “equity” in full in the audited annual or the semi-annual consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer pursuant to the International Financial Reporting Standards (‘‘IFRS”) or any other 
accounting standards that may replace IFRS. The Accounting Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
on the Accounting Event Adoption Date notwithstanding any later effective date. The period during 
which the Issuer may notify the redemption of the Subordinated Notes as a result of the occurrence of 
an Accounting Event shall start on the Accounting Event Adoption Date. For the avoidance of doubt 
such period shall include any transitional period between the Accounting Event Adoption Date and the 
date on which it comes into effect. 
(n)
Redemption following a Rating Event
If Rating Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and an a Rating Event shall occur 
on or after the Issue Date, then the Issuer may, at its option, subject to having given not less than 15 nor 
more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, to the 
holders of Subordinated Notes (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Subordinated Notes at any time, at (i) the Rating Event Early Redemption Price specified in the relevant 
Final Terms where such redemption occurs prior to the Rating Event Cut-Off Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or (ii) their principal amount together with any accrued interest and any Arrears of 
Interest (including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon) where such redemption occurs on or after 
the Rating Event Cut-Off Date, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder 
may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date before the date on which the Subordinated 
Notes will no longer be eligible for the same or higher category of equity credit. 
Prior to the giving of any such notice of redemption, the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is 
delivered to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, to the holders of Subordinated Notes, 
(i) a certificate signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer confirming that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting out the facts showing that the conditions precedent to the

--- Page 113 ---
A53735255
113
right to effect such redemption have been met and (ii) evidence of the written confirmation referred to 
in the definition of “Rating Event”.
“Rating Event” means that the Issuer has received written confirmation from any Rating Agency from 
whom the Issuer is assigned solicited ratings either directly or via a publication by such agency, that an 
amendment, clarification or change has occurred in the “equity credit” criteria (or such other 
nomenclature that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an 
investment exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) of such Rating Agency or the application 
thereof, effective after the Issue Date (or effective after the date when the equity credit is assigned for 
the first time, as applicable), which amendment, clarification or change or the application thereof results 
in (a) a lower equity credit for the Subordinated Notes than the then respective equity credit assigned on 
the Issue Date, or if equity credit is not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the equity credit is 
assigned for the first time or (b) the period of time during which the relevant Rating Agency has assigned 
to the Subordinated Notes a particular level of "equity credit" being shortened as compared to the period 
of time for which such Rating Agency did assign to the Subordinated Notes that level of “equity credit” 
on the Issue Date, or if such “equity credit” was not assigned on the Issue Date, at the date when the 
"equity credit" was assigned for the first time.
(o)
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market 
or otherwise at any price. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the 
relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be cancelled or held and 
resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
(p)
Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the 
Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, will, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised Notes, all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). 
Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
(q)
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Unsubordinated Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having 
given not more than 45 nor less than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Unsubordinated 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption.
7
Payments and Talons
(a)
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be 
made (i) (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered 
dematerialised form) by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant 
Account Holders for the benefit of the relevant Noteholder and (ii), (in the case of Dematerialised Notes

--- Page 114 ---
A53735255
114
in fully registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by 
the relevant Noteholder). All payments validly made to such Account Holders will constitute an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.
(b)
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business 
hours of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date 
for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), 
Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, (i) in the case a currency other than Renminbi, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, 
at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or (ii) in the case of Renminbi 
in Hong Kong, and (iii) in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2. This Condition 
7(b) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes. 
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollar, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Unsubordinated Notes issued as 
Materialised Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all 
such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. This Condition 
7(c) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes.
(d)
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Couponholders or 
Receiptholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed under 
the Agency Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
and the Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as 
independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent and to 
appoint additional or other Fiscal Agent(s), Paying Agents and/or Calculation Agent(s), provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require, (iii) a Make-Whole Calculation Agent (which may be the Calculation Agent), (iv) 
a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents 
having specified offices in at least two major European cities, (vi) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
in fully registered form, a Registration Agent, and (vii) such other agents as may be required by the rules 
of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed and admitted to trading.

--- Page 115 ---
A53735255
115
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollar in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above.
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons:
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes, those Unsubordinated Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of 
each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised 
Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for 
the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 10) provided that, if any Materialised Bearer Note should be issued with a maturity 
date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the presentation for payment of any such Note 
without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount required 
to be deducted in respect of such unmatured Coupons would be greater than the relevant 
Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption of any 
such Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) shall become void (and no 
payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, upon application of the 
foregoing provisions in respect of such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount required 
by this paragraph to be deducted would not be greater than the relevant Redemption Amount 
otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing provisions requires some but 
not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Materialised Bearer Note to become void and shall 
select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on 
earlier dates.
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note or an Inflation Linked Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon.
(iv)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 116 ---
A53735255
116
(v)
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Unsubordinated Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(vi)
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on 
a Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes.
This Condition 7(f) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes.
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 10). This Condition 7(g) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes.
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised Notes, on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, 
(B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a 
currency other than euro and Renminbi, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried 
on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the 
case of a payment in euro, which is a TARGET Business Day, or (iii) in the case of payment in Renminbi, 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement or Renminbi 
payment in Hong Kong.
(i)
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an 
Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to 
the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by 
a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in 
whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30 
calendar day irrevocable notice to the holders of RMB Notes prior to the due date for payment, may 
settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollar on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
of any such Renminbi denominated amount.
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of 
the RMB Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for 
the benefit of the holders of RMB Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9.

--- Page 117 ---
A53735255
117
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all holders of RMB Notes.
For the purposes of this Condition 7(i):
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong.
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other 
than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers.
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other 
than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after 
the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation).
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong or from an account outside Hong Kong to an account inside Hong Kong 
(including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is 
disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer.
“RMB Note” means a Unsubordinated Note denominated in Renminbi.
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong 
and in New York City.
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions.
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot RMB/U.S. dollar exchange rate for 
the purchase of U.S. dollar with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong for 
settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at 
or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3 or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis 
by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither such rate is available, the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the 
RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available RMB/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for 
settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign

--- Page 118 ---
A53735255
118
Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page 
on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a 
comparable currency exchange rate.
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollar using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent.
This Condition 7(i) is not applicable to Subordinated Notes.
8
Taxation
(a)
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.
(b)
Additional amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues 
in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer will, to 
the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as 
the case may be:
(i)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments, governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note, 
Receipt or Coupon; or
(ii)
Presentation more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised 
Notes, more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder 
or, if applicable, the Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or
(iii)
Non-cooperative State or territory: if the Notes do not benefit from any exception provided in 
Bulletins officiels des Finances Publiques Impôts, BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-20-40 dated 
20 December 2019, BOI-IR-DOMIC-10-20-20-60 dated 20 December 2019, BOI-INT-DG-20-
50-20 dated 6 June 2023 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 dated 14 June 2022 of the French tax 
authorities, and when such withholding or deduction is required to be made by reason of that 
interest, Receipt or Coupon being (x) paid to a bank account opened in a financial institution 
established in, or (y) paid or accrued to a person established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative 
State or territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French 
Code général des impôts pursuant to Articles 125 A III, 119 bis and 238 A of the same code.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, all payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons shall be paid

--- Page 119 ---
A53735255
119
net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue Code”), 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (or 
any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal 
or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any 
such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will 
be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding.
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case 
of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to 
the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 
or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.
(c)
Supply of information: Each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying to the relevant Paying 
Agent, in a timely manner, any information as may be required in order to comply with the identification 
and reporting obligations imposed on it by Article 242 ter of the French Code general des impôts.
9
Events of Default
(a)
Unsubordinated Notes
The Representative (as defined under Condition 11(a)), upon request of any holder of Unsubordinated 
Notes, may, upon written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have 
been cured, cause the principal amount of all the Unsubordinated Notes (but not some only) held by such 
Noteholder to become immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent 
without further formality, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur:
(i)
the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Unsubordinated Note 
(including the payment of any additional amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under 
“Taxation” above) if such default shall not have been cured within 14 business days in Paris; or
(ii)
there is a default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other material provision of the 
Unsubordinated Notes and such default shall not have been cured within 30 business days in Paris 
after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of default given by the Representative upon 
request of the holder of an Unsubordinated Note; or
(iii)
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries being in default in the due and punctual payment of 
the principal of, or premium or interest on, any present or future indebtedness for borrowed 
monies when and as the same becomes due and payable and giving effect to any applicable grace 
periods, there is an acceleration of any such indebtedness or steps are taken to enforce any 
security in respect of any such indebtedness, provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant

--- Page 120 ---
A53735255
120
indebtedness for borrowed money in respect of which any one or more of the events of default 
thereunder has or have occurred equals or exceeds Euro 80,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency); or
(iv)
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial transfer 
of the whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries; or, to the extent permitted by law, the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is 
subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings under any applicable laws or the Issuer 
or any of its Principal Subsidiaries makes any conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for 
the benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors; or
(v)
the Issuer and its Principal Subsidiaries taken as a whole cease to carry on all or a material part 
of their business or other operations, except for the purposes of, and following a merger or a 
reorganisation (fusion, scission or apport partiel d’actifs) (i) on terms approved by the General 
Meeting or by way of a Written Resolution to the extent that French law requires such merger or 
reorganisation to be submitted for the approval to the General Meeting or through a Written 
Resolution or (ii) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the 
Principal Subsidiary are vested in the Issuer, another Principal Subsidiary or any other company 
which as a result of such merger or reorganisation becomes a Principal Subsidiary.
“General Meeting” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 11.
“Principal Subsidiary” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a).
“Written Resolution” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 11.
(b)
Subordinated Notes
There are no events of default in respect of the Subordinated Notes. There is no cross default under the 
Subordinated Notes.
However, each Subordinated Note shall become immediately due and payable at its principal amount, 
together with accrued interest thereon, if any, to the date of payment and any Arrears of Interest 
(including any Additional Interest Amounts thereon), in the event that a judgment is rendered by any 
competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or in the event of 
a transfer of the whole of the business of the Issuer (cession totale de l’entreprise) subsequent to the 
opening of a judicial recovery procedure (redressement judiciaire), or in the event of the voluntary 
dissolution of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger or other reorganisation outside the context of an insolvency 
whereby the surviving entity assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes). No 
payments will be made to holders of any class of the share capital of the Issuer before all amounts due, 
but unpaid, to all holders of Subordinated Notes have been paid by the Issuer.
10
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years (in the case of 
principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.

--- Page 121 ---
A53735255
121
11
Representation of Noteholders
(a)
Masse:
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”) which will be subject to the below 
provisions of this Condition.
All notices, publications or inclusions specified in the French Code de commerce and relating to the 
Masse shall be done in accordance with Condition 15.
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception of 
Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, L.228-71, Article L.228-65 I, 1° and 6° and Articles R.228-61, R.228-63 
and R.228-69 subject to the following provisions:
(i)
Legal Personality:
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through a general meeting of Noteholders (the “General 
Meeting”).
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to the Notes.
(ii)
Representative of the Masse:
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality. However, the 
following persons may not be chosen as Representatives:

the Issuer and the members of its board of directors (conseil d’administration), its general 
managers (directeurs généraux), its statutory auditors and its employees as well as their 
ascendants, descendants and spouses;

companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, their respective 
managers (gérants), general managers (directeurs généraux), members of their board of 
directors (conseil d’administration), of their management board (directoire) and of their 
supervisory board (conseil de surveillance), their statutory auditors and their employees 
as well as their ascendants, descendants and spouses;

companies holding 10 per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer and companies 
having 10 per cent. or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or

persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of the 
right of directing, administering or managing a business in whatever capacity.
The names and addresses of the Representative of the Masse will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series.
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms.
In the event of death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
an alternate will be elected by the General Meeting.

--- Page 122 ---
A53735255
122
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying 
Agents.
(iii)
Powers of the Representative:
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General Meeting) 
have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests 
of the Noteholders.
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative.
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.
(iv)
General Meeting:
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for 
convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two 
months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of themselves to petition a 
competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided 
under Condition 15 not less than 15 calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on 
first convocation and not less than 10 calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on 
second convocation.
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
correspondence, videoconference or any other means of telecommunications allowing the 
identification of the participating Noteholders as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 
of the French Code de commerce. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes 
issued with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the 
lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination 
of such Note.
(v)
Powers of the General Meetings:
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of the 
Representative and also may act with respect to any other matter that relates to the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes, including 
authorising the Representative to act at law as plaintiff or defendant.
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the 
General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any 
unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert Notes into shares.
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a two-

--- Page 123 ---
A53735255
123
third majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented 
thereat.
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 00:00, Paris time on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting.
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved must be published in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15.
(vi)
Written Resolutions:
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting 
to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a resolution in writing 
(a “Written Resolution”). Subject to the following sentence a Written Resolution may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French 
Code de commerce approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”).
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under Condition 15(e) not less than 15 calendar days prior to the 
date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices 
seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits 
to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the 
Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written 
Resolution Date.
A Written Resolution will be approved if, on first notice (i) Noteholders expressing their approval 
or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution hold at least one fifth of the principal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) Noteholders expressing their approval hold at least 66.6 
per cent. of such quorum. 
If such quorum is not met, a Written Resolution will be approved if, on second notice, 
Noteholders expressing their approval represent at least 66.6 per cent. of all voting Noteholders.
(vii)
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce:
The provisions of Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, L.228-71, Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 6° of the 
French Code de commerce (respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting 
of the Noteholders of (i) any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer and (ii) any 
proposal to transfer the registered office of a societas europaea to another Member State of the 
European Union), Article L.229-2 of the French Code de commerce (providing that such transfer 
requires the prior approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders unless the redemption is 
offered upon simple request) and Articles R.228-61, R.228-63 and R.228-69 and the related 
provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these 
exclusions, no General Meeting shall be held nor a Written Resolution shall be submitted and no

--- Page 124 ---
A53735255
124
early redemption of any Note by the Issuer shall be requested by the Noteholders in respect of 
such modification. 
(b)
Information to Noteholders:
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the 15-calendar day period 
preceding the holding of each General Meeting on first convocation and Written Resolution Date and 
during the 10-calendar day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting on second 
convocation, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the 
reports which will be prepared in connection with such resolutions, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of 
any of the Paying Agents during usual business hours and at any other place specified in the notice of 
the General Meeting or Written Resolution.
(c)
Expenses:
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it 
being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes.
(d)
Single Masse:
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the 
defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single 
Masse of all such Series.
(e)
One Noteholder:
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of Condition 11. The Issuer shall hold a register of 
the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder and shall make them available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.
(f)
Benchmark Discontinuation:
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Event or a Benchmark 
Event which leads to the application of a Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendment or a Benchmark 
Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendment or any Benchmark Amendment or such other necessary changes pursuant to Condition 
5(b)(ii)(C) and Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), respectively.
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those Notes 
subscribed or purchased by the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and regulations that are held by it and 
not cancelled.
12
Final Terms
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series.

--- Page 125 ---
A53735255
125
13
Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may 
from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer 
on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
14
Further Issues and Consolidation
(a)
Further Issues: The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilables) with the Notes provided 
such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the 
principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that 
the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall 
be construed accordingly.
(b)
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time 
on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes 
of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national 
currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally 
denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes.
15
Notices
(a)
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at 
the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed on Euronext Paris, in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in 
a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) 
or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of 
the AMF and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange and the 
rules of such stock exchange(s) so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located, 
and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading.
(b)
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if (a) published so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be 
Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe

--- Page 126 ---
A53735255
126
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-
3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange, in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and admitted to 
trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading.
(c)
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition.
(d)
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15(a) and (b) 
above; except that (i) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or 
other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) or other stock exchange so require, 
notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city/ies where 
the Regulated Market(s) or other stock exchange on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
is located.
(e)
Notices relating to the convocation, decision(s) of the General Meetings or Written Resolutions pursuant 
to Condition 11, or notices of decisions taken by the Issuer following a General Meeting or a Written 
Resolution, or pursuant to Article R.236-14 of the French Code de commerce, shall be published on the 
website of the Issuer (www.arkema.com) and: (i) in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form 
(au nominatif), mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; 
or (ii) in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the 
Notes are for the time being cleared.
16
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law.
(b)
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
may be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 127 ---
A53735255
127
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF UNSUBORDINATED 
NOTES ISSUED AS MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global 
Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear 
or Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Unsubordinated Notes equal to the nominal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers 
with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such 
other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Unsubordinated Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of 
Unsubordinated Notes that is initially deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream 
may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream.
Exchange
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised Bearer 
Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below):
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but 
not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement (and which shall be available at the specified offices 
of the Paying Agents) as to non-US beneficial ownership.
A holder of Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised Bearer Notes must exchange its share of the 
Temporary Global Certificate before interest or any amount payable in respect of the Unsubordinated Notes 
will be paid.
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate so 
surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes.
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal requirements of the 
Regulated Market in, or substantially in, the form set out in Schedule 2 Part A to the Agency Agreement (and 
which shall be available at the specified offices of the Paying Agents).
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the next day succeeding the day that is 
40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Unsubordinated Notes issued as 
Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 14, the Exchange Date for such Temporary 
Global Certificate shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of 
such further Unsubordinated Notes issued as Materialised Notes.

--- Page 128 ---
A53735255
128
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for Arkema’s general corporate purposes. If in respect 
of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 129 ---
A53735255
129
DESCRIPTION OF ARKEMA  
For a general description of Arkema, its activities and its financial condition, please refer to the sections of the 
2022 Universal Registration Document identified in the cross-reference table of the “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 130 ---
A53735255
130
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Florence Lambert and Séverin Cabannes were appointed as independent directors (administrateurs 
indépendants) at the Issuer's combined annual general meeting on 11 May 2023 to replace Victoire de Margerie 
and Laurent Mignon.
Information required by items 9.1 and 9.2 of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation: 
Name:
Florence Lambert
Séverin Cabannes
Principal activities outside of the 
Issuer:
Chief Executive Officer of 
Genvia
Director of Aéroports de Paris
Director of Moody's France SAS
Director of Moody's GmbH
Director of Moody's Investors 
Service UK
Business address:
420 rue d’Estienne d’Orves, 92700 Colombes, France.
Potential conflicts of interest:
There are no potential conflicts of interest between their duties to the 
Issuer and their private interests or their other duties.
***
On 27 September 2023, the Issuer published the following press release:
ARKEMA UNVEILS ITS 2028 AMBITION AND ACCELERATES ITS ORGANIC 
GROWTH IN HIGH PERFORMANCE MATERIALS AND SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS 
Arkema presents the new stage of its development at the Capital Markets Day of 27 September 2023. Building 
on the achievements since the April 2020 strategy update, the Group now aims to accelerate its organic sales 
growth in the medium term, by capitalizing on its recent or future industrial investments in high value-added 
technological solutions serving fast-growing market segments supported by sustainable megatrends.

By 2028, Arkema aims to achieve sales of around €12bn with an elevated EBITDA margin of around 
18%

Average organic sales growth is expected at around 4% per year and average organic EBITDA growth 
at 7 to 8% per year over the 2024-28 period

Cash generation should remain strong and shareholder returns increase by 30% over the 2024-28 period 
versus the prior 5 year period 

The Group will also capitalize on the recent validation of its 1.5°C trajectory by SBTi to further 
strengthen its decarbonization initiatives, paving the way for Net-Zero by 2050 
Since the April 2020 Strategy Update, the Group has steadfastly continued its value-creative transformation, 
nearly completing its shift into a pure Specialty Materials player thanks to targeted investments, cutting-edge 
sustainable innovation and a high value-added portfolio management strategy. Arkema’s materials science 
expertise is now built around the three coherent and complementary segments of Adhesive Solutions, Advanced 
Materials, and Coating Solutions, with an unmatched portfolio of cutting-edge technologies.
This transformation has generated strong financial returns for Arkema and enabled the Group to increase 
structural profitability. Arkema is thus on track to achieve the ambitious financial targets it set for 2024, while

--- Page 131 ---
A53735255
131
delivering €1.3bn of shareholder returns since 2020 via dividends and share buybacks and maintaining strict 
financial discipline. Importantly, Arkema has also markedly improved its corporate social responsibility profile, 
notably with an ambitious climate plan aligned with the 1.5°C trajectory validated by SBTi, as well as 
improvements in workplace safety and in promoting diversity within the organization.
Since Covid, disruptive megatrends have accelerated the world’s transformation, and Arkema is at the forefront 
of enabling change toward a more sustainable economy thanks to its high performance, innovative materials. 
Building on its successful evolution since 2020, having acquired or built an unparalleled portfolio of 
technologies, the Group is now ready to progress to the next level of its growth trajectory by leveraging its 
unique position. 
Thus, by 2028, Arkema aims to achieve sales of around €12bn with an elevated EBITDA margin of around 
18%, translating into average organic sales growth of around 4% per year and average organic EBITDA growth 
at 7% to 8% per year in the 2024-28 period. The Group will also maintain its strict financial discipline with a 
net debt to EBITDA ratio not greater than 2x. 
In order to achieve this ambition, Arkema will place sustainability at the heart of its strategy through 5 main 
drivers:
(i)
Leveraging the strength of One Arkema to enhance employee empowerment and customer 
intimacy
(ii)
Achieving superior growth from sustainable innovation in 5 key submarkets driven by 
megatrends where Arkema has built leading positions with cutting-edge technologies
(iii)
Ramping up recent capex, notably the bio-based PA11 plant in Singapore and PVDF expansions, 
and carrying out new high return projects in batteries, renewable energy, decarbonization and bio-
based products 
(iv)
Further strengthening the portfolio with bolt-on acquisitions and the finalization of the divestment 
of Intermediates
(v)
Driving manufacturing excellence including a strong focus on decarbonization and digitalization
Cash generation over the 2024-28 period should remain strong and the total amount of operating cash flow3 to 
allocate is expected to reach around €7bn, equating to an operating cash conversion rate4 at around 70%. The 
amount returned to shareholders should increase by around 30% versus the 2019-23 period, including steady 
dividend growth leading to a payout ratio of close to 40% over the 2024-28 period, and some opportunistic 
share buybacks. Net M&A should represent half of the amount spent during the 2019-23 period while capex 
should increase by around 15%, reflecting inflation, decarbonization efforts and projects to support the Group’s 
growth notably in batteries.
The Group will also capitalize on the recent validation of its 1.5°C trajectory by SBTi to further strengthen its 
decarbonization initiatives, paving the way for Net-Zero by 2050. 
All these elements are detailed in the "Strategy Update - Lead for sustainable growth" presentation which will 
be available on the Company's website: www.finance.arkema.com.
3 
Free cash flow before capex (intangible assets and property, plant and equipment additions)  
4 
Operating cash flow divided by EBITDA

--- Page 132 ---
A53735255
132
DISCLAIMER
The information disclosed in this document may contain forward-looking statements with respect to the 
financial condition, results of operations, business and strategy of Arkema. In the current context, where the 
world economy and the consequences of the Russian offensive in Ukraine on geopolitical equilibriums remain 
uncertain the retained assumptions and forward looking statements could ultimately prove inaccurate.
Such statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions that could ultimately prove 
inaccurate and are subject to material risk factors such as among others, changes in raw material prices, 
currency fluctuations, implementation pace of cost-reduction projects, development of the Russian offensive 
against Ukraine, and changes in general economic and business conditions. These risk factors are further 
developed in the 2022 Universal Registration Document.
Arkema does not assume any liability to update such forward-looking statements whether as a result of any new 
information or any unexpected event or otherwise.
Further information on factors which could affect Arkema’s financial results is provided in the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document and other documents filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers.
Financial information since 2006 is extracted from the consolidated financial statements of Arkema. The 
business segment information is presented in accordance with Arkema’s internal reporting system used by the 
management. 
Besides its IFRS accounts, Arkema also uses alternative performance indicators to provide a more consistent 
and comparable analysis of the Group’s financial performance. Such indicators are defined in the 2022 
Universal Registration Document. In this document, the Group uses in particular the following indicators:
EBITDA margin: corresponds to EBITDA as a percentage of sales, EBITDA equaling recurring operating 
income (REBIT) plus recurring depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets
Operating cash flow: corresponds to free cash flow before capex (intangible assets and property, plant and 
equipment additions) 
Operating cash conversion rate: corresponds to operating cash flow divided by EBITDA
This document contains forward looking information, which describe expectations, strategies, future events or 
intentions. Forecasts and financial objectives are defined in normalized macroeconomic and market conditions, 
among other EUR/USD exchange rate of 1.1, GDP of 3% and oil price at US$80/bbl. The achievement of these 
forecasts and financial objectives is therefore subject to uncertainties regarding these economic factors, as well 
as regarding changing market conditions, competitive landscape, regulatory evolutions, and other unplanned 
events. As a consequence, results may differ from those expressed or implied in this document.

--- Page 133 ---
A53735255
133
On 29 February 2024, the Issuer published the following press release:
ARKEMA: FULL-YEAR 2023 RESULTS
The Group delivered a solid financial performance in 2023 in a demanding macroeconomic environment, 
with €1.5 billion in EBITDA, in line with its full-year guidance, and excellent cash generation. Arkema 
expects EBITDA to grow in 2024, mainly weighted to the second half of the year with the ramp-up of its 
major projects and a gradual improvement in market conditions.
-
Group sales of €9.5 billion, down 16.1% on 2022 at constant scope and currency:

Volumes down by 10.0%, reflecting the overall slowdown in demand and destocking, although 
volumes were slightly higher in the fourth quarter relative to last year

Positive dynamic in innovation-driven high performance solutions addressing sustainable 
megatrends

Negative price effect of 6.1% reflecting lower prices for certain raw materials and the progressive 
price normalization of PVDF and upstream acrylics, which had benefited from particularly 
favorable conditions in 2022
-
EBITDA at €1,501 million, down compared with last year’s very high comparison base (€2,110 
million), and solid EBITDA margin in this context of low demand at 15.8% (18.3% in 2022). 
Q4’23 EBITDA up by 14% year-on-year to €331 million (€291 million in Q4’22), driven by the good 
performance of Adhesive Solutions and the resilience of the other segments
-
Adjusted net income of €653 million, representing €8.75 per share (€15.75 in 2022)
-
Excellent recurring cash flow of €761 million, reflecting the strict management of working capital and 
tight control of capital expenditure, and net debt of €2,930 million at end-December, representing 1.95x 
full-year EBITDA 
-
Proposed dividend of €3.50 per share (€3.40 in 2022), in line with the policy of a gradual increase, and 
corresponding to a payout ratio of 40%
-
Finalization on 1 December 2023 of the acquisition of 54% of PI Advanced Materials, marking a key 
step in the strengthening of Arkema's very high performance polymers portfolio
-
Continued progress in CSR performance with, in particular, reductions in greenhouse gas emissions 
of 7% for Scopes 1 and 2 and 9% for Scope 3 compared with 2022. Moreover, the share of women in 
senior management positions rose to 29% (26% in 2022)
-
Outlook for 2024: the Group aims for EBITDA to grow in 2024 and reach between €1.5 billion and 
€1.7 billion. The start of the year should be in the continuity of the low demand of fourth-quarter 2023. 
EBITDA growth should be weighted mainly to the second half of the year with the ramp-up of the main 
growth projects from the second quarter onwards and the progressive improvement of market conditions. 
Following Arkema’s Board of Directors’ meeting held on 28 February 2024 to approve the Group’s consolidated 
financial statements for 2023, Chairman and CEO Thierry Le Hénaff said:
“Arkema recorded a solid financial performance in 2023 in a particularly demanding macroeconomic context. 
I would like to thank our teams, who once again demonstrated their agility and unwavering commitment, 
enabling Arkema to deliver some important achievements in 2023, notably in terms of cash generation, CSR 
performance and the strengthening of the Group’s profile in Specialty Materials.

--- Page 134 ---
A53735255
134
As 2024 has started in the continuity of the previous quarter, in a context of ongoing weak demand, we will 
continue to manage our operations tightly. We will benefit from the growing contribution, from spring onwards, 
of several major industrial projects in Asia and the United States, as well as from the integration of PI Advanced 
Materials’ activities.
In addition to managing the short-term, our teams are fully mobilized on our 2028 objectives which we unveiled 
at the Capital Markets Day last September.”
KEY FIGURES FOR 2023
In millions of euros
2023
2022
Change
Sales
9,514
11,550
-17.6%
EBITDA
1,501
2,110
-28.9%
Specialty Materials
1,373
1,900
-27.7%
Intermediates
213
306
-30.4%
Corporate
-85
-96
EBITDA margin
15.8%
18.3%
Specialty Materials
15.8%
18.1%
Intermediates
26.7%
30.0%
Recurring operating income (REBIT)
939
1,560
-39.8%
REBIT margin
9.9%
13.5%
Adjusted net income
653
1,167
-44.0%
Adjusted net income per share (in €)
8.75
15.75
-44.4%
Recurring cash flow
761
933
-18.4%
Free cash flow
625
784
-20.3%
Net debt including hybrids bonds
2,930
2,366
2023 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
Group sales came in at €9,514 million in 2023, down 17.6% on the previous year in a more challenging 
macroeconomic context, marked by lower underlying demand and destocking, first in Europe and then 
spreading to other regions of the world. The decline in volumes came in at 10% overall, affecting most of the 
Group’s important end markets like construction, industry and consumer goods. Some markets such as 
automotive and energy resisted much better, and the dynamic remained positive in high performance solutions 
addressing sustainable megatrends, particularly in new energies, bio-based and recycled products, as well as in 
the areas of energy efficiency and lightweighting. The negative 6.1% price effect reflects the decline of certain 
raw materials and the normalization of PVDF and upstream acrylics relative to the particularly favorable 
conditions of 2022. Moreover, Arkema benefited from the repositioning of its portfolio towards higher value-
added solutions. The scope effect was small, standing at a positive 0.7%, and included mainly two months’ 
additional contribution from Ashland’s adhesives business and three small acquisitions, partially offset by the 
divestment of Febex at the beginning of the year. The currency effect was a negative 2.2%, mainly as a result 
of the depreciation of the US dollar and Chinese yuan against the euro.

--- Page 135 ---
A53735255
135
The share of Specialty Materials within total sales grew slightly and represented 92% of the Group’s sales in 
2023. Moreover, the geographic sales split saw the share of North America increase (37% of the Group’s sales 
in 2023 versus 35% in 2022), Asia and the rest of the world decline to 29% versus 32% in 2022, and Europe 
remain steady (34% of sales in 2023 versus 33% in 2022).
At €1,501 million (€2,110 million in 2022), EBITDA held up well in view of the economic context, while 
reflecting the absence of the exceptional contribution in the prior year of around €400 million from PVDF and 
upstream acrylics. The dynamics were mixed between the various product lines, with Adhesive Solutions and 
Performance Additives reporting good growth in the second half of the year, driven by the product mix, dynamic 
management of sales prices and continued operational excellence actions. 
In this less buoyant context than in the prior year, Arkema’s EBITDA margin came in at a good level at 15.8%
(18.3% in 2022), reflecting notably the quality of the product mix in higher value-added solutions and 
appropriate management of pricing in a more normalized raw materials context.
At €562 million, recurring depreciation and amortization rose marginally year-on-year (€550 million in 2022). 
Recurring operating income (REBIT) therefore amounted to €939 million (€1,560 million in 2022) and 
REBIT margin came in at 9.9% (13.5% in 2022). 
The financial result represented a net expense of €70 million (€61 million in 2022), up by €9 million relative 
to 2022, reflecting mainly the impact of the bond issues carried out in 2023. 
Excluding exceptional items, the tax rate amounted to 21% of recurring operating income in 2023. 
Adjusted net income thus amounted to €653 million, representing €8.75 per share (€15.75 per share in 2022). 
The Board of Directors decided that it would recommend, at the annual general meeting of 15 May 2024, a 3% 
increase in the dividend at €3.50 per share for 2023, in line with the policy of a gradual increase and 
representing a payout ratio of 40%. The dividend will be paid entirely in cash as from 21 May 2024, with an 
ex-dividend date on 17 May 2024.
CASH FLOW AND NET DEBT AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
Recurring cash flow reached the high level of €761 million (€933 million in 2022). It includes a €170 million 
cash inflow linked to working capital, which reflects the price effect and strict management of inventories. 
Excluding PI Advanced Materials, working capital thus represented 13.1% of the Group’s annual sales at 31 
December 2023 (12.6% at 31 December 2022). Recurring capital expenditure amounted to €608 million (€584 
million in 2022) and represented 6.4% of Group sales in 2023. Calculated based on recurring cash flow, the 
EBITDA to cash conversion rate was 50.7%, exceeding the target of 40%. 
Free cash flow totaled €625 million in the year (€784 million in 2022) and included residual exceptional capital 
expenditure of €26 million (€123 million in 2022) related to the bio-based polyamides project in Singapore and 
the hydrofluoric acid supply project with Nutrien in the United States. Thus, for full-year 2023, recurring and 
exceptional capital expenditure reached €634 million. 
Free cash flow also included a non-recurring outflow of €110 million in 2023, mainly corresponding to start-
up costs for the Singapore platform and restructuring costs in order to adapt the cost structure to the economic 
context.
Net cash flow from portfolio management operations primarily reflected the acquisition of a 54% majority 
stake in PI Advanced Materials and amounted to a net outflow of €708 million in 2023. 
Net debt including hybrid bonds stood at €2,930 million at end-2023, including the payment of a €3.40 
dividend per share for 2022 for a total payout of €253 million, the €32 million cost of share buybacks carried

--- Page 136 ---
A53735255
136
out by the Group, and €16 million in interest paid on hybrid bonds. This net debt figure represents 1.95x last-
twelve-months EBITDA. 
CONTINUOUS PROGRESS IN CSR PERFORMANCE
The Group continued to implement its CSR actions in 2023 to support the sustainable and responsible growth 
of its activities and by offering its customers solutions that contribute to their sustainable performance.
Arkema thus reduced its Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 7% in 2023 compared with 2022 (-39% 
vs 2019) and by 9% for Scope 3 (-53% vs 2019). These results reflect the ongoing proactive initiatives taken by 
Arkema as part of the roll-out of its climate plan, accentuated by the temporary decrease in production volumes, 
in line with its 1.5°C trajectory by 2030 validated by the SBTi. In addition, on 26 February 2024, Arkema 
announced that it had signed long-term renewable energy supply contracts in the United States for the Calvert 
City, Beaumont, Chatham and West Chester sites, as well as for all Bostik sites, allowing it, with existing 
contracts for the Clear Lake and Bayport sites, to cover 40% of the electricity needs for the Group's operations 
in the United States by the end of 2024.
Moreover, in order to encourage eco-design and develop the circular economy, the Group increased the 
proportion of its sales covered by a life-cycle assessment to 56% of Group sales in 2023 (41% in 2022), in line 
with its long-term target of 90%.
The Group also maintained its high safety standards, with an accident rate per million hours worked stable at 
0.9, among the leaders of the industry, and the process safety event rate per million hours worked also stable at 
2.8.
Lastly, as a certified Top Employer 2024 in ten countries and a holder of the Top Employer Europe certification, 
Arkema continued to promote inclusion and diversity, as illustrated notably by the percentage of women in 
senior management and executive positions reaching 29% at end-2023.
On the strength of the Group’s results and long-term commitments, its CDP climate change score was raised to 
A-. Its Sustainalytics score was also increased and the Group now ranks among the best in its sector. In addition, 
Arkema was once again included in S&P’s Global Sustainability Yearbook.
2023 PERFORMANCE BY SEGMENT
ADHESIVE SOLUTIONS (29% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES)
In millions of euros
2023
2022
Change
Sales
2,714
2,898
-6.3%
EBITDA
380
366
+3.8%
EBITDA margin
14.0%
12.6%
Recurring operating income (REBIT)
293
288
+1.7%
REBIT margin
10.8%
9.9%
Sales in the Adhesive Solutions segment fell by 6.3% compared with 2022 to €2,714 million. This figure 
reflects mainly a 7.5% reduction in volumes linked to weak demand, as well as to destocking in the construction 
sector and certain industrial markets, which nevertheless subsided in the second half of the year. Sales also 
included a negative 2.8% currency effect. The price effect was slightly positive over the year, amounting to 
0.9% and reflected on the one hand, during the first part of the year, the increased sales prices implemented in 
2022 in response to cost inflation, and on the other hand, a negative price effect in the second half linked to the

--- Page 137 ---
A53735255
137
normalization of certain raw materials. The 3.1% positive scope effect corresponds to the integration of Polytec 
PT and Permoseal, as well as to the additional contribution from Ashland’s adhesives business in the first two 
months of the year.
Recording robust growth of 16% in the second half of the year, EBITDA grew 3.8% in 2023 compared with 
2022 and reached €380 million. This higher year-on-year performance despite lower volumes reflects the 
dynamic management of sales prices in an evolving environment of raw materials, as well as operational 
excellence and cost control actions. It also incorporates the contribution of acquisitions. EBITDA margin
improved significantly by 140 bps to 14.0%, also benefiting from the evolution in the product mix towards 
higher value-added applications.
ADVANCED MATERIALS (38% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES)
In millions of euros
2023
2022
Change
Sales
3,562
4,341
-17.9%
EBITDA
666
941
-29.2%
EBITDA margin
18.7%
21.7%
Recurring operating income (REBIT)
366
663
-44.8%
REBIT margin
10.3%
15.3%
At €3,562 million, sales of the Advanced Materials segment were down 17.9% year-on-year. Reflecting lower 
demand, volumes declined by 8.0%, also impacted by destocking, mostly in the first half for High Performance 
Polymers, and throughout the whole year for Performance Additives, mainly in Europe. The business areas 
linked to sustainable megatrends grew, notably new energies and bio-based and recycled products, and the 
automotive and energy markets remained well oriented. In the second half of the year, High Performance 
Polymers volumes were up relative to the prior year, supported in particular by higher demand in batteries in 
China. The price effect was a negative 7.2%, essentially reflecting the normalization of PVDF in batteries 
following the significant tightness observed in the prior year. For the segment’s other activities, the price effect 
was broadly positive, demonstrating the strength of their positioning and an improved product mix towards 
higher value-added solutions. The scope effect was a negative 0.6%, corresponding to the divestment of Febex, 
and the currency effect was a negative 2.1%. 
In this context, EBITDA of €666 million was down 29.2% relative to the prior year’s particularly high 
comparison base. Driven by significant growth in the second half, EBITDA for Performance Additives was up 
year-on-year despite lower volumes, supported by growth in high value-added applications in areas linked to 
sustainable megatrends, in particular new energies. The segment’s EBITDA margin thus came to 18.7% versus
21.7% in 2022.
COATING SOLUTIONS (25% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES)
In millions of euros
2023
2022
Change
Sales
2,402
3,250
-26.1%
EBITDA
327
593
-44.9%
EBITDA margin
13.6%
18.2%
Recurring operating income (REBIT)
201
466
-56.9%
REBIT margin
8.4%
14.3%

--- Page 138 ---
A53735255
138
Sales of the Coating Solutions segment fell sharply by 26.1% year-on-year and amounted to €2,402 million, 
around 30% of which were in acrylic monomers. Volumes in this segment were down 12.4% overall, reflecting 
subdued demand and destocking in Europe and the United States in the decorative paints and industrial markets. 
The price effect of negative 13.1% reflects mainly the progressive normalization of market conditions in 
upstream acrylics after an exceptional 2022, as well as the pass-through of certain lower raw materials prices 
in downstream product lines. The scope effect of positive 0.7% is linked to the integration of Polimeros 
Especiales, and the currency effect was limited at a negative 1.3%. 
In this context, EBITDA declined 44.9% on 2022 to €327 million. Downstream activities nevertheless held up 
better than upstream acrylics, driven by the benefits of an improved product mix towards higher value-added 
solutions and by dynamic price management. In this context of low volumes, EBITDA margin held up 
relatively well at 13.6% (18.2% in 2022).
INTERMEDIATES (8% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES)
In millions of euros
2023
2022
Change
Sales
797
1,020
-21.9%
EBITDA
213
306
-30.4%
EBITDA margin
26.7%
30.0%
Recurring operating income (REBIT)
170
245
-30.6%
REBIT margin
21.3%
24.0%
At €797 million, sales in the Intermediates segment fell by 21.9% year-on-year, impacted by an 18.7% drop in 
volumes linked notably to low demand for acrylics in Asia. The price effect was a positive 0.1%, reflecting 
good momentum for refrigerant gases in Europe and the United States, which offset less favorable market 
conditions for acrylics in Asia. The currency effect was a negative 3.3%. 
In this context, EBITDA declined by 30.4% to €213 million and EBITDA margin remained at a high level of 
26.7% (30.0% in 2022).
KEY FIGURES FOR FOURTH-QUARTER 2023
In millions of euros
Q4’23
Q4’22
Change
Sales
2,222
2,507
-11.4%
EBITDA
331
291
+13.7%
Specialty Materials
312
286
+9.1%
Adhesive Solutions
94
75
+25.3%
Advanced Materials
149
148
+0.7%
Coating Solutions
69
63
+9.5%
Intermediates
40
24
+66.7%
Corporate
-21
-19
EBITDA margin
14.9%
11.6%
Specialty Materials
15.2%
12.3%
Adhesive Solutions
14.6%
10.8%

--- Page 139 ---
A53735255
139
In millions of euros
Q4’23
Q4’22
Change
Advanced Materials
17.4%
14.5%
Coating Solutions
12.5%
10.4%
Intermediates
24.8%
13.3%
Recurring operating income (REBIT)
174
146
+19.2%
REBIT margin
7.8%
5.8%
Adjusted net income
107
88
+21.6%
Adjusted net income per share (in €)
1.43
1.16
+23.3%
Recurring cash flow
325
238
+36.6%
Free cash flow
283
199
+42.2%
Group sales declined 11.4% year-on-year to €2,222 million, impacted by a negative 10.5% price effect which 
reflected mainly a raw materials environment that was less tight. Volumes were up 2.0%, driven mainly by an 
improvement in Coating Solutions relative to the low comparison base of fourth-quarter 2022, and by the good 
performance of High Performance Polymers in Asia. The scope effect of positive 0.3% reflects the integration 
of Polytec PT in Adhesive Solutions and PI Advanced Materials in Advanced Materials in December, partially 
offset by the divestment of Febex. The currency effect of negative 3.2% was linked mainly to the appreciation 
of the euro against the US dollar. 
At €331 million, EBITDA was 13.7% higher relative to fourth-quarter 2022, driven by the growth of Adhesive 
Solutions, the resilience of the other Specialty Materials segments and the good performance of refrigerant 
gases. EBITDA margin improved by 330 bps to 14.9%.
Sales of the Adhesive Solutions segment totaled €642 million, down 7.2% compared with fourth-quarter 2022, 
impacted notably by a 3.2% negative currency effect. The negative 3.2% price effect reflects essentially the 
evolution of certain raw materials. Volumes were down slightly by 1.3%, reflecting ongoing soft demand and 
some residual destocking in Europe and the United States. The scope effect was a positive 0.5%, corresponding 
to the integration of Polytec PT. 
At €94 million, the segment’s EBITDA was up by a sharp 25.3% compared with fourth-quarter 2022, driven 
by the product mix, dynamic price management and ongoing operational excellence actions. EBITDA margin
thus improved significantly to 14.6% (10.8% in Q4’22), reflecting Bostik’s teams’ thorough work. 
Sales of the Advanced Materials segment came in at €857 million, down 16.1% compared with fourth-quarter 
2022, impacted by a 15.9% negative price effect which takes into account the evolution of raw materials. 
Volumes rose 2.3%, driven in particular by High Performance Polymers in Asia. Performance Additives 
volumes were down slightly as a result of weak demand in Europe, overshadowing the good performance of 
the United States. The scope effect was a positive 0.5%, corresponding to the contribution of PI Advanced 
Materials in December, partly offset by the divestment of Febex. The currency effect was a negative 3.0%. 
The segment’s EBITDA was stable at €149 million (€148 million in Q4’22), and EBITDA margin improved 
by 290 bps to 17.4%, benefiting also from a favorable product mix linked to stronger demand for higher value-
added solutions.
At €552 million, sales for the Coating Solutions segment declined by 8.5% year-on-year, strongly impacted by 
a 17.3% negative price effect reflecting both less favorable market conditions in upstream acrylics and lower

--- Page 140 ---
A53735255
140
raw materials in downstream activities. Volumes were up 11.8%, benefiting from improved activity levels in 
view of the prior year’s low point. The currency effect was a negative 3.0%. 
Driven notably by better volumes, EBITDA rose by 9.5% to €69 million, and EBITDA margin improved by 
210 bps to 12.5%.
At €161 million, sales of the Intermediates segment were 11.0% lower than in fourth-quarter 2022, impacted 
by a 21.0% drop in volumes which reflects lower demand for acrylics in Asia. The price effect of positive 14.4% 
reflected the solid momentum of refrigerant gases in Europe and the United States. The currency effect reduced 
the segment’s sales by 4.4%. 
EBITDA rose sharply to €40 million (€24 million in Q4’22), driven by the good contribution of refrigerant 
gases. EBITDA margin thus grew to 24.8% from 13.3% in fourth-quarter 2022.
FOURTH-QUARTER 2023 HIGHLIGHTS
On 1 December 2023, Arkema finalized the acquisition of Glenwood Private Equity’s 54% stake in the listed 
South Korean company PI Advanced Materials (PIAM), for an enterprise value of €728 million. This 
acquisition completes Arkema’s portfolio of high performance technologies for the fast-growing advanced 
electronics and electric mobility markets.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On 2 January 2024, Arkema finalized the acquisition of Irish manufacturer Arc Building Products, specialized 
in construction adhesives and sealants and which generates around €15 million in annual sales.
OUTLOOK FOR 2024
In the first quarter, the macroeconomic context remains marked by a lack of visibility and soft demand in the 
continuity of fourth-quarter 2023. First-quarter EBITDA should thus be comparable to the fourth-quarter 2023 
level and below the first-quarter 2023 level, which still benefited from favorable market conditions in PVDF 
and upstream acrylics, which progressively normalized during 2023. 
Irrespective of a progressive rebound in demand, Arkema will benefit, starting in second-quarter 2024, from 
the ramp-up of several growth projects, which should contribute in the full year around €60 million to €70 
million in terms of EBITDA. These projects include notably the hydrofluoric acid plant in partnership with 
Nutrien in the United States, the bio-based polyamide 11 unit in Singapore, the expansion of the Sartomer® 
plant in China and of the Pebax® plant in France, and the development of 1233zd fluorospecialties with low 
global warming potential. Arkema will also benefit from the contribution of the PIAM acquisition and from its 
associated growth synergies, in particular in the electronics and battery markets. Adhesive Solutions should 
achieve good growth in 2024, benefiting from the positive dynamic which started in second-half 2023. 
Based on these factors, Arkema aims to achieve in 2024 a higher EBITDA, estimated at €1.5 billion to €1.7 
billion depending on the level of recovery in demand, and with seasonality more weighted to the second half of 
the year. 
Moreover, the Group will continue to implement its strategic roadmap unveiled at the Capital Markets Day of 
September 2023. It should notably confirm during the year its capital expenditure plan to support the growth of 
batteries for electric vehicles in the United States. It will continue to strengthen, in partnership with its 
customers, its innovation efforts in solutions for a less carbonized and more sustainable world, and pursue the 
implementation of its climate plan.

--- Page 141 ---
A53735255
141
Further details concerning the Group’s 2023 results are provided in the “Full-year 2023 results and highlights” 
presentation and the “Factsheet”, both available on Arkema’s website at: www.arkema.com/global/en/investor-
relations/
The consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2023 have been audited, and an unqualified certification 
report has been issued by the Company’s statutory auditors. These financial statements and the statutory 
auditors’ report are available on the Company’s website at: www.arkema.com/global/en/investor-relations/
FINANCIAL CALENDAR
7 May 2024: Publication of first-quarter 2024 results
15 May 2024: Annual general meeting
1 August 2024: Publication of first-half 2024 results
6 November 2024: Publication of third-quarter 2024 results
DISCLAIMER
The information disclosed in this press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to the 
financial position, results of operations, business and strategy of Arkema.
In a context of significant geopolitical tensions, where the outlook for the global economy remains uncertain, 
the retained assumptions and forward-looking statements could ultimately prove inaccurate.
Such statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions that could ultimately prove 
inaccurate and are subject to risk factors such as (but not limited to) changes in raw materials prices, currency 
fluctuations, the pace at which cost-reduction projects are implemented, escalating geopolitical tensions, and 
changes in general economic and financial conditions. Arkema does not assume any liability to update such 
forward-looking statements whether as a result of any new information or any unexpected event or otherwise. 
Further information on factors which could affect Arkema’s financial results is provided in the documents filed 
with the French Autorité des marchés financiers.
Balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement data, as well as data relating to the statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity and information by segment included in this press release are extracted from 
the consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2023 as reviewed by Arkema’s Board of Directors on 28 
February 2024. Quarterly financial information is not audited.
Information by segment is presented in accordance with Arkema’s internal reporting system used by 
management. 
Details of the main alternative performance indicators used by the Group are provided in the tables appended 
to this press release. For the purpose of analyzing its results and defining its targets, the Group also uses 
EBITDA margin, which corresponds to EBITDA expressed as a percentage of sales, EBITDA equaling recurring 
operating income (REBIT) plus recurring depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets, as 
well as REBIT margin, which corresponds to recurring operating income (REBIT) expressed as a percentage 
of sales.
For the purpose of tracking changes in its results, and particularly its sales figures, the Group analyzes the 
following effects (unaudited analyses):

--- Page 142 ---
A53735255
142

scope effect: the impact of changes in the Group’s scope of consolidation, which arise from acquisitions 
and divestments of entire businesses or as a result of the first-time consolidation or deconsolidation of 
entities. Increases or reductions in capacity are not included in the scope effect;

currency effect: the mechanical impact of consolidating accounts denominated in currencies other than 
the euro at different exchange rates from one period to another. The currency effect is calculated by 
applying the foreign exchange rates of the prior period to the figures for the period under review;

price effect: the impact of changes in average selling prices is estimated by comparing the weighted 
average net unit selling price of a range of related products in the period under review with their 
weighted average net unit selling price in the prior period, multiplied, in both cases, by the volumes sold 
in the period under review; and

volume effect: the impact of changes in volumes is estimated by comparing the quantities delivered in 
the period under review with the quantities delivered in the prior period, multiplied, in both cases, by 
the weighted average net unit selling price in the prior period.
Building on its unique set of expertise in materials science, Arkema offers a portfolio of first-class technologies to address ever-growing 
demand for new and sustainable materials. With the ambition to become a pure player in Specialty Materials in 2024, the Group is structured 
into three complementary, resilient and highly innovative segments dedicated to Specialty Materials – Adhesive Solutions, Advanced 
Materials, and Coating Solutions – accounting for some 92% of Group sales in 2023, and a well-positioned and competitive Intermediates 
segment. Arkema offers cutting-edge technological solutions to meet the challenges of, among other things, new energies, access to water, 
recycling, urbanization and mobility, and fosters a permanent dialogue with all its stakeholders. The Group reported sales of around €9.5 
billion in 2023, and operates in some 55 countries with 21,100 employees worldwide. 
Investor relations contacts 
Béatrice Zilm 
+33 (0)1 49 00 75 58 
beatrice.zilm@arkema.com 
Peter Farren 
+33 (0)1 49 00 73 12 
peter.farren@arkema.com 
Mathieu Briatta 
+33 (0)1 49 00 72 07 
mathieu.briatta@arkema.com 
Alexis Noël 
+33 (0)1 49 00 74 37  
alexis.noel@arkema.com 
Media contacts 
Gilles Galinier 
+33 (0)1 49 00 70 07 
gilles.galinier@arkema.com 
Anne Plaisance 
+33 (0)6 81 87 48 77 
anne.plaisance@arkema.com

--- Page 143 ---
A53735255
143
ARKEMA financial statements
Consolidated financial information - At the end of December 2023
Consolidated financial statements as end of December 2022 and 2023 have been audited.

--- Page 144 ---
A53735255
144
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT 
4th quarter 2023 
4th quarter 2022 
(In millions of euros) 
Sales 
2,222 
2,507 
Operating expenses 
(1,797) 
(2,129) 
Research and development expenses 
(71) 
(71) 
Selling and administrative expenses 
(213) 
(219) 
Other income and expenses 
(59) 
(70) 
Operating income 
82 
18 
Equity in income of affiliates 
(2) 
(2) 
Financial result 
(26) 
(30) 
Income taxes 
(31) 
23 
Net income 
23 
9 
Attributable to non-controlling interests 
3 
(2) 
Net income - Group share 
20 
11 
Earnings per share (amount in euros) 
0.27 
0.13 
Diluted earnings per share (amount in euros) 
0.27 
0.13 
End of December 2023 
End of December 2022 
(In millions of euros) 
Sales 
9,514 
11,550 
Operating expenses 
(7,554) 
(8,970) 
Research and development expenses 
(275) 
(270) 
Selling and administrative expenses 
(874) 
(868) 
Other income and expenses 
(130) 
(155) 
Operating income 
681 
1,287 
Equity in income of affiliates 
(9) 
(6) 
Financial result 
(70) 
(61) 
Résultat net des activités abandonnées 
Net income 
425 
966 
Attributable to non-controlling interests 
7 
1 
Dont résultat net - part du Groupe des activités 
abandonnées 
Earnings per share (amount in euros) 
5.39 
12.81 
Diluted earnings per share (amount in euros) 
5.36 
12.75

--- Page 145 ---
A53735255
145
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
4th quarter 2023 
4th quarter 2022 
(In millions of euros) 
Net income 
23 
9 
Hedging adjustments 
6 
7 
Other items 
0 
1 
Deferred taxes on hedging adjustments 
and other items 
1 
1 
Change in translation adjustments 
(155) 
(459) 
Other recyclable comprehensive 
income  
(148) 
(450) 
Impact of remeasuring unconsolidated 
investments 
— 
— 
Actuarial gains and losses 
(41) 
(79) 
Deferred taxes on actuarial gains and 
losses  
8 
15 
Other non-recyclable comprehensive 
income  
(33) 
(64) 
Total income and expenses 
recognized directly in equity 
(181) 
(514) 
Total comprehensive income 
(158) 
(505) 
Attributable to non-controlling interest 
(2) 
(5) 
Total comprehensive income - Group 
share 
(156) 
(500) 
End of December 2023 
End of December 2022 
(In millions of euros) 
Net income 
425 
966 
Hedging adjustments 
(45) 
26 
Other items 
0 
1 
Deferred taxes on actuarial gains and 
losses  
3 
(2) 
Change in translation adjustments 
(189) 
108 
Other recyclable comprehensive 
income  
(231) 
133 
Impact of remeasuring unconsolidated 
investments 
— 
(1) 
Actuarial gains and losses 
(22) 
88 
Deferred taxes on actuarial gains and 
losses  
4 
(14) 
Other non-recyclable comprehensive 
income  
(18) 
73 
Total income and expenses 
recognized directly in equity 
(249) 
206 
Total comprehensive income 
176 
1,172 
Attributable to non-controlling interest 
0 
— 
Total comprehensive income - Group 
share 
176 
1,172

--- Page 146 ---
A53735255A53735255 
146 
INFORMATION BY SEGMENT
4th quarter 2023
(In millions of euros) 
Adhesive 
Solutions
Advanced 
Materials
Coating Solutions
Intermediates
Corporate
Total  
Sales 
642
857
552
161
10
2,222
EBITDA 
94
149
69
40
(21)
331
Recurring depreciation and 
amortization of property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets
(25)
(93)
(32)
(5)
(2)
(157)
Recurring operating income 
(REBIT) 
69
56
37
35
(23)
174
Depreciation and amortization 
related to the revaluation of 
property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets as part of the 
allocation of the purchase price of 
businesses
(25)
(6)
(2)
—
—
(33)
Other income and expenses
(10)
(44)
(2)
1
(4)
(59)
Operating income 
34
6
33
36
(27)
82
Equity in income of affiliates 
—
(3)
—
1
—
(2)
Intangible assets and property, 
plant, and equipment additions 
34
159
53
13
9
268
Of which: recurring capital 
expenditure
34
150
53
13
9
259

--- Page 147 ---
A53735255
147
4th quarter 2022 
(In millions of euros) 
Adhesive 
Solutions
Advanced 
Materials
Coating 
Solutions
Intermediates
Corporate
Total  
Sales 
692
1,022
603
181
9
2,507
EBITDA 
75
148
63
24
(19)
291
Recurring depreciation and 
amortization of property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets
(21)
(74)
(32)
(16)
(2)
(145)
Recurring operating income 
(REBIT) 
54
74
31
8
(21)
146
Depreciation and amortization 
related to the revaluation of 
property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets as part of the 
allocation of the purchase price of 
businesses
(53)
(4)
(1)
—
—
(58)
Other income and expenses
(18)
(48)
(1)
0
(3)
(70)
Operating income 
(17)
22
29
8
(24)
18
Equity in income of affiliates 
—
(2)
—
—
—
(2)
Intangible assets and property, 
plant, and equipment additions 
37
202
59
11
9
318
Of which: recurring capital 
expenditure
37
166
59
11
9
282

--- Page 148 ---
A53735255A53735255 
148 
INFORMATION BY SEGMENT
End of december 2023
(In millions of euros) 
Adhesive 
Solutions
Advanced 
Materials
Coating Solutions
Intermediates
Corporate
Total  
Sales 
2,714
3,562
2,402
797
39
9,514
EBITDA 
380
666
327
213
(85)
1,501
Recurring depreciation and 
amortization of property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets
(87)
(300)
(126)
(43)
(6)
(562)
Recurring operating income 
(REBIT) 
293
366
201
170
(91)
939
Depreciation and amortization related 
to the revaluation of property, plant 
and equipment and intangible assets 
as part of the allocation of the 
purchase price of businesses
(102)
(19)
(7)
—
—
(128)
Other income and expenses
(32)
(81)
(3)
—
(14)
(130)
Operating income 
159
266
191
170
(105)
681
Equity in income of affiliates
—
(10)
—
1
—
(9)
Intangible assets and property, 
plant, and equipment additions 
82
389
115
28
20
634
Of which: recurring capital 
expenditure
82
363
115
28
20
608

--- Page 149 ---
A53735255
149
End of december 2022 
(In millions of euros) 
Adhesive 
Solutions
Advanced 
Materials
Coating Solutions
Intermediates
Corporate
Total  
Sales 
2,898
4,341
3,250
1,020
41
11,550
EBITDA 
366
941
593
306
(96)
2,110
Recurring depreciation and 
amortization of property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets
(78)
(278)
(127)
(61)
(6)
(550)
Recurring operating income 
(REBIT) 
288
663
466
245
(102)
1,560
Depreciation and amortization related 
to the revaluation of property, plant 
and equipment and intangible assets 
as part of the allocation of the 
purchase price of businesses
(95)
(18)
(5)
—
—
(118)
Other income and expenses
(63)
(79)
—
23
(36)
(155)
Operating income 
130
566
461
268
(138)
1,287
Equity in income of affiliates
—
(6)
—
—
—
(6)
Intangible assets and property, 
plant, and equipment additions 
85
456
127
20
19
707
Of which: recurring capital 
expenditure
85
333
127
20
19
584

--- Page 150 ---
A53735255 
150 
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
End of december 2023 
End of december 2022 
(In millions of euros) 
Operating cash flows 
Net income 
425 
966 
Depreciation, amortization and 
impairment of assets 
718 
707 
Other provisions and deferred taxes 
(30) 
(45) 
(Gains)/losses on sales of long-term 
assets  
(34) 
(38) 
Undistributed affiliate equity earnings  
10 
6 
Change in working capital 
158 
(137) 
Other changes 
25 
37 
Cash flow from operating activities 
1,272 
1,496 
Investing cash flows 
Intangible assets and property, plant, 
and equipment additions  
(634) 
(707) 
Change in fixed asset payables 
(44) 
(23) 
Acquisitions of operations, net of cash 
acquired  
(714) 
(1,616) 
Increase in long-term loans  
(71) 
(93) 
Total expenditures 
(1,463) 
(2,439) 
Proceeds from sale of intangible assets 
and property, plant and equipment 
14 
18 
Change in fixed asset receivables 
(1) 
— 
Proceeds from sale of operations, net of 
cash transferred 
32 
19 
Repayment of long-term loans 
63 
61 
Total divestitures 
108 
98 
Cash flow from investing activities  
(1,355) 
(2,341)

--- Page 151 ---
A53735255 
151 
Financing cash flows 
Issuance (repayment) of shares and 
paid-in surplus 
— 
48 
Purchase of treasury shares 
(32) 
(22) 
Dividends paid to parent company 
shareholders 
(253) 
(222) 
Interest paid to bearers of subordinated 
perpetual notes 
(16) 
(16) 
Dividends paid to non-controlling 
interests and buyout of minority 
interests 
(3) 
(4) 
Increase in long-term debt 
1,096 
6 
Decrease in long-term debt 
(85) 
(233) 
Increase / (Decrease) in short-term debt 
(191) 
611 
Cash flow from financing activities  
516 
168 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and 
cash equivalents 
433 
(677) 
Effect of exchange rates and changes in 
scope 
20 
(16) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning 
of period 
1,592 
2,285 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of 
the period 
2,045 
1,592

--- Page 152 ---
A53735255 
152 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
31 december 2023 
31 december 2022 
(In millions of euros) 
ASSETS 
Goodwill 
3,040 
2,655 
Other intangible assets, net 
2,416 
2,178 
Property, plant and equipment, net  
3,730 
3,429 
Equity affiliates: investments and loans  
13 
24 
Other investments  
52 
52 
Deferred tax assets 
157 
166 
Other non-current assets  
251 
245 
TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
9,659 
8,749 
Inventories  
1,208 
1,399 
Accounts receivable 
1,261 
1,360 
Other receivables and prepaid expenses 
170 
202 
Income tax receivables 
142 
130 
Other current financial assets 
32 
57 
Cash and cash equivalents  
2,045 
1,592 
Assets held for sale 
— 
22 
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 
4,848 
4,762 
TOTAL ASSETS 
14,517 
13,511

--- Page 153 ---
A53735255 
153 
LIABILITIES AND 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
Share capital 
750 
750 
Paid-in surplus and retained earnings  
6,304 
6,218 
Treasury shares 
(21) 
(20) 
Translation adjustments  
170 
352 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY - 
GROUP SHARE 
7,203 
7,300 
Non-controlling interests 
252 
39 
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
7,455 
7,339 
Deferred tax liabilities 
436 
362 
Provisions for pensions and other 
employee benefits 
397 
382 
Other provisions and non-current 
liabilities 
416 
458 
Non-current debt 
3,734 
2,560 
TOTAL NON-CURRENT 
LIABILITIES 
4,983 
3,762 
Accounts payable 
1,036 
1,149 
Other creditors and accrued liabilities 
392 
437 
Income tax payables 
83 
109 
Other current financial liabilities 
27 
13 
Current debt 
541 
698 
Liabilities related to assets held for sale 
— 
4 
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 
2,079 
2,410 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
14,517 
13,511

--- Page 154 ---
A53735255 
154 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
Shares issued 
Paid-in 
surplus 
Hybrid 
bonds 
Retained 
earnings 
Translation 
adjustments 
Treasury shares 
Shareholders' 
equity - 
Group share 
Non-
controlling 
interests * 
Shareholders' 
equity 
(In millions of 
euros)
Number 
Amount 
Number 
Amount 
At 1st January 
2023 
75,043,514 
750 
1,067 
700 
4,451 
352 
(231,087) 
(20) 
7,300 
39 
7,339 
Cash dividend
—
—
—
—
(269)
—
—
—
(269)
(3)
(272)
Issuance of share 
capital
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Capital decrease 
by cancellation of 
treasury shares
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Purchase of 
treasury shares
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(357,726) 
(32) 
(32) 
— 
(32) 
Grants of treasury 
shares to 
employees
— 
— 
— 
— 
(31) 
— 
359,912 
31 
0 
— 
0 
Share-based 
payments
— 
— 
— 
—
25 
— 
— 
— 
25 
— 
25 
Issuance of hybrid 
bonds
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Redemption of 
hybrid bonds
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other
—
—
—
—
3
—
—
—
3
216
219
Transactions 
with 
shareholders 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(272) 
— 
2,186 
(1) 
(273) 
213 
(60) 
Net income
—
—
—
—
418
—
—
—
418
7
425
Total income and 
expense 
recognized 
directly through 
equity
— 
— 
— 
— 
(60) 
(182) 
— 
— 
(242) 
(7) 
(249) 
Comprehensive 
income
—
—
—
—
358
(182)
—
—
176
0
176
At 31 december 
2023
75,043,514
750
1,067
700
4,537
170
(228,901)
(21)
7,203
252
7,455
* The "Other" line corresponds to the share of the PI Advanced Materials acquisition

--- Page 155 ---
A53735255 
155 
To monitor and analyse the financial performance of the Group and its activities, the Group management uses alternative perfor-mance indicators.  
These are financial indicators that are not defined by the IFRS.  
This note presents a reconciliation of these indicators and the aggregates from the consolidated financial statements under IFRS. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
RECURRING OPERATING INCOME (REBIT) AND EBITDA
(In millions of euros)
End of december 2023 
End of december 2022 
4th quarter 2023 
4th quarter 2022
OPERATING INCOME 
681 
1,287 
82 
18
- Depreciation and amortization related to the 
revaluation of tangible and intangible assets as part of 
the allocation of the purchase price of businesses 
(128)
(118)
(33)
(58)
- Other income and expenses 
(130)
(155)
(59)
(70)
RECURRING OPERATING INCOME (REBIT) 
939 
1,560 
174 
146
- Recurring depreciation and amortization of tangible 
and intangible assets
(562)
(550)
(157)
(145)
EBITDA 
1,501 
2,110 
331 
291
Details of depreciation and amortization of tangible 
and intangible assets: 
(In millions of euros)
End of december 2023 
End of december 2022 
4th quarter 2023 
4th quarter 2022
Depreciation and amortization of tangible and 
intangible assets 
(718) 
(707) 
(206) 
(215)
Of which: Recurring depreciation and amortization of 
tangible and intangible assets
(562)
(550)
(157)
(145)
Of which: Depreciation and amortization related to the 
revaluation of assets as part of the allocation of the 
purchase price of businesses
(128)
(118)
(33)
(58)
Of which: Impairment included in other income and 
expenses
(28)
(39)
(16)
(12)

--- Page 156 ---
A53735255 
156 
ADJUSTED NET INCOME AND ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE 
(In millions of euros)
End of december 2023 
End of december 2022 
4th quarter 2023 
4th quarter 2022
NET INCOME - GROUP SHARE 
418 
965 
20 
11
- Depreciation and amortization related to the 
revaluation of tangible and intangible assets as part of 
the allocation of the purchase price of businesses 
(128)
(118)
(33)
(58)
- Other income and expenses 
(130)
(155)
(59)
(70)
- Other income and expenses - Non-controlling 
interests
—
—
—
—
- Taxes on depreciation and amortization related to the 
revaluation of assets as part of the allocation of the 
purchase price of businesses
30
25
7
13
- Taxes on other income and expenses 
14
27
0
22
- One-time tax effects 
(21)
19
(2)
16
ADJUSTED NET INCOME 
653 
1,167 
107 
88
Weighted average number of ordinary shares 
74,647,205 
74,095,040 
Weighted average number of potential ordinary shares 
75,043,514 
74,420,933 
ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE (in euros) 
8.75 
15.75 
1.43 
1.16
DILUTED ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE 
(in euros) 
8.70 
15.68 
1.42 
1.16

--- Page 157 ---
A53735255 
157 
RECURRING CAPITAL EXPENDITURE 
(In millions of euros)
End of 
december 
2023 
End of 
december 
2022 
4th
quarter 
2023 
4th
quarter 
2022
INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT ADDITIONS 
634 
707 
268 
318
- Exceptional capital expenditure 
26
123
9
36
- Investments relating to portfolio management operations 
—
—
—
—
- Capital expenditure with no impact on net debt  
—
—
0
0
RECURRING CAPITAL EXPENDITURE 
608 
584 
259 
282
CASH FLOWS AND EBITDA TO CASH CONVERSION RATE 
(In millions of euros) 
End of 
december 
2023 
End of 
december 
2022 
4th
quarter 
2023 
4th
quarter 
2022
Cash flow from operating activities 
1,272
1,496
462
457
+ Cash flow from investing activities 
(1,355)
(2,341)
(843)
(259)
NET CASH FLOW 
(83) 
(845) 
(381) 
198
- Net cash flow from portfolio management operations 
(708)
(1,629)
(664)
(1)
FREE CASH FLOW 
625 
784 
283 
199
Exceptional capital expenditure 
(26)
(123)
(9)
(36)
- Non-recurring cash flow 
(110)
(26)
(33)
(3)
RECURRING CASH FLOW 
761 
933 
325 
238
The net cash flow from portfolio management operations corresponds to the impact of acquisition and divestment operations. 
Non-recurring cash flow corresponds to cash flow from other income and expenses.

--- Page 158 ---
A53735255 
158 
(In millions of euros) 
End of december 2023 
End of december 2022 
RECURRING CASH FLOW 
761 
933 
EBITDA 
1,501
2,110
EBITDA TO CASH CONVERSION RATE 
50.7% 
44.2%

--- Page 159 ---
A53735255 
159 
NET DEBT 
(In millions of euros) 
End of december 2023 
End of december 2022 
Non-current debt 
3,734 
2,560 
+ Current debt 
541 
698 
- Cash and cash equivalents 
2,045 
1,592 
NET DEBT 
2,230 
1,666 
+ Hybrid bonds 
700 
700 
NET DEBT AND HYBRID BONDS 
2,930 
2,366 
WORKING CAPITAL 
(In millions of euros) 
End of december 2023 
End of december 2022 
Inventories 
1,208 
1,399 
+ Accounts receivable 
1,261 
1,360 
+ Other receivables including income taxes 
312 
332 
+ Other current financial assets 
32 
57 
- Accounts payable 
1,036 
1,149 
- Other liabilities including income taxes 
475 
546 
- Other current financial liabilities 
27 
13 
WORKING CAPITAL 
1,275 
1,440

--- Page 160 ---
A53735255 
160 
CAPITAL EMPLOYED 
(In millions of euros) 
End of december 2023 
End of december 2022 
Goodwill, net 
3,040 
2,655 
+ Intangible assets (excluding goodwill), and property, plant and equipment, net 
6,146 
5,607 
+ Investments in equity affiliates 
13 
24 
+ Other investments and other non-current assets 
303 
297 
+ Working capital 
1,275 
1,440 
CAPITAL EMPLOYED 
10,777 
10,023 
Adjustment * 
(1,038) 
13 
ADJUSTED CAPITAL EMPLOYED 
9,739 
10,036 
* In 2022, elements of capital employed classified as assets held for sale (Febex). 
  In 2023, capital employed relating to PIAM, consolidated at the end of the year and with no material contribution to income for the year. 
RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE) 
(In millions of euros) 
End of december 2023 
End of december 2022 
Recurring operating income (REBIT) 
939 
1,560 
Adjusted capital employed 
9,739 
10,036 
ROCE 
9.6 % 
15.5 %

--- Page 161 ---
A53735255 
161 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
8 March 2024 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes 
directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The 
Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and 
Restated Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers.
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it unless otherwise agreed. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses 
incurred in connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme.
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify Arkema against certain liabilities in connection with the 
offer and sale of the Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any 
agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being 
made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions
European Economic Area 
Unless the Final Terms in respect to any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area.
For the purposes of these provisions:
(i)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(a)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); or
(b)
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(c)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 162 ---
A53735255 
162 
(ii)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
France
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes in France to, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause 
to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
Materialised Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that, except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days after 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Fiscal Agent by the relevant 
Dealer, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is 
prohibited.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
”Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and

--- Page 163 ---
A53735255 
163 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”). 
For the purposes of these provisions:
(i)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(a)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (”EUWA”); or
(b)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(c)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and
(ii) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as ”Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK:
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b) at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an ”offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the 
expression ”UK Prospectus Regulation“ means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other

--- Page 164 ---
A53735255 
164 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and shall not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which 
term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, ministerial 
guidelines and regulations of Japan.
Hong Kong
This Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms have not been approved by or registered with the Securities 
and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong.
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a “structured product” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to professional investors as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which 
do not result in the document being a prospectus as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the 
public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
and any rules made under that Ordinance.

--- Page 165 ---
A53735255 
165 
People’s Republic of China (PRC)
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, the offer of the Notes is not an offer of securities within the 
meaning of the securities laws of the PRC or other pertinent laws and regulations of the PRC and the Notes 
have not been offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such 
purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as 
permitted by the laws of the PRC. 
Further, no PRC persons may directly or indirectly purchase any of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein 
without obtaining all necessary prior approvals or completing all necessary registrations or filings that are 
required from PRC regulators, whether statutorily or otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this 
document are required by the Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme to observe these 
restrictions.
Singapore
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the SFA. Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will 
it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) 
of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA.
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital 
markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in

--- Page 166 ---
A53735255 
166 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).
General
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or supplement will be set 
out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in 
each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in 
which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and neither the Issuer, nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility 
therefore.

--- Page 167 ---
A53735255 
167 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (”UK“). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (”EUWA“); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
”FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]2
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.
1 
Delete legend if the offer of the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 9(v) of Part 
B below. Include legend if the offer of the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 9(v) of Part B below.  
2 
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute ”packaged” products, in which case, insert ”Not Applicable” in paragraph 9(vi) of Part B below. 
Include legend if the Notes may constitute ”packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to UK retail investors, insert “Applicable” in paragraph 9(vi) of Part B below.

--- Page 168 ---
A53735255 
168 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market3] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a ”distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets 
products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]5
3  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."
4 
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
5 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 169 ---
A53735255 
169 
Final Terms dated [●]
[LOGO, if document is printed]
Arkema
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 9695000EHMS84KKP2785
Euro 5,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
for the issue of Notes
SERIES NO: [●]
TRANCHE NO: [●]
[Brief description, type and amount of Notes] (the “Notes”)
issued by Arkema (the “Issuer”)
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 8 March 2024 which has received approval no. 24-064 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) on 8 March 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval 
no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus 
Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order 
to obtain full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] 
[is]/[are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of Arkema 
(www.arkema.com) and printed copies may be obtained from Arkema at 420, rue d’Estienne d’Orves, 92700 
Colombes, France.
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
which are the [2014][2016][2018][2020][2022][2023] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus dated 8 March 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 March 2024 which has received approval no. 24-064 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 8 March 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] 
which has received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all relevant information, 
save in respect of the Conditions which are the [2014][2016][2018][2020][2022][2023] EMTN Conditions 
extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [19 December 2014][25 November 2016][12 December 2018][28 
January 2020][6 May 2022][26 April 2023]. Full information on the Issuer, the Notes and the offer of the Notes 
is 
only 
available 
on 
the 
basis 
of 
the 
combination 
of 
these 
Final 
Terms[, 
the 
[2014][2016][2018][2020][2022][2023] EMTN Conditions] and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF

--- Page 170 ---
A53735255 
170 
(www.amf-france.org) and of Arkema (www.arkema.com) and printed copies may be obtained from Arkema at 
420, rue d’Estienne d’Orves, 92700 Colombes, France.]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.]
1
Issuer:
Arkema
2
(i)
Series Number:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the existing 
[insert description of the Series] issued by the Issuer on 
[insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the date of 
assimilation which is expected to be on or about 40 
calendar days after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation 
Date”).]
3
Specified Currency:
[●]
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[●]
(i)
[Series:
[●]]
(ii)
[Tranche:
[●]]
5
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only if applicable)]
6
Specified Denomination(s):
[●]
7
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8
Maturity Date:
[●] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year]/[Undated Subordinated Notes]
9
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]]
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate Resettable Notes]
[[specify particular reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
[Fixed/Floating Rate]
[CPI Linked Interest]
[HICP Linked Interest]
(Further particulars specified below)
10
Redemption Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●] per cent. of their nominal amount.

--- Page 171 ---
A53735255 
171 
11
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Optional Change of 
Interest Date / Automatic Change of Interest Date: [●]] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate or 
floating to fixed rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there] 
12
Put/Call Options:
[Put Option]
[Call Option]
[Residual Call Option]
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer]
[Clean-Up Call Option]
[Change of Control Put Option]
[Acquisition Event Call Option]
[Change of Control Call Event Option]
[Accounting Event Call Option]
[Rating Event Call Option]
[Withholding Tax Event Call Option]
[Gross-Up Event Call Option]
[Tax Deductibility Event Call Option]
[(Further particulars specified below)]
13
(i)
Status of the Notes:
[Dated/Undated] [Unsubordinated/ [Ordinary/Deeply] 
Subordinated Notes]
(ii)
[Date[s] of [Board] approval[s] for 
issuance of Notes obtained:
[Decision of the Conseil d’administration of Arkema 
dated [●]] [and [●],]]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: From (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:][Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrears on 
each Interest Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
specified 
below
6 ] 
[commencing on [●] and ending on [●]/[the Maturity 
Date]] [specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”]/not adjusted.]
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]7:
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
6 
RMB Notes only 
7 
Not applicable for RMB Notes

--- Page 172 ---
A53735255 
172 
(iv) Broken Amount(s):
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[●]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(vi) [Determination Dates:
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)]
(vii) [Business Day Convention8:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]]
(viii)Interest Rate Adjustment:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(Only applicable to Unsubordinated Notes)
(ix) Margin Adjustment:
[[●]/Not Applicable]
(x)
[Party responsible for calculating 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amounts (if not the Calculation 
Agent)9:
[●]/[Not Applicable]]
15
Fixed Rate Resettable Note Provisions
(Subordinated Notes only):
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the 
interest payable is discontinued, Condition 5(b)(ii)(C) 
provides for a methodology to determine the successor or 
alternative rate)
(i)
Initial Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/ semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear [[from (and 
including the [Issue Date] to (but excluding) the [First 
Reset Date]]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year [commencing on [●] and ending on 
[●]/[the Maturity Date]] [specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of “Business Day”]/not adjusted.]
(iii) Broken Amount(s):
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[●]
(iv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
8 
RMB Notes only 
9 
RMB Notes only

--- Page 173 ---
A53735255 
173 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(v)
[Determination Dates:
[●] in each year [up to (and including) the First Reset 
Date] (insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)]
(vi) Initial Margin:
[+/–] [●] per cent. per annum [from (and including) the 
[First Reset Date] to (but excluding) the [Second Reset 
Date]]
(vii) Subsequent Step-Up Margin[s]:
[[+/–] [●] per cent. per annum from (and including) the 
[Second Reset Date] to (but excluding) the Subsequent 
Reset Date falling on [●]
[+/–] [●] per cent. per annum from (and including) the 
[Subsequent Reset Date falling on [●]] / [●]]
(duplicate as appropriate)
(viii)First Reset Date:
[●]
(ix) Second Reset Date:
[[●] / Not Applicable]
(x)
Subsequent Reset Date(s):
[[●] [and [●]] / Not Applicable]
(xi) Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(xii) Relevant Screen Page Time:
[●]
(xiii)Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate:
[●]
(xiv) Mid-Swap Maturity:
[●]
(xv) Reset Determination Date:
[●]
(xvi) Party responsible for calculating 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amounts (if not the Calculation 
Agent):
[●]/[Not Applicable]
16
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: From (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:][Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the 
interest payable is discontinued, Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
provides for a methodology to determine the successor or 
alternative rate)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[●]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below]

--- Page 174 ---
A53735255 
174 
(iii) Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]
(iv) Business Centre(s):
[●]
(v)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination]
(vi) Interest Period Date(s):
[Not Applicable/Specify dates]
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent):
[●]
(viii)Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
–
Reference Rate:
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/€STR/SOFR Benchmark/SONIA 
(or any other reference rate)]
–
Relevant Inter-Bank Market:
[●]
–
[Relevant Screen Page Time:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
–
Interest Determination Date(s):
[[●]/The date which is [“p”] [London] Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date 10 /[TARGET] 
Business Days in [specify city] for [specify currency] 
prior to [the first day in each Interest [Accrual] 
Period/each Interest Payment Date]
–
[Relevant Screen Page:
[●]]
(In the case of €STR or SOFR Benchmark, delete this 
paragraph)
–
[Relevant Fallback Screen Page:
(Only applicable in the case of SONIA)
[●]]
–
[€STR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination:
(Only applicable in the case of €STR) 
[€STR Lookback Compound/€STR Shift Compound]]
–
[SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Benchmark) 
[Simple 
SOFR 
Average/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR/Compounded SOFR Index]]
–
[SONIA 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(Only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate/SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate [with Observation Shift]/[with 
Lag] where “p” is: [specify number] London Business 
Days [being no less than [●] London Business Days]]
–
[Observation Look-Back Period:
(Only applicable in the case of €STR) 
[[●] TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable]]
10  Use this first option for SONIA notes. The Interest Determination Date should match the last day of the Observation Period.

--- Page 175 ---
A53735255 
175 
–
[Observation Shift Days:
(Only applicable in the case of €STR) 
[[●]/TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable]]
–
[Compounded Daily SOFR: 
(Only applicable in the case of Compounded Daily 
SOFR)
[SOFR Lag/SOFR Observation Shift/SOFR Payment 
Delay/SOFR Lockout]]
–
[Lookback Days:
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Lag) 
[Not Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day(s)]]
–
[SOFR Observation Shift Days:
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Observation Shift 
or Compounded SOFR Index) 
[Not Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day(s)]]
–
[Interest Payment Delay Days:
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Payment Delay) 
[Not Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day(s)]]
–
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date:
(Only applicable in the case of Simple SOFR Average, 
Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Payment Delay or 
Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Lockout) 
[Not Applicable/The day that is the [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) prior to the end of each 
Interest Period]]
–
[SOFR IndexStart:
(Only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR 
Index)
[Not Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day(s)]]
–
[SOFR IndexEnd:
(Only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR 
Index)
[Not Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day(s)]]
–
Relevant Swap Rate:
[●]
–
Reference Bank:
[●]
–
Relevant Financial Centre:
[●]
–
Specified Currency:
[●]
–
Reference Currency:
[●]
–
Designated Maturity:
[●]
–
Specified Time:
(ix) FBF Determination:
–
Floating Rate (Taux Variable):
[●]
–
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable):
[●]

--- Page 176 ---
A53735255 
176 
(x)
ISDA Determination:
–
Floating Rate Option:
[●]
–
Designated Maturity:
[●]
–
Reset Date:
[●]
(xi) Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest11:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
(xv) Interest Rate Adjustment
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(xvi) Margin Adjustment
[[●]/Not Applicable]]
17
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
18
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to CPI or HICP Linked Interest
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Index:
[CPI/HICP]
(ii)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent):
[●]
(iii) Interest Period(s):
[●]
(iv) Interest Payment Dates:
[●]
(v)
Base Reference:
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [●])
(vi) Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio
(vii) Minimum Rate of Interest12:
[●] per cent. per annum
11 In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be less than zero.  
12 In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be less than zero.

--- Page 177 ---
A53735255 
177 
(viii)Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ix) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
19
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Residual Redemption Period:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
(iii) Residual Redemption Date:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
(iv) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
(v)
If redeemable in part:
(only in respect of Unsubordinated 
Notes)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(a)
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:
[●]
(b)
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:
[●]
(vi) Notice period13:
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]]
20
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Notice period14:
[●]
(ii)
Reference Security:
[●]
(iii) Reference Dealers:
[[As per Condition 6(d)[(i)/(ii)]/[●]]
(iv) Similar Security:
[●]
(v)
Make-Whole Calculation Agent:
[●]
(vi) Redemption Margin:
[●]
13 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
14 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 178 ---
A53735255 
178 
21
Clean-Up Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Clean-Up Redemption Amount:
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
22
Put Option
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note:
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
(iii) Notice period15:
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]]
23
Residual Call Option
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Call Option Date (Condition 6(c)):
[●]
(ii)
Notice period16:
[●]
24
Change of Control Put Option
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
25
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption Amount:
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Index:
[CPI/HICP]
(ii)
Final Redemption Amount in respect 
of Inflation Linked Notes:
[[Condition 6 (h) applies]/[Condition 6(g) in respect of 
the 2014 EMTN Conditions]]
(iii) Base Reference:
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [●])
(iv) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent):
[●]
26
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
of 
Unsubordinated Notes
15 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.  
16 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 179 ---
A53735255 
179 
(i)
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Unsubordinated Note payable on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons 
([Condition 6(j)(i)]/[Condition 6(i) in 
respect 
of 
the 
2014 
EMTN 
Conditions]), 
for 
illegality 
([Condition 6(n)]/[Condition 6(m) in 
respect 
of 
the 
2014 
EMTN 
Conditions]) or on event of default 
(Condition 9):
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
(ii)
Redemption for taxation reasons of 
each Unsubordinated Note permitted 
on days other than Interest Payment 
Dates:
[Yes/No]
27
Acquisition Event Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Acquisition Event Limit Date:
[●]
(ii)
Targeted Company:
[●]
(iii) Optional Redemption Amount:
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
(iv) Redemption in whole only:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Always applicable for 
Subordinated Notes)
28
Change of Control Call Event Option
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Change of Control Step Up Margin:
[[5.000]/[●]] per cent. per annum. 
29
Accounting Event Call Option
(Subordinated Notes only)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Accounting Event Cut-Off Date:
[●]
(ii)
Accounting Event Early Redemption 
Price:
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
30
Rating Event Call Option
(Subordinated Notes only)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Rating Event Cut-Off Date:
[●]
(ii)
Rating Event Early Redemption 
Price:
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
31
Gross-Up Event Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 180 ---
A53735255 
180 
(Subordinated Notes only)
32
Withholding Tax Event Call Option
(Subordinated Notes only)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
33
Tax Deductibility Event Call Option
(Subordinated Notes only)
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Tax Deductibility Event Cut-Off 
Date:
[●]
(ii)
Tax 
Deductibility 
Event 
Early 
Redemption Price:
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
34
Form of Notes:
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and may only 
be issued outside France)
(Only Unsubordinated Notes may be issued in 
materialised form)
[Delete as appropriate]
(i)
Form of Dematerialised Notes:
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/Administered 
Registered 
Dematerialised form (au nominatif administré)/Fully 
Registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)]
(ii)
Registration Agent
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name and 
details]
(Note that a registration agent must be appointed in 
relation to Fully Registered Dematerialised Notes only)
(Only applicable to Unsubordinated Notes)
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate:
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [●] 
(the “Exchange Date”), being 40 calendar days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate]
(Only applicable to Unsubordinated Notes)
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption:
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable]
(Only applicable to Unsubordinated Notes issued as 
Materialised Notes)
35
Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a):
[Not Applicable/Applicable]
36
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)):
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
(Note that this item relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest period for the purposes of

--- Page 181 ---
A53735255 
181 
calculating the amount of interest to which items 14(ii) 
and 15(iv) relate)
37
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature):
[Yes/No. If yes, give details]
(Only applicable to Unsubordinated Notes)
38
Details relating to Instalment Notes:
(Unsubordinated Notes only)
[Not Applicable/give details]
(i)
Instalment Amount(s):
[●]
(ii)
Instalment Date(s):
[●]
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount:
[●]
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount:
[●]
39
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply]
40
Consolidation provisions:
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] 
apply]
41
Possibility of resale of purchased Notes17:
[Yes/No]
42
Masse (Condition 11):
Name and address of the Representative: [●]
[The Representation will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [●]]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source).] [The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Arkema:
By:   .......................................  
Duly authorised
17 In accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 182 ---
A53735255 
182 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing and admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris/specify relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [●].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [Euronext Paris/specify relevant regulated 
market]] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]:
[S & P: [●]]
[Moody’s: [●]]
[[Other]: [●]]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes where the issue has been specifically 
rated)
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EC) 
No 1060/2009 
as 
amended) 
disclosure)
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable:
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in 
the European Union and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”), 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority]
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation

--- Page 183 ---
A53735255 
183 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”)]]
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established 
in the European Union and [has/have each] not applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”)]]
3
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER]
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
[issue/offer], detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of one of the following statements below)
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)]
[The [Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)]
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL EXPENSES]
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[●]/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s 
general corporate purposes.]
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks will need to include those reasons 
here)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding)
[(iii) Estimated total expenses:
[●]
[Include breakdown of expenses]]
5
[Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate 
Resettable Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. [For 
the avoidance of doubt, the yield does not take into

--- Page 184 ---
A53735255 
184 
account the adjustment of the Rate of Interest as 
specified in Condition 5(l).]]
6
[Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/€STR/SOFR Benchmark/SONIA/replicate other as 
specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters]]
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [ EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR 
Benchmark/SONIA/[●]] which is provided by [●]. [As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
(the “Benchmarks Regulation”).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
[As at [●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]]]
7
[Inflation Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING
(i)
Name of underlying index: [Consumer Price Index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France (“CPI”) as calculated and published [monthly/[●]] by the Institut National 
de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques.]/[Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding 
tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco 
(“HICP”) as calculated and published [monthly/[●]] by Eurostat.]
(ii)
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [●]
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]
8
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
Depositaries
(i)
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary:
[Yes/No]
(ii)
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, S.A.:
[Yes/No]
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
addresse(s) 
and 
number(s)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 185 ---
A53735255 
185 
Names and addresses of additional Fiscal 
Agent, Paying Agent(s) or Consolidation 
Agent (if any):
[Not Applicable/[●]]
9
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A) Date of the [Subscription] 
Agreement:
[Not Applicable/[●]]
(B) Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis and names of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers. Where not all of the 
issue is underwritten, include a statement of the portion 
not covered.)
(C) Stabilisation Manager[s] if any:
[Not Applicable/give name(s)]
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv) US Selling Restrictions (Categories 
of potential investors to which the 
Notes are offered):
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable]
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Not Applicable/Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” on the cover page of 
the Final Terms should be included. For the purpose of 
the above, a “packaged” product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 
November 2014 an investment, where, regardless of the 
legal form of the investment, the amount repayable to the 
retail investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance of one 
or more assets which are not directly purchased by the 
retail investor.)

--- Page 186 ---
A53735255 
186 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Not Applicable/Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors” on the cover page of the 
Final Terms should be included. For the purpose of the 
above, a “packaged” product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 
November 2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union Withdrawal Agreement, an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor is 
subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more assets which 
are not directly purchased by the retail investor.)
(vii) [Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If there is no offer of the Notes in Singapore, delete this 
paragraph)
(If the Notes are offered in Singapore to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors (as defined under the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore) only, 
“Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes are also 
offered in Singapore to investors other than Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors (as defined under the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore), “Not 
Applicable” should be specified.)]
10
[SUBORDINATED NOTES:
The following paragraphs in italics do not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming a legal or contractual obligation) that it will redeem or repurchase the 
Notes (or any part thereof) only to the extent that such part of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (or any 
part thereof) to be redeemed or repurchased which was assigned “equity credit” (or such similar nomenclature used 
by S&P from time to time) at the time of the issuance of the Notes does not exceed such part of the net proceeds 
received by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer from the sale or issuance of securities by the Issuer or such 
Subsidiary to third party purchasers (other than group entities of the Issuer) which is assigned by S&P “equity 
credit” (or such similar nomenclature used by S&P from time to time) that is equal to or greater than the “equity 
credit” assigned to the relevant Notes (or any part thereof) to be redeemed or purchased, at the time of sale or 
issuance of such securities (but taking into account any changes in hybrid capital methodology or another relevant 
methodology or the interpretation thereof since the issuance of the Notes).
The following exceptions apply as to the Issuer's replacement intention. The Notes are not required to be replaced:
(i)
if the long-term corporate credit rating assigned by S&P to the Issuer is the same as or higher than 
the long-term corporate credit rating assigned to the Issuer on the date of the last additional hybrid 
issuance (excluding refinancing) and the Issuer is of the view that such a rating would not fall below 
this level as a result of such redemption or repurchase; or

--- Page 187 ---
A53735255 
187 
(ii)
in the case of a repurchase or a redemption, taken together with other relevant repurchases or 
redemptions of hybrid securities of the Issuer, such repurchase or redemption is of less than (a) 10 per 
cent. of the aggregate hybrid capital outstanding in any period of twelve (12) consecutive months or 
(b) 25 per cent. of the aggregate hybrid capital outstanding in any period of 10 consecutive years; or 
(iii)
if, in the case of a repurchase or a redemption, such repurchase or redemption is in an amount 
necessary to allow the Issuer's aggregate amount of hybrid capital remaining outstanding after such 
repurchase to remain below the maximum aggregate principal amount of hybrid capital to which S&P 
would assign equity content under its prevailing methodology; or
(iv)
if the Notes are redeemed pursuant to a Rating Event, a Tax Deductibility Event, an Accounting Event, 
a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event or a Change of Control Call Event; or
(v)
if the Notes are not assigned an “equity credit” by S&P (or such similar nomenclature then used by 
S&P) at the time of such redemption or repurchase; or
(vi)
if such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after [●].
Terms used but not defined in the preceding sentences shall have the meaning set out under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” of the Base Prospectus as completed by this Final Terms.]

--- Page 188 ---
A53735255 
188 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1)
AMF approval and listing and admission to trading
Application has been made for approval of this Base Prospectus to the AMF in France in its capacity as 
competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the 
subject of this Base Prospectus nor of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. This Base 
Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 8 March 2025. provided that it is 
completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which 
may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.
Application has been made to list and admit the Notes to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other 
Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA, as the case may be.
In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, application may also be made for the 
notification of certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State of the EEA.
(2)
Corporate authorisations
Arkema has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the update of the Programme. Any drawdown of Notes under the 
Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation of (i) 
the Conseil d’administration of Arkema or (ii) the Ordinary General Meeting of the Issuer’s shareholders 
if (a) the statuts of the Issuer so require (at the date hereof the statuts of Arkema do not require a 
resolution of the Ordinary General Meeting) or (b) the shareholders at an Ordinary General Meeting 
decide to authorise an issue of obligations, all pursuant to Article L.228-40 of the French Code de 
commerce. Any drawdown of Notes, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute obligations, falls 
within the general powers of the Président Directeur Général.
The update of the Programme has been authorised by a decision of the Conseil d’administration of 
Arkema on 28 February 2024.
(3)
No significant change in the financial position or financial performance
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus on pages 133 to 160, there has been no significant change in 
the financial position or financial performance of Arkema or the Group since 31 December 2023.
(4)
No material adverse change
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Arkema since 31 December 2023.
(5)
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus on page 42, Arkema is not or has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceeding which are pending or 
threatened of which Arkema is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which

--- Page 189 ---
A53735255 
189 
may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of 
Arkema or the Group.
(6)
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuing entity of the members of the board 
of directors
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, to the knowledge of the Issuer, there are no other potential 
conflicts of interest between the duties, to the Issuer, of the members of the board of directors, the general 
management and their private interests and/or other duties. To the knowledge of the Issuer, there are no 
arrangements or agreements, with the main shareholders, customers or suppliers of the Issuer, pursuant 
to which a member of the board of directors or the general management has been appointed.
(7)
Material contracts
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are not entered into in the 
ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result in any Group member being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to the Noteholders 
in respect of the Notes being issued.
(8)
Clearing
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are entities 
in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the registration agent.
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France.
(9)
Yield
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or any Tranche of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, an 
indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield 
is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated 
will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication 
of future yield. For the avoidance of doubt, the yield indicated in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of Unsubordinated Notes will not take into account the adjustment of the Rate of Interest as specified 
in Condition 5(l).
(10)
Documents available
The following documents will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Issuer and on the website of 
the Issuer (www.arkema.com), or otherwise, using any kinds of communication means, permitted by 
law, at the choice of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents, free of charge:
(i)
the statuts of the Issuer (https://www.arkema.com/global/fr/investor-relations/corporate-
governance/governance/board-of-directors/);

--- Page 190 ---
A53735255 
190 
(ii)
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, which comprise the 2023 
Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2022 Universal Registration Document 
(https://www.arkema.com/en/investor-relations/regulated-information/);
(iii)
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other 
regulated market in the EEA (https://www.arkema.com/en/investor-relations/regulated-
information/);
(iv)
this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference (https://www.arkema.com/en/investor-
relations/regulated-information/);
(v)
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred 
to in this Base Prospectus.
The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where 
that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
The following documents will also be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org):
(i)
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or in any 
Member State of the EEA; 
(ii)
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and
(iii)
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (save for the 2023 Consolidated 
Financial Statements).
(11)
Statutory auditors
KPMG S.A. and Ernst & Young Audit have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the 
consolidated financial statements of Arkema for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, prepared 
in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. Both entities are regulated by the Haut 
Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes and members of 
the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre.
(12)
Stabilisation
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in the “General Description of the Programme”), 
the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 calendar days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 191 ---
A53735255 
191 
(13)
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
“benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes may specify the relevant 
benchmark, the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority register referred to above. 
(14)
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”)
The LEI of the Issuer is 9695000EHMS84KKP2785.
(15)
Currencies
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European 
Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and 
“Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. 
dollar” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “HK$” are to the lawful 
currency of Hong Kong, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency 
of Japan, references to “CHF”, “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references 
to “Renminbi” or “RMB” are to the lawful currency of the PRC.
(16)
Potential Conflicts of Interests
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent and their respective affiliates 
(including their parent companies) have and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, 
commercial banking and/or other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its 
affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group (as defined in the “Important 
Notice” section of this Base Prospectus). They have or may, in the ordinary course of their business, 
(i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include 
prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as 
underwriters in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group 
or (iii) act as financial advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these 
transactions, certain of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the 
Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions.
Each of the Issuer and the Dealer(s) may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index 
or related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could 
be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes 
and the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as Calculation Agent), including with respect to 
certain discretionary determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to 
the Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. In 
particular, whilst a Calculation Agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers and procedures 
in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged 
in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of 
the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 192 ---
A53735255 
192 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
We declare, to the best of our knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Arkema
420, rue d’Estienne d’Orves
92700 Colombes
France
Duly represented by:
Thomas Lestavel
Directeur Financement et Trésorerie
authorised signatory
dated 8 March 2024
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 8 March 2024 is valid until 8 March 2025 and shall, within this period 
and pursuant to the conditions set by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base 
Prospectus has the following approval number: 24-064.

--- Page 193 ---
A53735255 
193 
ISSUER 
Arkema 
420, rue d’Estienne d’Orves 
92700 Colombes 
France
ARRANGER 
NATIXIS 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale 
Main Tower  
Neue Mainzer Strasse 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main  
 Germany
NATIXIS 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon  
75013 Paris 
France
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, REDENOMINATION AGENT, CONSOLIDATION AGENT AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Uptevia 
La Défense-Cœur Défense Tour A 90-110  
Esplanade Général de Gaulle,  
92400 Courbevoie 
France
MAKE-WHOLE CACULATION AGENT 
Aether Financial Services
36, rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 194 ---
A53735255 
194 
STATUTORY AUDITORS
KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho 
2, avenue Gambetta 
92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France
Ernst & Young Audit 
1-2, Place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie 
Paris – La Défense 1 
France
LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO FRENCH LAW
To the Issuer
Herbert Smith Freehills Paris LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris 
France
To the Dealers
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France