--- Page 1 ---
A47532663 
1
Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2022
(a société anonyme incorporated in France)
€5,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this document (the “Base Prospectus”), Arkema, (“Arkema” or the “Issuer”), subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding will not at any time exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) and may be denominated in certain currencies. The Notes will be issued in such 
denomination(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed 
and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which require the publication of a Base Prospectus 
under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) (given that any exemption regime, as set out in the Prospectus Regulation, could apply in 
contemplation of the relevant issue) will be at least €100,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency). 
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one year as of the date set out hereunder. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of 12 months from the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the EEA for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (a “Regulated Market”). 
However, Notes that are not listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and 
admitted to trading and if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”), as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (a) in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear 
France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and 
Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (b) in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which 
case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents 
of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a 
“Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive 
Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest and talons attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date of 
the Notes (subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes”) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined below) intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with 
a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
The Issuer’s long-term debt is currently rated BBB+ (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
(“Moody’s”), each of S&P and Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). As 
such, each of S&P and Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes to be issued under the Programme may or may not 
be rated. The rating, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Issuer. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.  
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on the then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus, any document containing information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related 
to Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), on the Issuer’s 
website (www.arkema.com) and may be obtained, during normal business hours at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and each of the Paying Agents (as defined herein). 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” prior to purchasing any Notes. 
Arranger
NATIXIS
Dealers
Banco Sabadell
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup
CIC Market Solutions
Crédit Agricole CIB
J.P. MORGAN
 NATIXIS
SMBC
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
A47532663 
2
IMPORTANT NOTICE
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, its subsidiaries and its shareholdings taken as a whole 
(the “Group”) and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, contains the 
necessary information which is material to investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for 
the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), each of which shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should 
be read and construed together with the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
The information on any websites included in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. No person has been authorised to give any 
information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the 
issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in the “General Description of 
the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or of the Group since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it 
is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its 
financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines 
and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and 
substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection 
with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness 
of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor 
with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the Inflation 
Indices (as defined herein). Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may acquire, 
non-public information with respect to the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in the context of Inflation 
Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any such persons to 
disclose to the Noteholders or any other party such information (whether or not confidential). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. No Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and none of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of

--- Page 3 ---
A47532663 
3
Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, France, Hong-Kong, PRC and Singapore. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and 
Sale” below. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled ”Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (”EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II 
product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the 
five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 which will lead to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor” as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and 
does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under MiFID II Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 4 ---
A47532663 
4
UK 
MiFIR 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a ”distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
”UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice 
on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other charges 
or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available 
for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax summary 
contained in this Base Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with 
respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial transactions 
tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such tax is still uncertain as 
well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any similar tax is adopted, 
transactions in the Notes would be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be 
diminished. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
A rating assigned to the Notes by any rating agency is based on the Issuer’s financial situation, but takes into account 
other relevant structural features of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the Notes, and reflects only 
the views of the rating agency. The rating may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The rating 
addresses the likelihood of full and timely payment to the Noteholders of all payments of interest on each interest 
payment date and repayment of principal on the final payment date. There is no assurance that any such rating will 
continue for any period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the 
rating agency as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the rating agency’s judgement, 
circumstances so warrant. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities. Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers or the 
Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
A47532663 
5
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents 
of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on 
its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer 
accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which it might otherwise 
have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the 
Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of 
any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 6 ---
A47532663 
6
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ...................................................................................................................................... 2
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 7
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 15
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................... 25
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................. 31
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 32
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES
 ................................................................................................................................................................. 95
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 96
DESCRIPTION OF ARKEMA ........................................................................................................................ 97
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .......................................................................................................................... 98
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................115
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................ 121
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 139
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............. 143

--- Page 7 ---
A47532663 
7
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Conditions. 
Issuer 
Arkema 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the 
Issuer  
9695000EHMS84KKP2785 
Website of the Issuer 
www.arkema.com 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of 
Notes (the “Programme”). 
Arranger 
NATIXIS 
Dealers 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A. 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
NATIXIS 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Société Générale 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers 
and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more 
Tranches. 
Programme Limit 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may 
be outstanding under the Programme may be increased from time 
to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Redenomination Agent, Consolidation 
Agent and Calculation Agent 
Société Générale. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in

--- Page 8 ---
A47532663 
8
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in a final terms 
to this Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as 
provided below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the 
maturity date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Maturity Date”). 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollar, Japanese 
yen, Swiss francs, Sterling, RMB and in any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s) 
The Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”) in circumstances which require the publication of 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date). 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) having a 
maturity of less than one year from their date of issue will 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the United 
Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent. 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and 
(subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory 
under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out 
in Condition 4. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Negative Pledge”. 
Events of Default 
(including cross default) 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of 
the Notes as set out in Condition 9. See “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Events of Default”. 
Redemption 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) having a maturity of less than one year

--- Page 9 ---
A47532663 
9
from the date of issue and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Redemption by Instalments 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, “Residual 
Call Option”, “Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer”, “Clean-
Up Call Option” and “Acquisition Event Call Option” below, 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons. 
Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders following a Change of 
Control 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and if, at any time while any Note remains 
outstanding, there occurs a Change of Control and within the 
Change of Control Period, a Rating Downgrade occurs or has 
occurred as a result of such Change of Control, the Noteholders 
will be entitled to request the Issuer to redeem the Notes, or, at 
the Issuer’s option, procure the purchase of their Notes. See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and 
Options”. 
Residual Call Option 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the 
Call Option Date which shall be no earlier than 3 months before 
the Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date. 
Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their 
Maturity Date at their Optional Redemption Amount. The 
Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of 
the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum 
of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on such Notes (not including any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus 
a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the 
Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 10 ---
A47532663 
10
If a Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer will be calculated taking into account 
the Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) above and not the Maturity Date. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, if at least 
75 per cent. of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of 
the same Series have been redeemed or purchased and, in each 
case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes in 
whole but not in part at their Clean-Up Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Acquisition Event Call Option 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms and if an Acquisition 
Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole or in 
part or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole only, 
as described in Condition 6(l) (Redemption on Acquisition 
Event). 
Put Option 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, upon 
request of the Noteholder, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Taxation in respect of the Notes 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied or collected, withheld or assessed by or  within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If such a withholding or deduction is required, the Issuer will 
have to gross-up its payments to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law and subject to certain exceptions. 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons could be made subject to any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA. There 
will be no grossing up provision and, accordingly, no early 
redemption whatsoever in case of any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to FATCA. 
See “Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Rate Adjustment 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of interest to 
be paid with respect of the Notes may be subject to adjustments 
on the occurrence of certain ratings triggers.

--- Page 11 ---
A47532663 
11
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under the June 
2013/2007 
Fédération 
Bancaire 
Française 
Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments 
and 
the 
technical 
schedules 
(additifs 
techniques) published from time to time by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française; or
(ii)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or
(iii) by reference to EURIBOR, CMS Rate, €STR, SOFR or 
SONIA (or such other benchmark as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), in each case as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. Interest periods will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, for the 
sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the interest 
payable is discontinued, the Conditions of the Notes provide a 
methodology to determine the successor or alternative rates. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert on the date 
set out in the Final Terms from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the 
interest and/or the principal in respect of such Notes will be 
calculated by reference to an inflation index ratio derived from 
either: 
(i)
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all 
households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique 
et des Etudes Economiques; or
(ii)
the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding 
tobacco, or the relevant substitute index, measuring the rate 
of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding 
tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat.

--- Page 12 ---
A47532663 
12
Inflation Linked Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both. 
In no event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, for the 
sake of clarity, any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out in 
Condition 6(h) is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
Redenomination 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU 
which will participate in the single currency of the Economic and 
Monetary Union may be redenominated into Euro, all as more 
fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denominations, Title and Redenomination”. 
Consolidation 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes - Further Issues and Consolidation”. 
Form of Notes 
Notes may be 
issued in either dematerialised form 
(“Dematerialised 
Notes”) 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
(“Materialised Notes”). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer be issued 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder, in either au nominatif pur or 
au nominatif administré form. 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- Form, Denominations, Title and Redenomination”. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Dematerialised 
Notes are to be issued in bearer form only, in registered 
(including both nominatif pur and nominatif administré) form 
only or in both bearer and registered form. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer 
Notes”) only. A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued 
initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Governing Law 
French law. 
Central Depositary 
Euroclear France in relation to Dematerialised Notes. 
Clearing Systems 
Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system (provided 
proper clearing and settlement procedures have previously been 
put in place) that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable or the application 
form, as the case may be, relating to such Tranche shall be 
deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised 
Bearer Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect 
of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for

--- Page 13 ---
A47532663 
13
Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or 
may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Euronext Paris or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. A Series of Notes may or may not be listed and admitted 
to trading. 
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms related to the Notes listed and admitted to 
trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published 
on the websites of the Issuer (www.arkema.com) and of the AMF 
(http://www.amf-france.org/). The Final Terms will indicate 
where the Base Prospectus may be obtained. 
Representation of the Noteholders 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests 
in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”). 
The Masse will act in part through a representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through collective decisions 
of the Noteholders. The names and addresses of the 
Representative will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of the Notes will be the representative of the single 
Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
The Notes to be issued qualify under Category 2 for the purposes 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes will be issued (i) in compliance with US 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue Code”)) 
unless the relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised 
Notes are issued in compliance with US Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code) (the “C Rules”), or (ii) other than in 
compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances 
in which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstance 
will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
A47532663 
14
Ratings 
The Issuer’s long-term debt is currently rated BBB+ (stable 
outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and 
Baa1 (stable outlook) by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
(“Moody’s”), each of S&P and Moody’s is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). As such, 
each of S&P and Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
website 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes to be 
issued under the Programme may or may not be rated. The rating, 
if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Issuer. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 15 ---
A47532663 
15
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. The risk factors may relate to the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the main risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. The risks described below are not the only risks 
the Issuer faces. 
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Issuer or that are currently believed to be 
immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations. Prospective investors should also read 
the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and in any documents incorporated by 
reference and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. In particular, investors should 
make their own assessment as to the risks associated with the Notes prior to investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
All capitalised terms used and not defined in this section are defined in the Conditions. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer  
Please refer to pages 70 to 82 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document (as defined under “Documents 
incorporated by reference”) of Arkema which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and include 
the following: 

Industrial risks;

Risks relating to compliance, legal proceedings, societal expectations and internal control;

Operational risks;

Economic and business risks;

Project and innovation risks; and

Financial risks. 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes 
The following is a description of risk factors in relation to the Notes which set out the most material risks (in 
descending order of importance), taking into account the negative impact of such risks on the Issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence. Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers 
about risks associated with an investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the 
Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
1
Risk Factors Relating to all Series of Notes 
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring,

--- Page 16 ---
A47532663 
16
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by Ordonnance n°2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as 
from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption 
of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which 
reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be 
formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the 
proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a 
specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped 
into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may 
possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.  
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of Notes. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could 
materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes and, where applicable any relative Receipts and Coupons are 
direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. However, an investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. 
If the credit worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes, which could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders and investors 
may lose all or part of their investment. 
Modification and waivers 
Condition 11 contains provisions for calling General Meetings of Noteholders or consulting them by 
way of a resolution in writing to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at 
the relevant General Meeting or who did not vote through the written consultation and Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and 
such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact 
on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may lose part of their investment. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding risk
As contemplated by Condition 8(b)(iii), pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including France) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event 
any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, 
neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding. Hence investors may lose part of their investment.

--- Page 17 ---
A47532663 
17
2
Risk Factors Relating to the structure and feature of a particular issue of Notes
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes 
may carry varying risks for potential investors depending on the specific features of such Notes such as, 
inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic interest payments, if any, redemption and issue 
price. 
2.1
Risk Factors Relating to the Interest payable on the Notes  
Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and Noteholders 
may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes and therefore their interests may be negatively 
altered. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or 
within a given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market Interest Rate”) typically varies on 
a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Notes varies in the opposite direction. 
If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Notes typically decreases, until the yield of the 
Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of 
a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Note equals approximately the Market 
Interest Rate. Therefore, the price of the Notes at any particular time may be lower than the purchase 
price of the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the 
Noteholder may be lost on any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would not 
receive the total amount of the capital invested.  
Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise 
(i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. 
Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or 
six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the 
market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market 
interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these 
Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. As a result, Noteholders may lose 
all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their interests may be negatively altered.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. The 
conversion (whether it be automatic or optional) of the interest rate may affect the secondary market and 
the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, 
the spread on the fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at

--- Page 18 ---
A47532663 
18
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and “Floating 
Rate Notes”. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
As contemplated by Condition 5(e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in market interest 
rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of 
ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates 
increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity 
and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated 
with a particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of their investment 
in the Notes. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) and where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes 
identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (except in respect 
of €STR, SOFR and SONIA (as defined below)), investors should be aware that EURIBOR or other 
indices are the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a 
material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to such a 
“benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”) is applicable since 1 January 2018, and applies to the provision of “benchmarks” in the 
EU, the contribution of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed 
to be a “benchmark”, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could (i) increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements, 
(ii) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, 
(iii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iv) lead to the 
disappearance of certain “benchmarks”.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or 
other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Floating Rate Notes – benchmark discontinuation  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined (except in respect of €STR, SOFR and SONIA), Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C) (Benchmark discontinuation) provides that if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a

--- Page 19 ---
A47532663 
19
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread) following the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(a) (Definitions)). 
The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread) 
to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if 
the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by 
the Independent Adviser and the Independent Adviser determines that amendments to the Conditions of 
the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, then the Issuer may vary these Conditions to give 
effect to such amendments without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread) 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Where it is the case before the next Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest for the next 
succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event 
occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event will result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate 
of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life-time of 
the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to 
maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes. Noteholders 
may, in such circumstances, be materially affected and receive a lower interest as they would have 
expected if an Independent Adviser had been determined or if such Independent Adviser did not fail to 
determine such Successor or Alternative Rate. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and 
the Daily Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”), as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. 
dollar or euro bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered 
rates.  
Such risk-free rates have a limited performance history and the future performance of such risk-free 
rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence no future performance of the relevant risk-free rate or 
Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual historical 
performance data. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. For example, since publication of SOFR 
began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable 
benchmarks or other market rates.

--- Page 20 ---
A47532663 
20
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate or an arithmetic average of the risk-
free rate, using the relevant specific formula set out in the Conditions of the Notes. In addition, market 
conventions for calculating the interest rate for notes referencing risk-free rates continue to develop and 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-
free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for calculating the rate used in the Notes issued under the 
Base Prospectus may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all.  
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free rate rates issued by 
it. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that could adversely affect the market value of 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference risk-free 
rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources 
and the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications. There is 
a risk that the relevant risk-free rate (or the Compounded SOFR Index or SONIA Compounded Index) 
will be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in Notes linked to or which reference such a risk-free rate (or that any applicable benchmark 
fallback provisions provided for in the Conditions of the Notes will provide a rate which is economically 
equivalent for Noteholders). If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, 
that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading 
prices of such Notes. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes that reference 
a risk-free rate issued under the Base Prospectus.  
Any mismatch between the adoption of such risk-free rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Note. 
2.2
Risk Factors Relating to the redemption of the Notes  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant the Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under a 
Residual Call Option as provided in Condition 6(c), a make-whole call option as provided in Condition 
6(d), a clean-up call option as provided in Condition 6(e), a Call Option as provided in Condition 6(f) 
or an Acquisition Event Call Option as provided in Condition 6(l). In particular, in case of a clean-up 
call option there is no obligation for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the percentage of 75 per 
cent. has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of this option, 
the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital 
invested. 
If (i) an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) the Issuer publicly 
announces that the consummation of the acquisition of the Targeted Company, as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms, is not pursued or the completion of the acquisition has not occurred on or prior to the 
Acquisition Event Limit Date, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in whole only, at the Optional Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued on the Notes as provided in Condition 6(l).

--- Page 21 ---
A47532663 
21
Furthermore, in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of 
any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by the country of domicile (or residence for tax purposes) by the Issuer, or on behalf of France, 
or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer 
may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the 
Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s option, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when 
prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, 
to redeem Notes, such Notes may feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing 
the Notes and could have significant impact on the Noteholders.  
Put Option or Change of Control 
Exercise of Put Option as provided in Condition 6(g) or Change of Control Put Option as provided in 
Condition 6(k) in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in 
respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option or the Change 
of Control Put Option provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect 
of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders 
may lose part of their investments. 
2.3
Risk Factors Relating to Inflation Linked Notes  
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), the Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes. Inflation Linked Notes 
are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined interest payments and/or in respect of which 
the principal is indexed. Interest amounts and/or principal will be dependent upon the performance of 
either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the 
“CPI”), as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (“INSEE”), or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco, or the 
relevant substitute index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding 
tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) (each an “Inflation Index” and 
together, the “Inflation Indices”). If the value of the relevant index calculated at anytime prior to the 
Maturity Date is lower than the value of the relevant index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the 
time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the 
principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Noteholders may receive no interest. However, if the 
nominal amount to be repaid at maturity is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes will be redeemed at 
par. 
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication 
of future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or 
Eurostat, as the case may be, and the INSEE or Eurostat, makes no warranty or representation 
whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of any of the Inflation 
Indices and/or the figure at which such indices stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices are 
determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard to 
the Issuer or the Notes. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, is not responsible for or has not

--- Page 22 ---
A47532663 
22
participated in the determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes 
to be issued or in the determination or calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. 
The above-factors could materially and adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and investors could 
lose all or part or part of their investment. 
2.4
Risk Factors Relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”) may be issued under the Programme. RMB Notes 
contain particular risks for potential investors. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the People’s Republic of China 
(the ‘‘PRC Government’’) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, 
including the U.S. dollar, despite the significant reduction over the years by the PRC government of its 
control over routine foreign exchange transactions under current accounts. This may affect the liquidity 
of the RMB Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service RMB Notes. 
Remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for the purposes of capital account items, 
such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or 
completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities and is subject to a strict 
monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement 
of capital account items are developing gradually. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International 
Monetary Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border 
transactions in foreign currencies have been implemented by the People’s Bank of China (“PBoC”) in 
the past few years, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to liberalise the control 
over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi cross-
border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside 
the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the 
overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi to finance 
its obligations under the RMB Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the RMB 
Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. In efforts to internationalise the Renminbi, the 
PBoC has established Renminbi clearing and settlement systems for participating banks in various 
countries through settlement agreements (the “Settlement Agreements”) on the clearing of Renminbi 
business with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (each, a “Renminbi 
Clearing Bank”) and these RMB Clearing Banks have been permitted to engage in the settlement of 
Renminbi trade transactions. 
However, the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited.  
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. 
Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from 
PBoC, although the PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC’s onshore inter-
bank market for the purchase and sale of Renminbi. The relevant Renminbi Clearing Bank only has 
access to its own onshore liquidity support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of its 
relevant participating banks for limited types of transactions. The relevant Renminbi Clearing Bank is

--- Page 23 ---
A47532663 
23
not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange 
transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source sufficient 
Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square 
such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future or the Settlement 
Agreements will not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting 
availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the 
liquidity of the RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore 
market to service its RMB Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such 
Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as U.S. 
dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part 
of their investment when converting such currency back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing 
exchange rate at that time. As a result, Noteholders may receive a lower income on their investments in 
the Notes or lose all or part of their investment. 
2.5
Risk Factors Relating to Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of any specific Series of Notes will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes 
may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. The market values of 
securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more 
in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Notes and Noteholders could lose part of 
their investment. 
3
Risk Factors Relating to the market generally 
No active Secondary/Trading Market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche 
is to be consolidated with and form a single Series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If 
the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions 
and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although in relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, the Final Terms of the Notes will be filed with the AMF in Paris where the Notes will 
be listed and admitted to trading, there is no assurance that such filings will be accepted, that any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be so listed and admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any 
particular Tranche of Notes. As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at 
prices that will enable them to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
Market Value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of 
additional factors, including the value of an index, including, but not limited to, the volatility of an index, 
market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date.

--- Page 24 ---
A47532663 
24
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris. 
The value of the Notes or the Inflation Indices depends on a number of interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial and political events in France, in the United Kingdom (including Brexit) or 
elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the 
Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be 
at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
Noteholder and result in losing part of their investment in the Notes. The historical level of the Inflation 
Index should not be taken as an indication of such index’s future performance during the term of any 
Note. 
Exchange Rates risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. Prospective investors of the Notes 
should be aware that an investment in the Notes may involve exchange rate risks. The reference assets 
or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the currency of the purchaser’s home 
jurisdiction; and/or the reference assets or the Notes may be denominated in a currency other than the 
currency in which a purchaser wishes to receive funds. Exchange rates between currencies are 
determined by factors of supply and demand in the international currency markets which are influenced 
by macro-economic factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention (including the 
imposition of currency controls and restrictions). Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect the value of 
the Notes or the reference assets. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If this risk ever materialises, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all.

--- Page 25 ---
A47532663 
25
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following pages identified in the 
cross-reference table below of the following documents which have been previously filed with the AMF as 
competent authority in France for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
(A)
the pages referred to in the table below which are included in the Issuer’s 2021 Document 
d’Enregistrement Universel in the French language, filed with the AMF under no. D.22-0185 on 29 
March 2022 (the “2021 Universal Registration Document”), which includes the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by 
the 
European 
Union 
(https://www.arkema.com/files/live/sites/shared_arkema/files/downloads/investorrelations/fr/finance/A
RK2021_ARKEMA_URD_FR_V5BAT_MEL_2022_03_28.pdf); 
(B)
the pages referred to in the table below which are included in the Issuer’s 2020 Document 
d’Enregistrement Universel in the French language, filed with the AMF under no. D.21-0206 on 
26 March 2021 (the “2020 Universal Registration Document”), which includes the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2020 prepared in accordance with 
IFRS 
as 
adopted 
by 
the 
European 
Union 
(https://www.arkema.com/files/live/sites/shared_arkema/files/downloads/investorrelations/fr/finance/d
ocument-enregistrement-universel-2020-arkema.pdf); 
(C)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 9 October 2013, 
https://www.arkema.com/export/sites/global/.content/medias/downloads/investorrelations/en/finance/a
rkema-base-prospectus-emtn-october-2013.pdf (the “2013 EMTN Conditions”);
(D)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
19 December 2014, 
https://www.arkema.com/export/sites/global/.content/medias/downloads/investorrelations/en/finance/a
rkema-base-prospectus-emtn-december-2014.pdf (the “2014 EMTN Conditions”);
(E)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
25 November 2016, 
https://www.arkema.com/export/sites/global/.content/medias/downloads/investorrelations/en/finance/a
rkema-2016-base-prospectus.pdf (the “2016 EMTN Conditions”);
(F)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
28 November 2017, 
https://www.arkema.com/export/sites/global/.content/medias/downloads/investorrelations/en/finance/a
rkema-base-prospectus-emtn.pdf (the “2017 EMTN Conditions”); 
(G)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
12 December 2018, 
https://www.arkema.com/export/sites/global/.content/medias/downloads/investorrelations/en/finance/a
rkema-12.12.2018-base-prospectus-emtn-programme.pdf (the "2018 EMTN Conditions"); and
(H)
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 January 
2020, 
https://www.arkema.com/files/live/sites/shared_arkema/files/downloads/investorrelations/en/finance/ar
kema-2020-emtn-programme_base-prospectus_final-version.pdf (the “2020 EMTN Conditions” and, 
together with the 2013 EMTN Conditions, the 2014 EMTN Conditions, the 2016 EMTN Conditions, 
the 2017 EMTN Conditions and the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the “EMTN Previous Conditions”).

--- Page 26 ---
A47532663 
26
Such pages and document shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The availability of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus is described in 
section “General Information” under paragraph (10) “Documents available”. 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and are either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The English translations of the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document are available on the website of the Issuer (www.arkema.com). Such English translations are available 
for information purposes only and are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and may not be 
relied upon. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference, the information on the websites to 
which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the AMF. 
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the following cross-reference table (in which the 
numbering refers to the relevant items of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation (the “Commission Delegated 
Regulation”). 
For the avoidance of doubt, “Not applicable” in the cross-reference table below means that the information is 
not relevant for the purposes of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation. 
Items of such Annex 7 which are not listed in the cross-reference table below are also not relevant because they 
are included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
However, the information set out in the section “Description of Arkema” can complete, modify or supersede 
the information incorporated by reference.  
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as 
amended
2021 Registration 
Document 
2020 Registration 
Document
1.
PERSONS 
RESPONSIBLE, 
THIRD 
PARTY 
INFORMATION, 
EXPERTS' 
REPORTS 
AND 
COMPETENT AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
2.
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
3.
RISK FACTORS
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to the issuer 
and that may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited number of categories, in a section 
headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
Pages 70 to 82 
Not applicable

--- Page 27 ---
A47532663 
27
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as 
amended
2021 Registration 
Document 
2020 Registration 
Document
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of the 
issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on a 
regulated market, taking into account the negative impact on the 
issuer and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set out first. 
The risk factors shall be corroborated by the content of the 
registration document. 
4.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
4.1.1
the legal and commercial name of the issuer 
Page 342 
Not applicable 
4.1.2
the place of registration of the issuer and its registration number 
and legal entity identifier (‘LEI’) 
Page 342 
Not applicable 
4.1.3
the date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, except 
where the period is indefinite 
Page 342 
Not applicable 
4.1.4
the domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under 
which the issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of its registered office (or principal 
place of business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the information 
on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus 
Page 342 
Not applicable 
4.1.5
any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to the evaluation of the issuer's solvency 
Pages 256-257  
Not applicable 
5.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
5.1 
Principal activities 
5.1.1
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities stating the 
main categories of products sold and/or services performed; and 
Pages 4 to 7 and 54 to 
65 
Not applicable 
5.1.2
The basis for any statements in the registration document made by 
the issuer regarding its competitive position. 
Pages 54 to 65 
Not applicable 
6.
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and 
the issuer’s position within the group. This may be in the form of, 
or accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the structure. 
Pages 343 to 344 
Not applicable 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within the group, this 
must be clearly stated together with an explanation of this 
dependence. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
7.
TREND INFORMATION 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
7.1 
A description of: 
(a)
any material adverse change in the prospects of the 
issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements; and 
Pages 256-257 
Not applicable

--- Page 28 ---
A47532663 
28
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as 
amended
2021 Registration 
Document 
2020 Registration 
Document
(b)
any significant change in the financial performance of 
the group since the end of the last financial period for 
which financial information has been published to the 
date of the registration document. 
If neither of the above are applicable then the issuer should 
include (an) appropriate negative statement(s).
8.
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
9.
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of the principal activities 
performed by them outside of that issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that issuer: 
(a)
members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
(b)
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
Pages 97 to 104 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
9.2. 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuer, of 
the persons referred to in item 9.1, and their private interests and 
or other duties must be clearly stated.  
In the event that there are no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
Page 107 
Not applicable 
10.
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
Pages 349 to 350 
Not applicable 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in 
control of the issuer. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE 
ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES
11.1 
Historical Financial Information Historical financial information 
covering the latest two financial years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the issuer has been in operation and the audit 
report in respect of each year. 
Pages 262 to 315 
Pages 263 to 321 
(a)
the balance sheet 
Page 263 
Page 264 
(b)
the income statement 
Page 262 
Page 263 
(c)
the cash flow statement 
Page 264 
Page 265

--- Page 29 ---
A47532663 
29
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as 
amended
2021 Registration 
Document 
2020 Registration 
Document
(d)
the accounting policies and explanatory notes 
Pages 266 to 315 
Pages 267 to 321 
11.2 
Auditing of historical financial information 
11.2.1 
A statement that the historical financial information has been 
audited.  
Pages 258 to 261 
Pages 258 to 262 
11.2.1
a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial information have 
been refused by the statutory auditors or where they contain 
qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of matter 
must be reproduced in full. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.2.2 
An indication of other information in the registration document 
which has been audited by the auditors. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.2.3 
Where financial information in the registration document is not 
extracted from the issuer’s audited financial statements state the 
source of the data and state that the data is not audited. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
11.3.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent 
past significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s financial 
position or profitability, or provide an appropriate negative 
statement. 
Pages 74 and 300  
to 302 
Not applicable 
11.4 
Significant change in the issuer’s financial or trading position 
11.4.1 
A description of any significant change in the financial position 
of the group which has occurred since the end of the last financial 
period for which either audited financial information or interim 
financial information have been published, or provide an 
appropriate negative statement. 
Not applicable 
Not applicable 
12.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS
12.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not entered into 
in the ordinary course of the issuer’s business, which could result 
in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to security 
holders in respect of the securities being issued. 
Page 67 
Not applicable 
13.
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
Not applicable 
Not applicable

--- Page 30 ---
A47532663 
30
Any information not listed above but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for 
information purposes only and shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued with 
the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2013 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 24 to 63 of the base prospectus dated 
9 October 2013 
2014 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 25 to 59 of the base prospectus dated 
19 December 2014 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 26 to 59 of the base prospectus dated 
25 November 2016 
2017 EMTN Conditions  
Pages 27 to 55 of the base prospectus dated 
28 November 2017  
2018 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 31 to 69 of the base prospectus dated 
12 December 2018 
2020 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 52 to 97 of the base prospectus dated 28 January 
2020

--- Page 31 ---
A47532663 
31
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer is required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to provisions of Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a further Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market for a Member State of the EEA or offered to 
the public in a Member State of the EEA, shall constitute (only in respect of an appropriate supplement to the 
Base Prospectus) a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from 
this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching 
to the Notes, and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each 
Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto or replacement Base Prospectus as such Dealer may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 32 ---
A47532663 
32
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted 
by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the 
full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms 
and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), 
shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
All capitalised terms are defined in these Conditions and those which are not will have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms. 
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 6 May 2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
the “Amended and Restated Agency Agreement”) has been agreed between Arkema (“Arkema” or the 
“Issuer”), Société Générale as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, 
the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are 
referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent), the “Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The 
holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) 
relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the 
“Talons”) for further Coupons (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts (the “Receipts”) for the 
payment of instalments of principal (the “Receiptholders”) relating to Materialised Notes of which the 
principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Amended and 
Restated Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in 
a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended from time to time. 
1
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a)
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised 
form (“Materialised Notes”). 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”) by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be 
issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Final Terms”), in either bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), in which case they are inscribed 
in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) (“Euroclear France”) which shall credit 
the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with French law unless such 
right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 33 ---
A47532663 
33
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any financial intermediary institution 
entitled directly or indirectly to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and 
includes the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”). 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). Materialised Bearer Notes 
are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in 
the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes 
are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such as Notes) which are 
governed by French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b)
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a Base 
Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other 
higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c)
Title: 
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only 
be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer 
or of the Registration Agent. 
(ii)
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes”), 
shall pass by delivery. 
(iii)
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined 
below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(iv)
In these Conditions, “holder of Notes”, “holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” means (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to 
such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating 
that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d)
Redenomination: 
(i)
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30

--- Page 34 ---
A47532663 
34
calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 15 and on or after the date on which the 
European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from 
time to time (the “Treaty”)), or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects, 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series (as defined below) into Euro and 
adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes 
effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii)
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
€0.01 (with €0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from 
conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes 
so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than €0.01 shall be paid by way 
of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest €0.01 (with €0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash 
adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to 
Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii)
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv)
In connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant 
to Condition 14, the Issuer may without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon but with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, 
any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into 
account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it 
believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(v)
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
2
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a)
Dematerialised Notes: 
(i)
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur).

--- Page 35 ---
A47532663 
35
(iii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder. 
(b)
Materialised Notes: 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Bearer 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time 
to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
4
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding (as 
defined below), the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries (as defined below) 
will, create or permit to subsist any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge (other than a lien arising by operation of law) 
or other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) (“Security”) upon any of their respective assets or revenues, 
present or future, to secure (i) any Relevant Debt (as defined below) or (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect 
of any Relevant Debt unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes (a) are 
equally and rateably secured therewith or (b) have the benefit of such other security or other arrangement as 
shall be approved by the Masse (as defined in Condition 11) pursuant to Condition 11. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption monies (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such 
redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder 
as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account 
of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent 
and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts 
and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have 
become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in 
the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes that have been 
surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining 
how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent 
that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its 
provisions. 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of, or represented 
by, bonds or notes (obligations) or other debt securities (including titres de créances négociables), issued by 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted,

--- Page 36 ---
A47532663 
36
admitted to trading or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other securities 
market. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person or entity at any time, any other person or entity controlled directly 
or indirectly by such person or entity within the meaning of Articles L.233-1 and L.233-3 of the French Code 
de commerce. 
“Principal Subsidiary” means, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose capital employed 
represents more than five per cent. (5%) of the consolidated capital employed of the Group or whose turnover 
represents more than five per cent. (5%) of the consolidated turnover of the Group. 
“Capital employed” means the capital employed calculated by aggregating the net carrying amounts of 
intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, equity affiliate investments and loans, other investments, other 
non-current assets (excluding deferred tax assets) and working capital. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.
5
Interest and other Calculations 
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or the 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and 
which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case 
may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate);
(ii)
the Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, 
as the case may be; or (if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged);
(iii)
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)(b) and which is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b)(iii)(D)(d).
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or
(ii)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that 
it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances

--- Page 37 ---
A47532663 
37
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or
(iii)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes; or
(v)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the 
date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the 
date of the relevant public statement. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i)
in the case of euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer system (known as TARGET 2 system) or any successor thereto (the “TARGET 
System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or
(ii)
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any); and/or
(iii)
in the case of a specified currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or
(iv)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” or “Act/Act” or “Act/Act (ISDA)” is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 – FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator 
is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 – FBF shall mean the sum 
of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the non-
leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of 
actual calendar days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366;

--- Page 38 ---
A47532663 
38
(iii)
if “Actual/Actual – FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each calculation, 
the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during such period 
and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period);
(iv)
if “Actual/Actual – ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(B)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 

the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and

the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year, 
in each case where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the Interest Payment Date;
(v)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365;
(vi)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360;
(vii)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
DAY COUNT FRACTION= 
[360 × (Y2-Y1)]+[30 × (M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 39 ---
A47532663 
39
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and
(viii)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
DAY COUNT FRACTION= 
[360 × (Y2-Y1)]+[30 × (M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(ix)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
DAY COUNT FRACTION= 
[360 × (Y2-Y1)]+[30 × (M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 40 ---
A47532663 
40
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to 
time. 
“FBF” means the Fédération Bancaire Française. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the June 2013/2007 FBF Master Agreement relating 
to transactions on forward financial instruments and the technical schedules (additifs techniques) 
published from time to time by the FBF, as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period or 
the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling (and in such case only if the relevant Reference Rate is not 
SONIA) or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro and if the relevant Reference Rate is not SONIA or (iv) (where SONIA is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms) the fifth London Business Day (or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the last day of each Interest Accrual Period. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
A47532663 
41
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the principal offices of five 
major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Inter-Bank Market” means such inter-bank market as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.  
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any 
successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent 
Adviser shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is the most appropriate, taking 
into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes: 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum

--- Page 42 ---
A47532663 
42
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
(except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the relevant Business Day Convention 
is to be applied on an “unadjusted” basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be 
affected by the application of the Business Day Convention. 
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(A)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent for a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF 
Definitions and under which: 
(a)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(b)
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date is the first calendar day of that 
Interest Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate” (Taux Variable), “Floating 
Rate Determination Date” (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and 
“Transaction” (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions.

--- Page 43 ---
A47532663 
43
(B)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(a)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(b)
the designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(c)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes:
(a)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i)
the offered quotation or 
(ii)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 
(i) 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) or (ii) if otherwise, the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. 
(b)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, (i) if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, or (ii) if otherwise, each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 44 ---
A47532663 
44
(c)
If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if otherwise, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, 
if otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time), or, if otherwise, at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-bank market, or, if 
otherwise, the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, as the case may be, provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; (ii) if at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations) and (iii) if on 
any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its

--- Page 45 ---
A47532663 
45
absolute discretion, in accordance with the then prevailing standard market 
practice. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d): 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where 
the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading 
swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency 
is U.S. dollar, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in 
the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap 
dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected 
by the Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to a Reference Currency, the 
financial centre specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Specified Time” and “Relevant Screen 
Page” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(i)
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
(the “ISDA Definitions”)) with a designated maturity determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the then prevailing standard market 
practice or the ISDA Definitions;
(ii)
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 
(Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day

--- Page 46 ---
A47532663 
46
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one 
year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one 
year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a designated maturity of three 
months;
(iii)
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollar, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a 
fixed-for-floating U.S. dollar interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity of three months; and
(iv)
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(e)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the €STR rate of 
interest determination method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “€STR 
Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either €STR Lookback Compound or €STR Shift Compound 
as follows: 
(x) if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be €STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(y) if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be €STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any);
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e): 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards:

--- Page 47 ---
A47532663 
47
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“d0” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling 
“p” TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, 
the last TARGET Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period;
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period specified in the Final Terms; 
and 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period. 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + €STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of TARGET Business Days in 
the relevant Observation Period;
“€STRi” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR in respect of that TARGET Business Day “i”;

--- Page 48 ---
A47532663 
48
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the 
last TARGET Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period;
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the following TARGET Business Day (“i+1”);
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of TARGET Business Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of the such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of TARGET Business 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period; and
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of TARGET Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, 
the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in 
respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below). 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, then the rate of €STR for each relevant 
TARGET Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were to the ECB Recommended 
Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day 
occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each 
relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after that ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above (the “€STR Replacement 
Rate”), will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), (i) 
the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each relevant 
TARGET Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective

--- Page 49 ---
A47532663 
49
Date were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR 
is published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the 
Modified EDFR; or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date 
and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, 
as if the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR 
(though, in each case, substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), 
including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision 
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial 
and reasonable manner, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), no €STR Replacement Rate 
will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), and the 
€STR Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be equal to 
the last €STR available, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the

--- Page 50 ---
A47532663 
50
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms);
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1)
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or
(2)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate;
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect 
of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the 
ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms);
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) No. 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), 
as amended from time to time;
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank;
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(1)
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first TARGET Business Day following the €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 
thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately preceding

--- Page 51 ---
A47532663 
51
the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; 
or 
(2)
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred;
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks 
located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) 
(or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), 
such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day;
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1)
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or
(2)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR;
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms);
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread;

--- Page 52 ---
A47532663 
52
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(f)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR Benchmark, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be equal 
to the relevant SOFR Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date.  
The “SOFR Benchmark” will be determined based on Simple SOFR Average, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR Index, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “SOFR Rate of Interest Determination”), as follows: 
(x)
if Simple SOFR Average (“Simple SOFR Average”) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the SOFR Benchmark will 
be determined, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR reference rates for each day 
during the period, as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), and where the SOFR reference rate on the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from 
(and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the 
Interest Period Date. 
(y)
if Compounded Daily SOFR (“Compounded Daily SOFR”) is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the SOFR Benchmark 
will be determined, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be equal to the compounded average of daily SOFR reference rates 
for each day during the relevant Interest Accrual Period (where SOFR 
Lag, SOFR Payment Delay or SOFR Lockout is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms to determine Compounded Daily SOFR) or the 
SOFR Observation Period (where SOFR Observation Shift is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms to determine Compounded Daily 
SOFR). 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with one of the 
formulas referenced below depending upon which is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) SOFR Lag: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−×𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1) × 360
𝑑
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where:

--- Page 53 ---
A47532663 
53
“SOFRi-xUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling the number of 
Lookback Days prior to that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i);
“Lookback Days” means such number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day from 
(and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i)”); and
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
(ii)
SOFR Observation Shift: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1) × 360
𝑑
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate 
for that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i);
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the number of 
SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period;
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period;
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each U.S. Government Securities Business Day from (and

--- Page 54 ---
A47532663 
54
including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period (each a “U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i)”); and
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
(iii)
SOFR Payment Delay: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1) × 360
𝑑
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i);
“Interest Payment Date” shall be the number of Interest Payment Delay 
Days following each Interest Period Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the relevant Optional Redemption Date;
“Interest Payment Delay Days” means the number of Business Days as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i)”); and
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  
For the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SOFR with respect to 
the final Interest Accrual Period where SOFR Payment Delay is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR reference rate for each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, shall be the SOFR 
reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 55 ---
A47532663 
55
(iv)
SOFR Lockout: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1) × 360
𝑑
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), except that the SOFR 
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i) in respect of the 
period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Interest Accrual Period Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the SOFR reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date;
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i)”); and
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day(i), means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for the 
purposes of Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(x) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(y): 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen 
designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service;
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the reference rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following provision: 
(i)
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time as such reference rate is reported on the 
Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page; the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published at the SOFR Determination Time as 
such reference rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=; 
or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;

--- Page 56 ---
A47532663 
56
(ii)
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the SOFR 
reference rate shall be the reference rate published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website; or
(iii)
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set 
forth in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(aa) shall apply;
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. 
(z)
if Compounded SOFR Index (“Compounded SOFR Index”) is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SOFR Benchmark for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the compounded average of daily 
SOFR reference rates for each day during the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) as follows: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
)
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFR Index” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at the SOFR Index Determination Time on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, provided that:  
(a)
if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred, the “SOFR Index” shall be 
calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with the Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR 
formula 
described 
above 
in 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(y)(ii) “SOFR Observation Shift”, and the term 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” shall mean 5 U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days; or
(b)
if the value specified above does not appear and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark

--- Page 57 ---
A47532663 
57
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f)(aa) shall apply;
“SOFR IndexEnd” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms prior to the Interest Period Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, 
the Maturity Date); 
“SOFR IndexStart” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Index Determination Time” means, in respect of a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, approximately 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the number of 
SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the applicable SOFR 
Observation Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for so 
long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for purpose of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f): 
“Alternate Agent” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial expert with appropriate expertise appointed by 
the Issuer;
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(currently, 
being 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-averages-and-index), or 
any successor source;
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” means the Benchmark Replacement 
Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark; 
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Transition Event with respect to the then-current Benchmark;

--- Page 58 ---
A47532663 
58
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.  
(aa)
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f), if the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect 
of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time.  
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f), including any determination 
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent, as 
applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from the Noteholders or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f), if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, no Benchmark Replacement will be 
adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
and the Benchmark Replacement will be SOFR determined as of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding the 
Benchmark Replacement Date.  
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for 
purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f):  
“Benchmark” means, initially, the relevant SOFR Benchmark specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; provided that if the Calculation Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the relevant 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 59 ---
A47532663 
59
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), 
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or
(iii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing 
that the Benchmark is no longer representative or has been or 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either 
generally or with respect to the Notes;
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)
the sum of:  
(a)
the alternate reference rate that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation 
thereof); and 
(b)
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
(ii)
the sum of:  
(a)
the ISDA Fallback Rate; and 
(b)
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or

--- Page 60 ---
A47532663 
60
(iii)
the sum of:  
(a)
the alternate reference rate that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof) giving due 
consideration 
to 
any 
industry-accepted 
reference rate as a replacement for the then-
current Benchmark (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation 
thereof) for U.S. dollar-denominated Floating 
Rate Notes at such time; and 
(b)
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;
(ii)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or
(iii)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Alternate Agent giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of 
the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof) with the applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
for 
U.S. 
dollar-
denominated Floating Rate Notes at such time;
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect 
to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) the Calculation Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Alternate Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Alternate Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other

--- Page 61 ---
A47532663 
61
manner as the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent determines is reasonably necessary acting in good faith and in a 
commercial manner);
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
any daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i)
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of: 
(x)
the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein; and  
(y)
the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or
(ii)
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the 
Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or 
any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment;
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (1) if the Benchmark is the SOFR Benchmark, the SOFR 
Determination Time (where Simple SOFR Average or Compounded Daily 
SOFR is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or SOFR 
Index Determination Time (where Compounded SOFR Index is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), or (2) if the Benchmark is not 
the SOFR Benchmark, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Alternate Agent after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;

--- Page 62 ---
A47532663 
62
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(g)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the SONIA rate of 
interest determination method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “SONIA Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined could be either SONIA Compounded Index Rate or SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows:  
(x)
SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
If SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, be the 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate as follows, plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g)(x): 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
during the Observation Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual 
Period (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards, 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
 −1) ×  (365
𝑑)
provided, however, that if the SONIA Compounded Index Value is not 
available in relation to any Interest Accrual Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page for the determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded 
IndexSTART and SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated for such Interest Accrual Period on the basis of the SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(g)(y) as if SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate with 
Observation Shift had been specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
“Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback 
Screen Page” as specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
Where:

--- Page 63 ---
A47532663 
63
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period;
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling “p” London Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date which is “p” 
London Business Days prior to the Issue Date) and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling 
“p” London Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable);
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period the whole number specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five 
London Business Days) representing a number of London Business Days;
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the SONIA 
Compounded Index administered by the Bank of England (or any 
successor administrator thereof);
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the date falling 
“p” London Business Days prior to (i) the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period, or (ii) in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the 
Issue Date;
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA Compounded 
Index Value on the date falling “p” London Business Days prior to (i) in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) if the Notes become due and payable prior 
to the end of an Interest Accrual Period, the date on which the Notes 
become so due and payable; and
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means in relation to any London 
Business Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index as published 
by authorised distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such London 
Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be 
obtained from such authorised distributors, as published on the Bank of 
England’s Website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of 
publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) on such London Business 
Day. 
(y)
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
If SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be 
the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows, plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any),

--- Page 64 ---
A47532663 
64
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards, 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴i × ni
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] × 365
𝑑
Where: 
“London Business Day”, “Observation Period” and “p” have the 
meanings set out under Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g)(x);
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i)
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant: 
(i)
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Business Day in the relevant: 
(i)
Observation Period where Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar 
days from and including such London Business Day “i” up to but 
excluding the following London Business Day;
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of: 
(i)
that London Business Day “i” where Observation Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
the London Business Day (being a London Business Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” London Business 
Days prior to the relevant London Business Day “i” where Lag 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Business Day, is 
a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average

--- Page 65 ---
A47532663 
65
(“SONIA”) rate for such London Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page on the next following London Business Day 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as published by authorised 
distributors on such London Business Day or, if SONIA cannot be 
obtained from such authorised distributors, as published on the Bank of 
England’s Website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of 
publishing the SONIA reference rate). 
(z)
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms and either (i) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, if, in respect of any 
London Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable, (or 
as otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof), such Reference 
Rate shall be:  
1.
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Business 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which the SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate, or 
2.
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided 
in the relevant definition thereof) for the first preceding London 
Business Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the 
relevant definition thereof), and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(aa)
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate

--- Page 66 ---
A47532663 
66
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long 
as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(D)
Benchmark discontinuation 
(a)
Independent Adviser 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (except in respect of Conditions 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), 
5(c)(iii)(C)(f) and 5(c)(iii)(C)(g)) and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner 
as an independent expert and in consultation with the Issuer. The Issuer will not 
take any discretionary decision on the basis of such consultation. In the absence of 
bad faith, manifest error or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a) shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a).

--- Page 67 ---
A47532663 
67
(b)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)).  
(c)
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
(ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(d)
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(e)
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative of the Masse and, in accordance with Condition 15, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by an authorised 
signatory of the Issuer and the Independent Adviser:

--- Page 68 ---
A47532663 
68
(i)
confirming, on the basis of the determination of the Independent Adviser (i) 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D); and
(ii)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, 
the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(f)
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (a), 
(b), (c) and (d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred. 
(g)
New Benchmark Event in respect of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If Benchmark Amendments have been implemented pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) and a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the Original Reference 
Rate. 
(iv)
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes: 
1.
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, 
this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set 
out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the “CPI 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(1), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” 
is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below)

--- Page 69 ---
A47532663 
69
applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may 
be and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
(as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of 
any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month 
preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3+ D-1
NDM
×(CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2-CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3)
With: 
“NDM”: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment 
of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25;
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2;
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on 
the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg 
TRESOR <GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in 
the interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such 
methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French 
Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur 
l’inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index 
excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein. 
(B)
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued 
by the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – 
www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 Paper entitled “Inflation linked bonds”. In the 
case of any conflict between the calculation method provided below and the 
calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified

--- Page 70 ---
A47532663 
70
in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined 
above). 
(C)
(1)
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a 
substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) 
has already been published, such index shall automatically be used 
as the Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional 
CPI Monthly Reference Index would be published under the 
heading “indice de substitution”. Once the definitive CPI Monthly 
Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply from the 
day following its release to all calculations taking place from this 
date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-1×
CPI Monthly Reference Index
M-1
1
12
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-13
(2)
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1 March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key= CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index
Date D
New Basis=CPI Monthly Reference Index
Date D
Previous BasisXKey 
2.
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, 
this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set 
out below only when this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the “HICP 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:

--- Page 71 ---
A47532663 
71
(A)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index 
Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(2), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” 
is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined 
below) applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the 
case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 
5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of 
any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding 
such month, and (B) in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given 
month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month (M - 3) and the 
second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3+ D-1
NDM
×(HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2-HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3)
With: 
“NDM”: number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31;
“D”: actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment 
of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25;
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2”: price index of month M - 2;
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3”: price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will 
be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on 
the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr
and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index of consumer 
prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index 
may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(B)
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified 
in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined 
above).

--- Page 72 ---
A47532663 
72
(C)
(1)
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, 
a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute HICP 
Monthly Reference Index”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as 
the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive 
HICP Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically 
apply from the day following its release to all calculations taking 
place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-1×
HICP Monthly Reference Index
M-1
1
12
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-13
(2)
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different 
basis will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly 
Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to 
the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1 March of the following year. 
Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key= HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference Index
Date D
New Basis=HICP Monthly Reference Index
Date D
Previous BasisXKey 
(d)
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect, upon giving not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior notice in accordance with Condition 14, 
to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate (the “Optional Change of Interest Date”) or (ii) that will automatically change 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the 
Final Terms (the “Automatic Change of Interest Date”). 
(e)
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(i)(i)). 
(f)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to

--- Page 73 ---
A47532663 
73
accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
5 to the Relevant Date. 
(g)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts, 
and Rounding: 
(i)
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. In no 
event shall the applicable rate of interest (including, for the sake of clarity, any applicable margin) 
be less than zero. 
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency. 
(h)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect 
of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the 
Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such exchange as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the

--- Page 74 ---
A47532663 
74
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, subject in the case of 
(i) €STR to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e), (ii) SOFR Benchmark to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(f) and (iii) SONIA 
to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(g), nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(j)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(k)
RMB Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by 
the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to 
be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination and Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest per Specified 
Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period or, 
as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant figure to the

--- Page 75 ---
A47532663 
75
nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
(l)
Adjustment of the Rate of Interest: If an Interest Rate Adjustment is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the rate of interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment following the occurrence 
of a Step Up Event or a Step Down Event (each such adjustment an “Interest Rate Adjustment”). Any 
Interest Rate Adjustment shall be effective from and including the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the date of the Step Up Event or the Step Down Event (as applicable) until the Maturity Date.
For the avoidance of doubt, in relation to an Interest Period, a Step Up Event or Step Down Event will 
only result in an Interest Rate Adjustment on the immediately following Interest Payment Date to the 
extent that neither a Step Down Event, nor a Step Up Event, as relevant, subsequently occurs during 
such Interest Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the concurrence or succession of two or more Step Up Events will result in 
one Interest Rate Adjustment only. 
The Issuer will cause each Step Up Event and each Step Down Event to be notified to the Fiscal Agent 
and notice thereof to be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible 
after the occurrence of the Step Up Event or the Step Down Event. 
For so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure the 
existence of a Rating from at least one Rating Agency. 
The announcement by at least one Rating Agency of a decrease in the Rating which results in the Issuer 
ceasing to have an Investment Grade Rating shall constitute a Step Up Event (a “Downgrade Step Up 
Event”). 
In the event that the Issuer deliberately renounces to maintain a Rating from at least one Rating Agency, 
a Step Up Event shall be deemed to have occurred as from the date upon which such a Rating ceases to 
be assigned (a “No Rating Step Up Event”). 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
“Interest Rate Adjustment” means that the rate of interest payable under the Notes shall be equal to: 
(a)
the Initial Rate of Interest plus the Margin Adjustment as specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
the case of a Step Up Event; and
(b)
the Initial Rate of Interest, in the case of a Step Down Event. 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Investment Grade Rating” means a rating of BBB- or Baa3, or the equivalent rating level for the time 
being, or better. 
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or Moody’s Deutschland GmbH or any 
other rating agency of equivalent international standing requested by the Issuer to grant a rating to the 
Issuer’s senior unsecured long-term debt and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. 
“Rating” means the rating of the Issuer’s senior unsecured long-term debt. 
“Step Down Event” means, where the rate of interest has previously been subject to an Interest Rate 
Adjustment following a Step Up Event, the first public announcement by a Rating Agency that it has 
assigned a Rating equal to an Investment Grade Rating. 
“Step Up Event” means a No Rating Step Up Event or a Downgrade Step Up Event.

--- Page 76 ---
A47532663 
76
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Rate Adjustment will apply in the case of an early redemption of 
the Notes at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control as set forth in Condition 6(k). 
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a)
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note 
falling within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b)
Redemption by Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount 
(or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such 
Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of 
the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the 
due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, 
in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment 
Amount. 
(c)
Residual Call Option: If a Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem, at any time as from the Call Option Date (as specified in the Final Terms) which shall 
be no earlier than 3 months before the Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date, the Notes, in whole or in 
part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) shall apply mutatis mutandis
to this Condition 6(c). 
(d)
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If a Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at 
any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date (the “Optional Redemption Date”) at their 
Optional Redemption Amount. The Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent and will be the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, 
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case 
(x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date.
If a Residual Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Optional Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer will be calculated taking into account the Call 
Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(c) above and not the 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 77 ---
A47532663 
77
The “Redemption Rate” is the average of the four quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the 
mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
on the fourth business day preceding the Optional Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European 
time (CET)). 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent which are primary 
European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) will be chosen by the Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the 
third business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 15. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) shall apply mutatis mutandis
to this Condition 6(d). 
(e)
Clean-Up Call Option: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, if at least 75 per cent. 
of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series have been redeemed or purchased 
and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ 
notice to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Clean-Up Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms).
(f)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, all or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, 
some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption, if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least 
equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes to be 
redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable 
in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements of the Regulated Market on 
which the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes of any Series, the redemption may 
be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated Market 
and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has

--- Page 78 ---
A47532663 
78
been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-
4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) 
and on the website of any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption 
but not surrendered. 
(g)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office during 
usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form 
obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent, within the notice period. In the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the 
account of the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris as specified in the 
Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may 
be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h)
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis:
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purpose of this Condition 6(h) the ratio determined on the fifth Business Day before 
the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index, on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference 
on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at 
par. 
(i)
Early Redemption: 
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(j) or Condition 6(o) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(j) or Condition 6(o) or upon it becoming due and payable as

--- Page 79 ---
A47532663 
79
provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Amortised Nominal Amount becomes due and payable were 
the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case 
the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii)
Inflation Linked Notes: 
(A)
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(h) shall apply in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount upon redemption of such Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6(j), or Condition 6(o) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9, the Put Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of such Notes 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Early Redemption Amount/Put Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth Business 
Day before the date set for redemption between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the 
Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the 
HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will 
be redeemed at par. 
(B)
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(h) applies) fall to be redeemed 
for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption. Such accrued interest 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, and including 
the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption of such Notes at a rate 
per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 5 (iv) above except that, for such 
purposes the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to 
the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
(iii)
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described paragraphs “Zero Coupon Notes” and “Inflation Linked Notes” above), upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(j), or Condition 6(o), or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount.
(j)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i)
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation of, French 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment 
of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, of the Coupons or Receipts, 
not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under

--- Page 80 ---
A47532663 
80
Condition 8 below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 
30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders or, if applicable, to the holders of Coupons (the 
“Couponholders”) or to the holders of Receipts (the “Receiptholders”) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no 
earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and 
interest without withholding for such additional amounts. 
(ii)
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, Coupons, 
or Receipts, be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, Couponholders or receiptholders of the full amounts then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below, then 
the Issuer, shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon 
giving not less than seven calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders or the Receiptholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
6(i) above) together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons, or, if that date 
is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(k)
Early redemption of the Notes at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control: 
If Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and if, at any time while any 
Note remains outstanding, there occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of Control Period, a 
Rating Downgrade occurs or has occurred as a result of such Change of Control (the “Put Event”), the 
holder of such Note will have the option, (the “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the 
Notes under Condition 6(j)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the 
purchase of that Note, on the Optional Redemption Date at its principal amount together with (or where 
purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(k): 
“Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred each time that any person or group of persons 
acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) (a “Relevant Persons”) 
in each case come(s) to own or acquire(s) directly or indirectly such number of shares in the capital of 
the Issuer carrying (a) more than fifty per cent. (50%) of the voting rights exercisable at a general 
meeting of the Issuer or (b) otherwise the ability to determine in fact through voting rights held (directly 
or indirectly) by such Relevant Person(s) the decisions taken at ordinary or extraordinary shareholders’ 
general meetings of the Issuer. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of (a) the date 
of the first public announcement of the result (avis de résultat) by the AMF of the relevant Change of 
Control (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) and (b) the date of the earliest Potential Change of 
Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any) and ending on (i) the date which is 180 calendar days 
after, respectively, (a’) the Relevant Announcement Date or (b’) the date of the Potential Change of 
Control Announcement, or (ii) such longer period for which the Issuer, the Notes or the senior unsecured 
long term debt of the Issuer are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly 
within the period ending 120 calendar days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control or, as

--- Page 81 ---
A47532663 
81
the case may be, the Potential Change of Control Announcement) for rating review or, as the case may 
be, rating by, a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 70 calendar days after the public announcement 
of such consideration. 
“Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control (a) if within 
the Change of Control Period the corporate credit rating previously assigned to the Issuer by any Rating 
Agency is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective 
equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba 1, or their respective 
equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (z) if the corporate rating previously assigned to the Issuer 
by any Rating Agency was below an investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by at least 
one full rating notch (for example, from BB+ to BB or their respective equivalents) or (b) if, on the 
Relevant Announcement Date or, as the case may be, the Potential Change of Control Announcement, 
no corporate credit rating is assigned to the Issuer and, within the Change of Control Period, no Rating 
Agency assigns an investment grade rating to the Issuer (the “Non Investment Grade Rating”), 
provided that in both cases, a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in 
rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating 
Agency withdrawing, making the change in rating or assigning the Non Investment Grade Rating does 
not publicly announce or confirm that the withdrawal, the reduction or the Non Investment Grade Rating 
was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in 
respect of, the applicable Change of Control. 
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or Moody’s Deutschland GmbH or any 
other rating agency of equivalent international standing requested by the Issuer to grant a corporate credit 
rating to the Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or statement by the 
Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any designated advisor thereto relating to any specific and near-
term potential Change of Control (whereby “near-term” shall mean that such potential Change of Control 
is reasonably likely to occur, or is publicly stated by the Issuer, the actual or potential bidder or any such 
designated advisor to be intended to occur, within 12 months of the date of such announcement or 
statement). 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice 
(a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 specifying the nature of the 
Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put 
Option contained in this Condition 6(k). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of 
the Notes following a Put Event, a Noteholder must transfer or cause to be transferred its Notes to be so 
redeemed or purchased to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Put Option Notice (as defined 
below) for the account of the Issuer within the period of 45 calendar days after the Put Event Notice is 
given (the “Put Period”) together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise (a “Put Option 
Notice”) and in which the holder shall specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under 
this Condition 6(k). 
A Put Option Notice once given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the 
Issuer, procure the purchase of the Notes in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been 
validly exercised as provided above and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Fiscal 
Agent for the account of the Issuer, on the date which is the fifth (5) business day in Paris following the 
end of the Put Period (the “Optional Redemption Date”). Payment in respect of such Notes will be 
made on the Optional Redemption Date by transfer to the bank account specified in the Put Option 
Notice and otherwise subject to the provisions of Condition 7.

--- Page 82 ---
A47532663 
82
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever kind 
(including breakage costs) which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such 
Noteholder’s exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control 
Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising there from or otherwise). 
(l)
Redemption on Acquisition Event 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event (as 
defined below) occurs, the Issuer may, on giving promptly and in any event not more than 60 days after 
the occurrence of such Acquisition Event and not more than 30 nor less than 15 calendar days before the 
date set for redemption, irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, subject 
to having also given notice to the Fiscal Agent, redeem in whole or in part or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in whole only, the Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
The Issuer may waive its right to call the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(l) by giving notice 
(which shall be irrevocable) pursuant to Condition 15. 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall not be 
entitled, during a period of twelve (12) months following the exercise by the Issuer of such Acquisition 
Call Event Option to exercise a Clean-up Call Option in accordance with Condition 6(e) with respect to 
such Notes.  
An “Acquisition Event” shall have occurred if: 
(i)
on or prior to the Acquisition Event Limit Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Targeted Company (as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms); or
(ii)
the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Targeted 
Company (as defined in the relevant Final Terms). 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(f) shall apply mutatis mutandis
to this Condition 6(l). 
(m)
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. Unless the 
possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be cancelled or held and resold in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations. 
(n)
Cancellation: All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the 
Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, will, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(o)
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply

--- Page 83 ---
A47532663 
83
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than 45 nor less than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7
Payments and Talons 
(a)
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall be 
made (i) (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered 
dematerialised form) by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant 
Account Holders for the benefit of the relevant Noteholder and (ii), (in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
in fully registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by 
the relevant Noteholder). All payments validly made to such Account Holders will constitute an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b)
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business 
hours of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date 
for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), 
Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, (i) in the case a currency other than Renminbi, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, 
at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or (ii) in the case of Renminbi 
in Hong Kong, and (iii) in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollar, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Materialised Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and 
(iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d)
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Couponholders or 
Receiptholders in respect of such payments. 
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed under 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement and their respective specified offices are listed below. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent 
experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Registration 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent

--- Page 84 ---
A47532663 
84
where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities, (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent, 
and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the 
Notes may be listed and admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollar in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes, those Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if 
any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall 
be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10) provided that, if any Materialised 
Bearer Note should be issued with a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the 
presentation for payment of any such Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, the amount required to be deducted in respect of such unmatured Coupons 
would be greater than the relevant Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon 
the due date for redemption of any such Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) 
shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, 
upon application of the foregoing provisions in respect of such Coupons as have not so become 
void, the amount required by this paragraph to be deducted would not be greater than the relevant 
Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the foregoing 
provisions requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Materialised Bearer 
Note to become void and shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in 
preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note or an Inflation Linked Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Materialised Bearer Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 85 ---
A47532663 
85
(v)
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons, and where any such Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi)
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on 
a Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro 
and Renminbi, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the 
relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in euro, 
which is a TARGET Business Day, or (iii) in the case of payment in Renminbi, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement or Renminbi payment in Hong Kong. 
(i)
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an 
Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to 
the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by 
a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in 
whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30 
calendar day irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such 
payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollar on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such 
Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders.

--- Page 86 ---
A47532663 
86
For the purposes of this Condition 7(i): 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other 
than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, other 
than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after 
the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong or from an account outside Hong Kong to an account inside Hong Kong 
(including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is 
disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong 
and in New York City. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot RMB/U.S. dollar exchange rate 
for the purchase of U.S. dollar with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB exchange market in Hong Kong 
for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent 
at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis 
by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3 or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither such rate is available, the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the 
RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available RMB/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for 
settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page 
on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a 
comparable currency exchange rate.

--- Page 87 ---
A47532663 
87
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollar using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent. 
8
Taxation 
(a)
Withholding tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b)
Additional amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues 
in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer will, to 
the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, 
as the case may be: 
(i)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments, governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note, 
Receipt or Coupon; or
(ii)
Presentation more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised 
Notes, more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder 
or, if applicable, the Receiptholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or
(iii)
Non-cooperative State or territory: if the Notes do not benefit from any exception provided in 
Bulletins officiels des Finances Publiques Impôts, BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-20-40 dated 
20 December 2019, BOI-IR-DOMIC-10-20-20-60 dated 20 December 2019, BOI-INT-DG-20-
50-20 dated 24 February 2021 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 dated 24 February 2021of the French 
tax authorities, and when such withholding or deduction is required to be made by reason of that 
interest, Receipt or Coupon being (x) paid to a bank account opened in a financial institution 
established in, or (y) paid or accrued to a person established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative 
State or territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French 
Code général des impôts pursuant to Articles 125 A III, 119 bis and 238 A of the same code. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, all payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons shall be paid 
net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Internal Revenue Code”), 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (or 
any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement 
between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal 
or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any 
such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will 
be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding.

--- Page 88 ---
A47532663 
88
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case 
of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to 
the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 
or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
(c)
Supply of information: Each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying to the relevant Paying 
Agent, in a timely manner, any information as may be required in order to comply with the identification 
and reporting obligations imposed on it by Article 242 ter of the French Code general des impôts.
9
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined under Condition 11(a)), upon request of any Noteholder, may, upon written 
notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent given before all defaults shall have been cured, cause the principal 
amount of all the Notes (but not some only) held by such Noteholder to become immediately due and payable 
at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice 
for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent without further formality, if any of the following events (each an 
“Event of Default”) shall occur: 
(i)
the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note (including the payment 
of any additional amounts pursuant to the provisions set forth under “Taxation” above) if such default 
shall not have been cured within 14 business days in Paris; or
(ii)
there is a default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other material provision of the Notes and 
such default shall not have been cured within 30 business days in Paris after receipt by the Fiscal Agent 
of written notice of default given by the Representative upon request of the Noteholder; or
(iii)
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries being in default in the due and punctual payment of the 
principal of, or premium or interest on, any present or future indebtedness for borrowed monies when 
and as the same becomes due and payable and giving effect to any applicable grace periods, there is an 
acceleration of any such indebtedness or steps are taken to enforce any security in respect of any such 
indebtedness, provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness for borrowed money in 
respect of which any one or more of the events of default thereunder has or have occurred equals or 
exceeds Euro 80,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or
(iv)
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial transfer of the 
whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries; 
or, to the extent permitted by law, the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is subject to any other 
insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings under any applicable laws or the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries makes any conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or 
enters into a composition with its creditors; or
(v)
the Issuer and its Principal Subsidiaries taken as a whole cease to carry on all or a material part of their 
business or other operations, except for the purposes of, and following a merger or a reorganisation 
(fusion, scission or apport partiel d’actifs) (i) on terms approved by the General Meeting or by way of 
a Written Resolution to the extent that French law requires such merger or reorganisation to be submitted

--- Page 89 ---
A47532663 
89
for the approval to the General Meeting or through a Written Resolution or (ii) in the case of a Principal 
Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Principal Subsidiary are vested in the Issuer, 
another Principal Subsidiary or any other company which as a result of such merger or reorganisation 
becomes a Principal Subsidiary. 
“General Meeting” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
“Principal Subsidiary” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 4. 
“Written Resolution” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
10
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years (in the case of 
principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11
Representation of Noteholders 
(a)
Masse:
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”) which will be subject to the below 
provisions of this Condition. 
All notices, publications or inclusions specified in the French Code de commerce and relating to the 
Masse shall be done in accordance with Condition 15. 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception of 
Articles L.228-48, L.228-59, L.228-71, the second sentence of Article L.228-65 II and Articles R.228-
61, R.228-63 and R.228-69 subject to the following provisions: 
(i)
Legal Personality: 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the “Representative”) and in part through a general meeting of Noteholders (the “General 
Meeting”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to the Notes. 
(ii)
Representative of the Masse: 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality. However, the 
following persons may not be chosen as Representatives: 

the Issuer and the members of its board of directors (conseil d’administration), its general 
managers (directeurs généraux), its statutory auditors and its employees as well as their 
ascendants, descendants and spouses;

companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, their respective 
managers (gérants), general managers (directeurs généraux), members of their board of 
directors (conseil d’administration), of their management board (directoire) and of their 
supervisory board (conseil de surveillance), their statutory auditors and their employees 
as well as their ascendants, descendants and spouses;

companies holding 10 per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer and companies 
having 10 per cent. or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or

--- Page 90 ---
A47532663 
90

persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of the 
right of directing, administering or managing a business in whatever capacity. 
The names and addresses of the Representative of the Masse will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
an alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying 
Agents. 
(iii)
Powers of the Representative: 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General Meeting) 
have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests 
of the Noteholders.
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not interfere in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv)
General Meeting: 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for 
convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two 
months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of themselves to petition a 
competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided 
under Condition 15 not less than 15 calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on 
first convocation and not less than 10 calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on 
second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
correspondence, videoconference or any other means of telecommunications allowing the 
identification of the participating Noteholders as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 
of the French Code de commerce. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes 
issued with more than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the 
lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination 
of such Note. 
(v)
Powers of the General Meetings: 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of the 
Representative and also may act with respect to any other matter that relates to the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes, 
including authorising the Representative to act at law as plaintiff or defendant.

--- Page 91 ---
A47532663 
91
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the 
General Meeting may not increase the liabilities (charges) of the Noteholders, nor establish any 
unequal treatment between the Noteholders, nor to decide to convert Notes into shares. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a two-
third majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 00:00, Paris time on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved must be published in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15. 
(vi)
Written Resolutions: 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting 
to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a resolution in writing (a 
“Written Resolution”). Subject to the following sentence a Written Resolution may be contained 
in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de 
commerce approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such 
proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the 
Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written 
Resolution Date. 
A Written Resolution will be approved if, on first notice (i) Noteholders expressing their approval 
or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution hold at least one fifth of the principal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) Noteholders expressing their approval hold at least 66.6 
per cent. of such quorum.  
If such quorum is not met, a Written Resolution will be approved if, on second notice, 
Noteholders expressing their approval represent at least 66.6 per cent. of all voting Noteholders. 
(b)
Information to Noteholders: 
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right, during the 15-calendar day period 
preceding the holding of each General Meeting on first convocation and Written Resolution Date and 
during the 10-calendar day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting on second 
convocation, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the 
reports which will be prepared in connection with such resolutions, all of which will be available for

--- Page 92 ---
A47532663 
92
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of 
any of the Paying Agents during usual business hours and at any other place specified in the notice of 
the General Meeting or Written Resolution. 
(c)
Expenses: 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it 
being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(d)
Single Masse: 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the 
defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single 
Masse of all such Series. 
(e)
One Noteholder: 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of Condition 11. The Issuer shall hold a register of 
the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder and shall make them available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(f)
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to the application 
of a Benchmark Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any 
Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those Notes 
subscribed or purchased by the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and regulations that are held by it and 
not cancelled. 
12
Final Terms 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series. 
13
Replacement of definitive Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may 
from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer 
on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 93 ---
A47532663 
93
14
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a)
Further Issues: The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilables) with the Notes provided 
such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the 
principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that 
the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(b)
Consolidation: The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Consolidation Agent, may from time to time 
on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than 30 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes 
of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national 
currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally 
denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15
Notices 
(a)
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at 
the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed on Euronext Paris, in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in 
a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) 
or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of 
the AMF and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange and the 
rules of such stock exchange(s) so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located, 
and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading. 
(b)
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if (a) published so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be 
Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-
3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange, in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and admitted to 
trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c)
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(d)
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France,

--- Page 94 ---
A47532663 
94
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 15(a) and (b) 
above; except that (i) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or 
other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) or other stock exchange so require, 
notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city/ies where 
the Regulated Market(s) or other stock exchange on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
is located. 
(e)
Notices relating to the convocation, decision(s) of the General Meetings or Written Resolutions pursuant 
to Condition 11, or notices of decisions taken by the Issuer following a General Meeting or a Written 
Resolution, or pursuant to Article R.236-11 of the French Code de commerce, shall be published on the 
website of the Issuer (www.arkema.com) and: (i) in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form 
(au nominatif), mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; 
or (ii) in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the 
Notes are for the time being cleared. 
16
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b)
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
may be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 95 ---
A47532663 
95
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificate 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed 
and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) credit the accounts of subscribers 
with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such 
other clearing systems with a nominal amount of Notes. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear or Clearstream. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes upon certification in the 
form set out in the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (and which shall be available at the 
specified offices of the Paying Agents) as to non-US beneficial ownership. 
A Noteholder must exchange its share of the Temporary Global Certificate for Materialised Bearer Notes before 
interest or any amount payable in respect of the Notes will be paid. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of the Temporary Global Certificate must surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for the Temporary Global Certificate so 
surrendered, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes” means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be 
exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal requirements of the 
Regulated Market in, or substantially in, the form set out in Schedule 2 Part A to the Amended and Restated 
Agency Agreement (and which shall be available at the specified offices of the Paying Agents). 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the next day succeeding the day that is 
40 calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior 
to such day pursuant to Condition 14, the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be 
postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Notes.

--- Page 96 ---
A47532663 
96
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for Arkema’s general corporate purposes. If in respect 
of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 97 ---
A47532663 
97
DESCRIPTION OF ARKEMA  
For a general description of Arkema, its activities and its financial condition, please refer to the sections of the 
2021 Universal Registration Document identified in the cross-reference table of the “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 98 ---
A47532663 
98
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
On 5 May 2022, the Issuer published the following press release: 
"Colombes, 5 May 2022  
ARKEMA: FIRST-QUARTER 2022 RESULTS 
Arkema delivered an excellent financial performance in the first quarter, despite high raw 
materials and energy cost inflation and some disparities in growth between regions and 
markets. These results were driven by the Group’s acceleration in high performance materials, 
its ability to incorporate cost increases into its selling prices and its agility in a complex global 
environment. 
Group sales of €2.9 billion, up by 30% year-on-year at constant scope and currency: 

Volumes down slightly from last year’s high level, impacted mainly by logistics disruptions 
and raw materials shortages 

Continued product mix improvement, reflecting the acceleration in demand for high performance 
solutions 

Adjustment to selling prices offsetting very significant raw materials, energy and transportation 
cost inflation  

Specialty Materials representing 90% of Group sales (82% in Q1’21) 
EBITDA of €619 million, up by 72.9% compared with Q1’21, and EBITDA margin up sharply to 21.4%:  

EBITDA of Specialty Materials up by 82% at €556 million (€306 million in Q1’21), benefiting from 
solid volumes, the selling price policy against a highly inflationary context, and the development 
of high value-added applications linked to sustainable megatrends (batteries, 3D, lightweighting,  
bio-based materials, more eco-friendly paints, etc.)  

Intermediates’ EBITDA up by 25%, supported by the improvement of Fluorogases and better 
conditions in upstream acrylics in Asia  
Adjusted net income multiplied by 2.4 to €376 million, representing €4.96 per share (€2.08 in Q1’21) 
Recurring cash flow of €26 million (€53 million in Q1’21), including the seasonal increase in working 
capital, as well as higher selling and raw materials prices  
Net debt tightly controlled at €2,703 million – of which €700 million in hybrid bonds – including the 
acquisition of Ashland’s performance adhesives finalized on 28 February 2022, and representing  
1.4x last-twelve-months EBITDA
Given this excellent start to the year, while remaining attentive to the evolution of the macroeconomic 
environment, Arkema now aims to achieve in 2022 at constant scope, Specialty Materials EBITDA and 
Group EBITDA slightly above the record level of 2021.
Following Arkema’s Board of Directors’ meeting, held on 4 May 2022 to review the Group’s consolidated 
financial information for the first quarter of 2022, Chairman and CEO Thierry Le Hénaff said: 
“Our very good performance in the first quarter reflects the strength of our innovation for sustainable 
development and Arkema’s very solid positioning to address accelerating demand for cutting-edge 
solutions in high value-added markets. In an operating context that continues to be particularly 
demanding, our balanced geographic footprint, our technologies, our customer intimacy and the 
commitment of Arkema’s teams are all valuable assets. Despite the uncertainties currently weighing on 
global growth, this first quarter’s very good results make us confident in our ability to surpass in 2022 last 
year’s record results and particularly motivate the teams to continue implementing our strategy focused 
on Specialty Materials.  
We are also pleased to have welcomed on 1 March Ashland’s adhesives’ teams, and this top-tier activity 
is already confirming all its potential. Lastly, we are delighted to start up very soon, on time and on budget, 
our two new plants in Singapore and the United States, which are fully in line with the decarbonization 
theme.”

--- Page 99 ---
A47532663 
99
KEY FIGURES FOR FIRST-QUARTER 2022
1
FIRST-QUARTER 2022 BUSINESS PERFORMANCE 
Sales rose by 29.7% year-on-year to €2,887 million. Up against a high comparison base, volumes were 
down by a slight 2.2%, impacted by logistics disruptions in Europe and the United States and the shortage 
of certain raw materials, particularly in the Adhesive Solutions segment. While underlying demand 
remained fairly well oriented in most of the Group’s end markets and regions, a slowdown was 
nevertheless observed in China at the end of the quarter due to Covid-related lockdowns, as well as in 
construction in Europe. The 31.5% positive price effect reflects in particular Arkema’s ability to pass on 
in its Specialty Materials selling prices the very high inflation in raw materials, energy and transportation 
costs, as well as better conditions in upstream acrylics. The scope effect was a negative 4.9%, as the 
divestment of PMMA was only partially offset by the integration of acquisitions in Specialty Materials. 
The 5.3% positive currency effect was essentially attributable to the appreciation of the US dollar against 
the euro.  
In first-quarter 2022, Specialty Materials’ sales accounted for 90% of Group sales (82% in Q1’21), 
confirming the benefits of the Group’s strategy. 
Group EBITDA, up by a strong 72.9% to €619 million, was driven in particular by the improvement in the 
product mix linked to strong demand for solutions with high technological content in batteries, consumer 
goods, electronics and 3D printing, by the Group’s ability to pass on very high cost inflation, as well as 
by favorable market conditions in upstream acrylics. Specialty Materials’ EBITDA was up by 81.7% to 
€556 million, supported by the good performance achieved by all its business segments. Intermediates’ 
EBITDA increased by 25.3% to €94 million. In this demanding and complex yet nevertheless buoyant 
context, the Group’s EBITDA margin rose by 530 bps to 21.4%.  
Recurring operating income (REBIT) more than doubled year-on-year to €488 million. This figure includes 
€131 million in recurring depreciation and amortization, down by €4 million compared with first-quarter 
2021, mainly reflecting the scope effect linked to the divestment of PMMA in May 2021. The REBIT margin
amounted to 16.9% (10.0% in Q1’21). 
Adjusted net income rose sharply to €376 million (€159 million in Q1’21), representing €4.96 per share. 
Excluding exceptional items, the tax rate amounted to 21% of recurring operating income. 
(1) Integrates the reclassification of the upstream of PVDF in the Advanced Materials segment (ex Intermediates segment)
in millions of euros
Q1'22
Q1'21 (1)
Change
Sales
2,887
2,226
+29.7%
EBITDA
  619
  358
+72.9%
          Specialty Materials
  556
  306
+81.7%
          Intermediates
  94
  75
+25.3%
          Corporate
-31 
-23 
EBITDA margin
21.4%
16.1%
          Specialty Materials
21.3%
16.3%
          Intermediates
34.7%
21.7%
Recurring operating income (REBIT)
 488
 223
+118.8%
REBIT margin
16.9%
10.0%
Adjusted net income
  376
  159
+136.5%
Adjusted net income per share (in €)
4.96
2.08
+138.5%
Recurring cash flow
26 
53 
-50.9%
Free cash flow
-23 
-16 
Net debt including hybrid bonds
2,703
2,002
€1,177m as of 31/12/2021

--- Page 100 ---
A47532663 
100
CASH FLOW AND NET DEBT AT 31 MARCH 2022 
Recurring cash flow came to €26 million, down slightly from first-quarter 2021 (€53 million). While the 
Group’s operating performance improved significantly compared with the prior year, the increase in 
working capital was also more marked, reflecting unprecedented inflation in raw materials and energy 
costs, higher selling prices, as well as the traditional seasonality of volumes observed in the first quarter. 
At end-March 2022, working capital returned to a more normative level, representing 14.0% of annualized 
sales (12.7% at end-March 2021 and 16.5% at end-March 2020). Recurring cash flow also included recurring 
capital expenditure of €72 million, stable year-on-year. 
Free cash flow amounted to a negative €23 million (negative €16 million in Q1’21), and included 
exceptional capital expenditure of €40 million, down by €13 million year-on-year, as the two major 
projects concerned enter the final phase of their implementation. 
Net cash flow from portfolio management operations represented an outflow of €1,496 million in  
first-quarter 2022, mainly reflecting the payment of the Ashland performance adhesives acquisition 
finalized on 28 February 2022.  
As a result, net debt including hybrid bonds was up significantly, totaling €2,703 million compared with 
€1,177 million at end-2021. Nevertheless, the net debt (including hybrid bonds) to last-twelve-months 
EBITDA ratio remained well below the 2x threshold, standing at 1.4x. On a pro forma basis, including the 
twelve-months EBITDA of Ashland’s adhesives and excluding the residual contribution of PMMA, this ratio 
came to 1.3x. 
FIRST-QUARTER 2022 PERFORMANCE BY SEGMENT 
ADHESIVE SOLUTIONS (23% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES) 
Sales in the Adhesive Solutions segment rose sharply by 20.7% compared with first-quarter 2021 to 
€670 million, driven by a 15.8% price effect which reflects the Group’s ongoing initiatives to pass on the 
significant inflation in raw materials, energy and transportation costs. In a context of sustained demand, 
volumes nevertheless fell by 4.5% from the high level achieved last year, impacted by the slowdown 
recently observed in construction and DIY in Europe, by logistics difficulties, as well as by shortages of 
certain raw materials, which are gradually improving. Volumes in the United States stood at a good level. 
The 6.3% positive scope effect corresponds to the integration of Ashland’s performance adhesives in 
March, as well as Poliplas and Edge Adhesives Texas over the quarter. The currency effect was a positive 
3.1%. 
At €90 million, the segment’s EBITDA increased by 4.7% compared with first-quarter 2021, and the 
EBITDA margin came in at 13.4% (15.5% in Q1’21), impacted essentially by the mechanical dilutive effect 
of price increases covering all raw materials costs. This performance reflects the benefit of price increase 
initiatives, the product mix improvement toward high performance adhesive solutions in high value-added 
applications, as well as to a lesser extent the integration of acquisitions, in particular Ashland’s 
performance adhesives in March. 
in millions of euros
Q1'22
Q1'21
Change
Sales
670
555
+20.7%
EBITDA
90
86
+4.7%
EBITDA margin
13.4%
15.5%
Recurring operating income (REBIT)
73
71
+2.8%
REBIT margin
10.9%
12.8%

--- Page 101 ---
A47532663 
101
ADVANCED MATERIALS (37% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES)
Up by 43.0% compared with first-quarter 2021, sales in the Advanced Materials segment amounted to 
€1,075 million. In an environment still characterized by favorable demand in most industrial markets 
except automotive, which remained down, volumes decreased slightly by 2.0% year-on-year, impacted 
mainly by logistics disruptions. Strongly favorable in the segment’s two Business Lines, the price effect 
of positive 39.4% reflects initiatives to increase selling prices in the context of still marked raw materials, 
energy and transportation cost inflation, as well as the clear improvement in the product mix toward 
high performance solutions that address global megatrends. In particular, momentum remained strong 
in batteries, lightweighting, sports, bio-based materials and electronics. The 0.5% negative scope effect 
corresponds to the divestment of the epoxides business in December 2021, which was partly offset by 
the integration of Agiplast, and the currency effect was a positive 6.1%. 
The segment’s EBITDA reached a record level of €274 million, a 93.0% year-on-year increase, thanks 
notably to the segment’s positioning on higher value-added solutions. The EBITDA margin increased by 
a significant 660 bps to 25.5%, reflecting the high quality of the Group’s innovation portfolio. 
2
(2) Integrates the reclassification of the upstream of PVDF in the Advanced Materials segment (ex Intermediates segment) 
in millions of euros
Q1'22
Q1'21 (1)
Change
Sales
1,075
752
+43.0%
EBITDA
274
142
+93.0%
EBITDA margin
25.5%
18.9%
Recurring operating income (REBIT)
207
75
+176.0%
REBIT margin
19.3%
10.0%

--- Page 102 ---
A47532663 
102
COATING SOLUTIONS (30% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES)
At €862 million, sales in the Coating Solutions segment were up by 52% year-on-year. At a positive 41.8%, 
the price effect was sustained across all the segment’s activities. In an environment of high raw materials, 
energy and transportation cost inflation, this reflects both the price increase initiatives undertaken by the 
Group to offset the impact of higher costs, and more favorable conditions in upstream acrylics. Volumes 
were up by 4.2%, benefiting from continued well-oriented demand and a relatively favorable comparison 
base due to the slowdown linked to winter storm Uri in the United States last year, but remained impacted 
by logistics difficulties encountered in shipping and receiving products. The currency effect increased 
segment sales by 6.0%.  
In this context, the Coating Solutions segment achieved an excellent financial performance, with EBITDA of 
€192 million versus €78 million in the prior year, which was impacted by the consequences of winter storm 
Uri in the United States. Both upstream acrylics and downstream activities were up significantly. The EBITDA 
margin came to 22.3%, benefiting from the improvement in the product mix toward higher value-added 
solutions that address notably challenges in living comfort & home efficiency and new energies, as well as 
needs in electronics and 3D printing. 
INTERMEDIATES (10% OF TOTAL GROUP SALES) 
Sales in the Intermediates segment amounted to €271 million, down by 21.7% compared with first-quarter 
2021, reflecting in particular a 40.2% negative scope effect relating to the divestment of the PMMA business 
in May 2021. Benefiting from continued favorable market conditions in acrylics in Asia and a positive dynamic 
in Fluorogases in the United States, the price effect was a positive 23.1%. Volumes decreased by 10.4%, as 
the acrylics business was impacted at the end of the quarter by strict lockdown measures in China, and 
Fluorogases by the mechanical effect of quotas in the United States. The currency effect was a positive 
5.8%.  
At €94 million, EBITDA was up by 25.3% year-on-year, despite a negative scope effect of around €30 million. 
The EBITDA margin grew strongly to 34.7% (21.7% in Q1’21), reflecting the recovery of Fluorogases margins 
from the low level of previous years, and more favorable conditions in upstream acrylics in Asia. 
1
(1) Integrates the reclassification of the upstream of PVDF in the Advanced Materials segment (ex Intermediates segment) 
in millions of euros
Q1'22
Q1'21
Change
Sales
862
567
+52.0%
EBITDA
192
78
+146.2%
EBITDA margin
22.3%
13.8%
Recurring operating income (REBIT)
161
49
+228.6%
REBIT margin
18.7%
8.6%
in millions of euros
Q1'22
Q1'21 (1)
Change
Sales
271
346
-21.7%
EBITDA
94
75
+25.3%
EBITDA margin
34.7%
21.7%
Recurring operating income (REBIT)
79
53
+49.1%
REBIT margin
29.2%
15.3%

--- Page 103 ---
A47532663 
103
FIRST-QUARTER 2022 HIGHLIGHTS 
On 28 February 2022, Arkema finalized the acquisition of Ashland’s Performance Adhesives business. This 
operation, based on a US$1,650 million enterprise value, i.e., 8.7x the expected 2026 EBITDA after taking into 
account growth and synergies estimated at 12.5% of sales, marks a major step in Arkema’s strengthening of 
its Adhesive Solutions segment. 
The Group also expanded its offering of engineering adhesives with the acquisition, finalized on 1 April 2022, 
of Shanghai Zhiguan Polymer Materials (PMP) in China, specialized in hot-melt adhesives for the consumer 
electronics market. 
In Advanced Materials, Arkema announced on 26 January 2022 that it was now targeting a capacity increase 
of 50% in fluoropolymer production at its Changshu site in China to support strong demand in lithium-ion 
batteries and in other important markets, with the start-up expected at end-2022.  
Also in Advanced Materials, on 17 January 2022, Arkema announced plans to increase its global production 
capacity for Pebax® elastomers by 25% through an investment at its Serquigny plant in France, to support 
its customers’ strong growth, in particular in the sports and consumer goods markets. 
Moreover, following the completion on 24 November 2021 of the €300 million share buyback program, the 
Board of Directors decided on 24 January 2022 to reduce Arkema’s share capital by 3.19%, by canceling 
2,450,435 treasury shares acquired at a total cost of €270 million. Following this operation, Arkema’s share 
capital amounted to €742,860,410, divided into 74,286,041 shares with a par value of €10. 
Lastly, in early January, the Group and other founding members of the “Pragati” project for sustainable 
castor crop farming, published the results of the fifth year of their program, which saw a 50% increase in 
certified castor beans (36,000 tons) and over 5,800 farmers trained by the end of this fifth year. 
OUTLOOK FOR 2022 
Market conditions remain positively oriented at the beginning of the second quarter, but with disparities 
between regions and end markets and an increased lack of visibility regarding the environment. The health 
situation in China, the war in Ukraine, high raw materials and energy cost inflation, and logistics disruptions 
are all factors that could weigh on global demand going forward.  
In this demanding context, the Group will endeavor to optimize supply chain management and continue to 
dynamically adjust its selling prices. Moreover, Arkema will pursue its cutting-edge innovation to develop, in 
partnership with its customers, its Specialty Materials and high performance solutions for sustainable 
development.  
While remaining attentive to the evolution of the macroeconomic environment, the Group aims to reach in 
second-quarter 2022 a strong increase in its EBITDA compared with the prior year, driven in particular by 
high organic growth in Advanced Materials and Coating Solutions. The Adhesive Solutions segment, still 
impacted by certain raw materials shortages, will benefit from the integration of Ashland’s adhesives 
business. 
Moreover, Arkema now aims to achieve in 2022, at constant scope, Specialty Materials EBITDA and Group 
EBITDA slightly above the record level of 2021.  
In line with its strategy to become a pure Specialty Materials player in 2024, Arkema will continue in 2022 
its bolt-on acquisition policy, as well as its review of the Intermediates segment. Beyond the start-up, 
expected in the coming months, of the two major industrial projects, namely the bio-based polyamides plant 
in Singapore and the hydrofluoric acid plant in the United States, Arkema will continue to selectively increase 
its industrial capacities to support its growth.
Lastly, the Group is reaffirming its confidence in its ability to achieve the ambitious targets it has set for 
2024. It will continue to implement its strategic roadmap, notably by stepping up its innovation efforts for 
sustainable development. Arkema thus aims to generate €1.5 billion of new revenues from 2019 to 2030 
around its five large innovation platforms, namely lightweight materials and design, electronics solutions, 
new energies, living comfort and home efficiency and natural resources management.

--- Page 104 ---
A47532663 
104
Further details concerning the Group’s first-quarter 2022 results are provided in the “First-quarter 2022 
results and outlook” presentation and the “Factsheet”, both available on Arkema’s website at: 
www.arkema.com/global/en/investor-relations/
FINANCIAL CALENDAR 
19 May 2022: Annual general meeting 
29 July 2022: Publication of second-quarter 2022 results 
10 November 2022: Publication of third-quarter 2022 results 
DISCLAIMER 
The information disclosed in this press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to the 
financial position, results of operations, business and strategy of Arkema. 
In the current context, where the Covid-19 pandemic persists across the world, and where the consequences 
of the Russian offensive in Ukraine and the resulting economic sanctions against Russia on geopolitical 
stability and the global economy remain uncertain, the retained assumptions and forward-looking statements 
could ultimately prove inaccurate.

--- Page 105 ---
A47532663 
105
Such statements are based on management’s current views and assumptions that could ultimately prove 
inaccurate and are subject to risk factors such as (but not limited to) changes in raw materials prices, 
currency fluctuations, the pace at which cost-reduction projects are implemented, developments in the 
Russian offensive in Ukraine, developments in the Covid-19 situation, and changes in general economic 
and financial conditions. Arkema does not assume any liability to update such forward-looking statements 
whether as a result of any new information or any unexpected event or otherwise. Further information on 
factors which could affect Arkema’s financial results is provided in the documents filed with the French 
Autorité des marchés financiers. 
Balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement data, as well as data relating to the statement 
of changes in shareholders’ equity and information by segment included in this press release are extracted 
from the consolidated financial information at 31 March 2022 reviewed by Arkema’s Board of Directors on  
4 May 2022. Quarterly financial information is not audited. 
Information by segment is presented in accordance with Arkema’s internal reporting system used by 
management.  
Details of the main alternative performance indicators used by the Group are provided in the tables 
appended to this press release. For the purpose of analyzing its results and defining its targets, the Group 
also uses EBITDA margin, which corresponds to EBITDA expressed as a percentage of sales, EBITDA 
equaling recurring operating income (REBIT) plus recurring depreciation and amortization of tangible and 
intangible assets, as well as REBIT margin, which corresponds to recurring operating income (REBIT) 
expressed as a percentage of sales. 
For the purpose of tracking changes in its results, and particularly its sales figures, the Group analyzes 
the following effects (unaudited analyses): 
scope effect: the impact of changes in the Group’s scope of consolidation, which arise from acquisitions 
and divestments of entire businesses or as a result of the first-time consolidation or deconsolidation 
of entities. Increases or reductions in capacity are not included in the scope effect; 
currency effect: the mechanical impact of consolidating accounts denominated in currencies other 
than the euro at different exchange rates from one period to another. The currency effect is calculated 
by applying the foreign exchange rates of the prior period to the figures for the period under review; 
price effect: the impact of changes in average selling prices is estimated by comparing the weighted 
average net unit selling price of a range of related products in the period under review with their 
weighted average net unit selling price in the prior period, multiplied, in both cases, by the volumes 
sold in the period under review; 
volume effect: the impact of changes in volumes is estimated by comparing the quantities delivered 
in the period under review with the quantities delivered in the prior period, multiplied, in both cases, by 
the weighted average net unit selling price in the prior period."

--- Page 106 ---
A47532663 
106

--- Page 107 ---
A47532663 
107

--- Page 108 ---
A47532663 
108

--- Page 109 ---
A47532663 
109

--- Page 110 ---
A47532663 
110

--- Page 111 ---
A47532663 
111

--- Page 112 ---
A47532663 
112

--- Page 113 ---
A47532663 
113

--- Page 114 ---
A47532663 
114

--- Page 115 ---
A47532663 
115
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 6 May 
2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement”) 
between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by 
the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own 
behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at 
prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be 
sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it unless otherwise agreed. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses 
incurred in connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify Arkema against certain liabilities in connection with the 
offer and sale of the Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any 
agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being 
made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
European Economic Area  
Unless the Final Terms in respect to any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. 
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); or 
(b)
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(ii)
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below.

--- Page 116 ---
A47532663 
116
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes in France to, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause 
to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that, except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days after 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Fiscal Agent by the relevant 
Dealer, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is 
prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
”Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by

--- Page 117 ---
A47532663 
117
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”).  
For the purposes of these provisions: 
(i)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (”EUWA”); or
(b)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(c)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and
(ii) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as ”Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b) at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an ”offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the 
expression ”UK Prospectus Regulation“ means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of

--- Page 118 ---
A47532663 
118
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and shall not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which 
term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, ministerial 
guidelines and regulations of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
This Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms have not been approved by or registered with the Securities 
and Futures Commission of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a “structured product” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to professional investors as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances which 
do not result in the document being a prospectus as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the 
public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
and any rules made under that Ordinance.

--- Page 119 ---
A47532663 
119
People’s Republic of China (PRC) 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, the offer of the Notes is not an offer of securities within the 
meaning of the securities laws of the PRC or other pertinent laws and regulations of the PRC and the Notes 
have not been offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such 
purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as 
permitted by the laws of the PRC.  
Further, no PRC persons may directly or indirectly purchase any of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein 
without obtaining all necessary prior approvals or completing all necessary registrations or filings that are 
required from PRC regulators, whether statutorily or otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this 
document are required by the Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme to observe these 
restrictions. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 120 ---
A47532663 
120
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital 
markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or supplement will be set 
out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in 
each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required for the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in 
which it makes such purchase, offer or sale and neither the Issuer, nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility 
therefore.

--- Page 121 ---
A47532663 
121
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]4
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (”UK“). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (”EUWA“); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
”FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]5
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
4 
Delete legend if the offer of the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 9(v) of Part 
B below. Include legend if the offer of the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 9(v) of Part B below.  
5 
Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute ”packaged” products, in which case, insert ”Not Applicable” in paragraph 9(vi) of Part B below. 
Include legend if the Notes may constitute ”packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to UK retail investors, insert “Applicable” in paragraph 9(vi) of Part B below.

--- Page 122 ---
A47532663 
122
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market6] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a ”distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]7
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets 
products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]8
6  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."
7 
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
8 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 123 ---
A47532663 
123
Final Terms dated [●] 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
Arkema 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 9695000EHMS84KKP2785
Euro 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[Brief description and Amount of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
issued by Arkema (the “Issuer”) 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 6 May 2022 which has received approval no. 22-136 from the Autorité des marchés financiers
(the “AMF”) on 6 May 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which has received approval no. [●] from 
the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of 
[Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain 
full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement(s)] [is]/[are] 
available for viewing on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of Arkema (www.arkema.com) and 
printed copies may be obtained from Arkema at 420, rue d’Estienne d’Orves, 92700 Colombes, France. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
which are the [2013][2014][2016][2017][2018][2020] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 6 May 2022 which has received approval no. 22-136 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 6 May 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] 
which has received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all relevant information, 
save in respect of the Conditions which are the [2013][2014][2016][2017][2018][2020] EMTN Conditions 
extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [9 October 2013][19 December 2014][25 November 2016][28 
November 2017][12 December 2018][28 January 2020]. Full information on the Issuer, the Notes and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms[, the 
[2013][2014][2016][2017][2018][2020] EMTN Conditions] and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the AMF

--- Page 124 ---
A47532663 
124
(www.amf-france.org) and of Arkema (www.arkema.com) and printed copies may be obtained from Arkema at 
420, rue d’Estienne d’Orves, 92700 Colombes, France.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1
Issuer: 
Arkema 
2
(i)
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii)
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the existing 
[insert description of the Series] issued by the Issuer on 
[insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the date of 
assimilation which is expected to be on or about 40 
calendar days after the Issue Date (the “Assimilation 
Date”).] 
3
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
(i)
[Series: 
[●]] 
(ii)
[Tranche: 
[●]] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only if applicable)] 
6
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
7
(i)
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8
Maturity Date: 
[●] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
9
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify particular reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[CPI Linked Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
(Further particulars specified below) 
10
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●] per cent. of their nominal amount.

--- Page 125 ---
A47532663 
125
11
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Optional Change of 
Interest Date / Automatic Change of Interest Date: [●]] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate or 
floating to fixed rate change occurs or refer to 
paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there] 
12
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Residual Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option] 
[(Further particulars specified below)] 
13
(i)
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(ii)
[Date[s] of [Board] approval[s] for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[Decision of the Conseil d’administration of Arkema 
dated [●]] [and [●],]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: From (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:][Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrears on 
each Interest Payment Date] 
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
specified 
below
9 ] 
[commencing on [●] and ending on [●]/[the Maturity 
Date]] [specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”]/not adjusted.] 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]10: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[●] 
(v)
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
9 
RMB Notes only 
10 Not applicable for RMB Notes

--- Page 126 ---
A47532663 
126
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual-ICMA)] 
(vii) [Business Day Convention11: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]] 
(viii)Interest Rate Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ix) Margin Adjustment: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(x)
[Party responsible for calculating 
Interest 
Amounts 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent)12: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
15
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: From (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:][Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the 
interest payable is discontinued, Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
provides for a methodology to determine the successor or 
alternative rates) 
(i)
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below] 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(iv) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(v)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/Specify dates] 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
(viii)Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/€STR/SOFR Benchmark/SONIA 
(or any other reference rate)] 
– 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] 
11 RMB Notes only 
12 RMB Notes only

--- Page 127 ---
A47532663 
127
– 
[Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●]/The date which is [“p”] [London] Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date 13 /[TARGET] 
Business Days in [specify city] for [specify currency] 
prior to [the first day in each Interest [Accrual] 
Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
– 
[Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR Benchmark, delete this 
paragraph) 
– 
[Relevant Fallback Screen Page: 
(Only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[●]] 
– 
[€STR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(Only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[€STR Lookback Compound/€STR Shift Compound]] 
– 
[SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination:  
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Benchmark)  
[Simple 
SOFR 
Average/Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR/Compounded SOFR Index]] 
– 
[SONIA 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination:  
(Only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate/SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate [with Observation Shift]/[with 
Lag] where “p” is: [specify number] London Business 
Days [being no less than [●] London Business Days]] 
– 
[Observation Look-Back Period: 
(Only applicable in the case of €STR) 
[[●] TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable]] 
– 
[Observation Shift Days: 
(Only applicable in the case of €STR) 
[[●]/TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable]] 
– 
[Compounded Daily SOFR:  
(Only applicable in the case of Compounded Daily 
SOFR) 
[SOFR Lag/SOFR Observation Shift/SOFR Payment 
Delay/SOFR Lockout]] 
– 
[Lookback Days: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Lag)  
[Not Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
– 
[SOFR Observation Shift Days: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Observation Shift 
or Compounded SOFR Index)  
[Not Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
– 
[Interest Payment Delay Days: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Payment Delay)  
[Not Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
13  Use this first option for SONIA notes. The Interest Determination Date should match the last day of the Observation Period.

--- Page 128 ---
A47532663 
128
– 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(Only applicable in the case of Simple SOFR Average, 
Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Payment Delay or 
Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR Lockout)  
[Not Applicable/The day that is the [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) prior to the end of each 
Interest Period]] 
– 
[SOFR IndexStart: 
(Only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR 
Index) 
[Not Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
– 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
(Only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR 
Index) 
[Not Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
– 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[●] 
– 
Reference Bank: 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
– 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
– 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
Specified Time: 
(ix) FBF Determination: 
– 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[●] 
– 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable): 
[●] 
(x)
ISDA Determination: 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest14: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii)Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xv) Interest Rate Adjustment 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14 In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be less than zero.

--- Page 129 ---
A47532663 
129
(xvi) Margin Adjustment 
[[●]/Not Applicable]] 
16
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i)
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii)
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to CPI or HICP Linked Interest 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i)
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(iv) Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
(v)
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
(vi) Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio 
(vii) Minimum Rate of Interest15: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(viii)Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ix) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act 
(ISDA) 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
15 In no event shall the applicable rate of interest be less than zero.

--- Page 130 ---
A47532663 
130
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
(a)
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(b)
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(c)
Notice period16: 
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
19
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i)
Notice period17: 
[●] 
(ii)
Reference Security: 
[●] 
(iii) Reference Dealers: 
[[As per Condition 6(d)/[●]] 
(iv) Similar Security: 
[●] 
(v)
Party, 
if 
any, 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
principal 
and/or 
interest due (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
(vi) Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
20
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
21
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) Notice period18: 
[[As per the Conditions]/[●]] 
22
Residual Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i)
Call Option Date (Condition 6(c)): 
[●] 
16 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
17 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.  
18 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 131 ---
A47532663 
131
(ii)
Notice period19: 
[●] 
23
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i)
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii)
Final Redemption Amount in respect 
of Inflation Linked Notes: 
[[Condition 6 (h) applies]/[Condition 6(g) in respect of 
the 2013 EMTN Conditions]/[Condition 6(g) in respect 
of the 2014 EMTN Conditions]] 
(iii) Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
(iv) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
25
Early Redemption Amount 
(i)
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation 
reasons 
([Condition 6(j)]/[Condition 6(i) in 
respect 
of 
the 
2013 
EMTN 
Conditions]/[Condition 6(i) in respect 
of the 2014 EMTN Conditions]), for 
illegality 
([Condition 
6(n)]/[Condition 6(m) in respect of 
the 
2013 
EMTN 
Conditions]/[Condition 
6(m) 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
2014 
EMTN 
Conditions]) or on event of default 
(Condition 9): 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(ii)
Redemption for taxation reasons 
permitted on days other than Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[Yes/No] 
26
Acquisition Event Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
(i)
Acquisition Event Limit Date: 
[●] 
19 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 132 ---
A47532663 
132
(ii)
Targeted Company: 
[●] 
(iii) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iv) Redemption in whole only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form and may only be issued 
outside France) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
(i)
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether Bearer dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/Administered 
Registered 
Dematerialised form (au nominatif administré)/Fully 
Registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
(ii)
Registration Agent 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name and 
details] 
(Note that a registration agent must be appointed in 
relation to Fully Registered Dematerialised Notes only) 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [●] 
(the “Exchange Date”), being 40 calendar days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
28
Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
29
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
(Note that this item relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest period for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest to which items 14(ii) 
and 15(iv) relate) 
30
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
31
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(i)
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
(ii)
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 133 ---
A47532663 
133
32
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
33
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 14(b)] 
apply] 
34
Possibility of resale of purchased Notes20: 
[Yes/No] 
35
Masse (Condition 11): 
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
[The Representation will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [●]] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source).] [The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Arkema: 
By:   .......................................  
 
Duly authorised 
20 In accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 134 ---
A47532663 
134
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris/specify relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [●].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [Euronext Paris/specify relevant regulated 
market]] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
RATINGS
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]: 
[S & P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes where the issue has been specifically 
rated) 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EC) 
No 1060/2009 
as 
amended) 
disclosure)
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in 
the European Union and [has/have each] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”), 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation

--- Page 135 ---
A47532663 
135
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”)]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established 
in the European Union and [has/have each] not applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”)]] 
3
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
[issue/offer], detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below):
“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.” (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)]
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL EXPENSES]
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●]/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s 
general corporate purposes.] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks will need to include those reasons 
here)
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding)
[(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
[Include breakdown of expenses]] 
5
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the yield does not take into 
account the adjustment of the Rate of Interest as 
specified in Condition 5(l).]

--- Page 136 ---
A47532663 
136
6
[Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATES
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/€STR/SOFR Benchmark/SONIA/replicate other as 
specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters]] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [ EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR 
Benchmark/SONIA/[●]] which is provided by [●]. [As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
(the “Benchmarks Regulation”).] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
[As at [●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]]] 
7
[Inflation Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING
(i)
Name of underlying index: [Consumer Price Index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France (“CPI”) as calculated and published [monthly/[●]] by the Institut National 
de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques.]/[Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding 
tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco 
(“HICP”) as calculated and published [monthly/[●]] by Eurostat.] 
(ii)
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [●] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]] 
8
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Depositaries 
(i)
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(ii)
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, S.A.: 
[Yes/No] 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
addresse(s) 
and 
number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]]

--- Page 137 ---
A47532663 
137
9
DISTRIBUTION 
(i)
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii)
If syndicated: 
(A) Date of the [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(B) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis and names of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers. Where not all of the 
issue is underwritten, include a statement of the portion 
not covered.) 
(C) Stabilisation Manager[s] if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions (Categories 
of potential investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” on the cover page of 
the Final Terms should be included. For the purpose of 
the above, a “packaged” product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 
November 2014 an investment, where, regardless of the 
legal form of the investment, the amount repayable to the 
retail investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance of one 
or more assets which are not directly purchased by the 
retail investor.) 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the

--- Page 138 ---
A47532663 
138
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors” on the cover page of the 
Final Terms should be included. For the purpose of the 
above, a “packaged” product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 
November 2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union Withdrawal Agreement, an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor is 
subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more assets which 
are not directly purchased by the retail investor.)

--- Page 139 ---
A47532663 
139
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1)
AMF approval and listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made for approval of this Base Prospectus to the AMF in France in its capacity as 
competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the 
subject of this Base Prospectus nor of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. This Base 
Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 5 May 2023. provided that it is 
completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which 
may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Application has been made to list and admit the Notes to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other 
Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA, as the case may be. 
In compliance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, application may also be made for the 
notification of certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State of the EEA. 
(2)
Corporate authorisations 
Arkema has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the update of the Programme. Any drawdown of Notes under the 
Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation of (i) 
the Conseil d’administration of Arkema or (ii) the Ordinary General Meeting of the Issuer’s shareholders 
if (a) the statuts of the Issuer so require (at the date hereof the statuts of Arkema do not require a 
resolution of the Ordinary General Meeting) or (b) the shareholders at an Ordinary General Meeting 
decide to authorise an issue of obligations, all pursuant to Article L.228-40 of the French Code de 
commerce. Any drawdown of Notes, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute obligations, falls 
within the general powers of the Président Directeur Général.
The update of the Programme has been authorised by a decision of the Conseil d’administration of 
Arkema on 23 February 2022. 
(3)
No significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
Except as disclosed in section “Recent Developments” herein, there has been no significant change in 
the financial position or financial performance of Arkema or the Group since 31 March 2022. 
(4)
No material adverse change 
Except as disclosed in section “Documents incorporated by reference” and in section “Recent 
Developments” herein, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Arkema since 
31 December 2021. 
(5)
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, Arkema is not or has not been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of

--- Page 140 ---
A47532663 
140
which Arkema is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of Arkema or the 
Group. 
(6)
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuing entity of the members of the board 
of directors 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, to the knowledge of the Issuer, there are no other potential 
conflicts of interest between the duties, to the Issuer, of the members of the board of directors, the general 
management and their private interests and/or other duties. To the knowledge of the Issuer, there are no 
arrangements or agreements, with the main shareholders, customers or suppliers of the Issuer, pursuant 
to which a member of the board of directors or the general management has been appointed. 
(7)
Material contracts 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are not entered into in the 
ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could result in any Group member being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to the Noteholders 
in respect of the Notes being issued. 
(8)
Clearing 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are entities 
in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
(9)
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
yield indicated in the applicable Final Terms will not take into account the adjustment of the Rate of 
Interest as specified in Condition 5(l). 
(10)
Documents available 
The following documents will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and 
public holidays excepted), for inspection at the office of the Issuer and on the website of the Issuer 
(www.arkema.com), or otherwise, using any kinds of communication means, permitted by law, at the 
choice of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents, free of charge: 
(i)
the 
statuts 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.arkema.com/en/investor-relations/corporate-
governance/board-of-directors/);

--- Page 141 ---
A47532663 
141
(ii)
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, which comprise the 2021 
Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
(https://www.arkema.com/en/investor-relations/regulated-information/);
(iii)
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other 
regulated market in the EEA (https://www.arkema.com/en/investor-relations/regulated-
information/);
(iv)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base 
Prospectus 
and 
any 
document 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
(https://www.arkema.com/en/investor-relations/regulated-information/);
(v)
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred 
to in this Base Prospectus. 
The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where 
that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The following documents will also be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org): 
(i)
the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or in any 
Member State of the EEA; 
(ii)
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and
(iii)
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
(11)
Statutory auditors 
KPMG Audit a department of KPMG S.A. and Ernst & Young Audit have audited and rendered 
unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of Arkema for the years ended 
31 December 2021 and 2020, each prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
Both entities are regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorised as 
Commissaires aux comptes and members of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes 
de Versailles et du Centre. 
(12)
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in the “General Description of the Programme”), 
the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 calendar days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 142 ---
A47532663 
142
(13)
Benchmarks Regulation  
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
“benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes may specify the relevant 
benchmark, the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority register referred to above. 
(14)
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) 
The LEI of the Issuer is 9695000EHMS84KKP2785. 
(15)
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European 
Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and 
“Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. 
dollar” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “HK$” are to the lawful 
currency of Hong Kong, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency 
of Japan, references to “CHF”, “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland and references 
to “Renminbi” or “RMB” are to the lawful currency of the PRC. 
(16)
Potential Conflicts of Interests 
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent and their respective affiliates 
(including their parent companies) have and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, 
commercial banking and/or other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its 
affiliates and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group (as defined in the “Important 
Notice” section of this Base Prospectus). They have or may, in the ordinary course of their business, 
(i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include 
prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as 
underwriters in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group 
or (iii) act as financial advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these 
transactions, certain of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the 
Group. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. 
Each of the Issuer and the Dealer(s) may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index 
or related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could 
be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes 
and the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as Calculation Agent), including with respect to 
certain discretionary determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the 
Notes. In particular, whilst a Calculation Agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to 
time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity 
or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 143 ---
A47532663 
143
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
We declare, to the best of our knowledge, that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Arkema
420, rue d’Estienne d’Orves
92700 Colombes
France
Duly represented by:
Thomas Lestavel
Directeur Financement et Trésorerie
authorised signatory
dated 6 May 2022
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 6 May 2022 is valid until 6 May 2023 and shall, within this period and 
pursuant to the conditions set by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base 
Prospectus has the following approval number: 22-136.

--- Page 144 ---
A47532663 
144
ISSUER 
Arkema 
420, rue d’Estienne d’Orves 
92700 Colombes 
France
ARRANGER 
NATIXIS 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France
DEALERS 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A. 
Avenida Óscar Esplá 
37 03007 Alicante 
Spain
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
NATIXIS 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, REDENOMINATION AGENT, CONSOLIDATION AGENT AND 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 03 
France

--- Page 145 ---
A47532663 
145
STATUTORY AUDITORS
KPMG Audit 
Département de KPMG S.A.
Tour Eqho 
2, avenue Gambetta 
92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France
Ernst & Young Audit 
1-2, Place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie 
Paris – La Défense 1 
France
LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO FRENCH LAW
To the Issuer
Herbert Smith Freehills Paris LLP 
66, avenue Marceau 
75008 Paris 
France
To the Dealers
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France