--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2023 
 
 
WS0101.36145418.1 
 
Arkéa Home Loans SFH 
(duly licensed French specialised credit institution) 
€13,000,000,000 
COVERED BOND PROGRAMME 
for the issue of Obligations de Financement de l'Habitat 
Under the Covered Bond Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), Arkéa Home Loans SFH (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue covered bonds (obligations de financement de l'habitat) to be governed either by French law or 
German law (respectively, the "French law Covered Bonds" or the "German law Covered Bonds" and, together, the "Covered Bonds"). The Issuer is licensed as a 
specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of société de financement de l'habitat by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution, governed by Articles L. 513-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), as they may be amended from time to time, in 
particular as they have been amended by the entry into force on 8 July 2022 of the relevant provisions of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 
which transposes under French law Directive (EU) 2019/2162 dated 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision amending 
Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “Covered Bonds Directive”). All Covered Bonds will benefit from the statutory priority in right of payment over all the 
assets and revenues of the Issuer created by Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (the "Privilège"), as more fully 
described herein. 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding will not at any time exceed €13,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in any member state of the European Economic Area 
("EEA") (a "Member State") in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) will be € 1,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency at the issue date), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time in relation to the relevant Specified Currency (as 
defined in section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds – Interest and other Calculations" of this Base Prospectus). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the "CSSF"), as competent authority in Luxembourg under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor of the quality of the 
Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in relation to the German law Covered 
Bonds. In the line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 16 July 2019, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as 
to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The approval given by the CSSF is not a favourable opinion on the 
Issuer and on the quality of the Covered Bonds described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment on the opportunity to invest in such Covered 
Bonds. This Base Prospectus is valid until 25 May 2024 and shall be completed by a supplement in the event of significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the French law Covered Bonds issued under the Programme while this Base Prospectus is valid to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/UE dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by 
the European Securities Markets Authority (the "ESMA") (each such market being a "Regulated Market"). The French law Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
may also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other market, including any other Regulated Market in any Member State. The relevant final terms (the "Final 
Terms") (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any French law Covered Bonds will specify whether or not such Covered Bonds will be listed and 
admitted to trading on any market and, if so, the relevant market. The German law Covered Bonds will not be admitted to trading nor listed on any stock exchange. 
Covered Bonds will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis, in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical save as to the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Covered Bonds of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Covered Bonds of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the Final Terms. 
French law Covered Bonds may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Covered Bonds") or in materialised form ("Materialised Covered Bonds") as 
more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds. Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of the relevant Account Holders (as defined in section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds - Form, Denomination and 
Title" of this Base Prospectus) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"), or (ii) in 
registered form (au nominatif) and, in such a latter case, at the option of the relevant Bondholder (as defined in section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered 
Bonds - Form, Denomination and Title" of this Base Prospectus), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account 
maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of an Account Holder designated by the relevant Bondholder. 
Materialised Covered Bonds will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest 
coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to Materialised Covered Bonds. Such Temporary Global Certificate will 
subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Covered Bonds with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the "Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds "), on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) day after the issue date of the Covered Bonds (subject to postponement as described in 
section "Temporary Global Certificate in respect of Materialised Covered Bonds") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). In the case of a Tranche which 
is not intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, the Covered Bonds of such Tranche cannot be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and traded on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated either by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") or by Moody's France S.A.S. 
("Moody's"  (together, the "Rating Agencies"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Rating Agencies is established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 dated 16 September 2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings of the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme by Fitch and Moody's are expected to be endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the United Kingdom 
(the "UK") or certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). As such, the ratings to be issued by Fitch and Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under

--- Page 2 ---
2 
WS0101.36145418.1 
the UK CRA Regulation. Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or not rated. The rating of the Covered Bonds (if any) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
German law Covered Bonds will be issued in materialised registered form only. 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are eligible for being included on the list of obligations de financement de l’habitat that are entitled to use 
the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label (label "obligation garantie européenne de qualité supérieure"). However, no representation is made or assurance 
given that any Covered Bond to be issued under the Programme will actually remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their 
maturity. 
See section "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme. 
 
 
ARRANGER 
CREDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA 
 
PERMANENT DEALER 
CREDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA

--- Page 3 ---
3 
WS0101.36145418.1 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto that may be published from time to 
time), constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and contains or incorporates by reference all necessary information concerning the Issuer which 
is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, , profit 
and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer, as well as the base terms and conditions 
of the French Law Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to each Tranche not contained or incorporated by reference herein (including, 
without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and 
interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with (i) any document and/or 
information which is incorporated herein by reference in accordance with Article 27 of the Loi 
relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 16 July 2019 implementing the Prospectus 
Regulation in Luxembourg and Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation (see section "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below), (ii) any supplement thereto that may be published from 
time to time and (iii) in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this 
Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by 
the competent authority. 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto that may be published from time to 
time) may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other 
than those contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the 
issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) 
(as defined in section "General Description of the Programme" of this Base Prospectus). Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Covered Bonds in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer(s) do not 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may 
be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) which is intended to permit a public offering 
of any Covered Bonds or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Accordingly, no Covered Bond may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
WS0101.36145418.1 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S") except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Covered Bonds may include 
Materialised Covered Bonds in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold or, in the case of 
Materialised Covered Bonds in bearer form, delivered within the United States or, in the case of 
certain Materialised Covered Bonds in bearer form, to, or for the account or benefit of, United 
States persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). 
The Covered Bonds are being offered and sold outside the United States in offshore transactions 
in reliance on Regulation S. 
For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of 
Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see section "Subscription and Sale". 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come, are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restriction on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale 
of Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States of America, Japan, the 
EEA (including France) and the United Kingdom.  
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of 
any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of 
any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment, in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the

--- Page 5 ---
5 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the 
Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If 
the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors" as "Applicable", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any Covered Bonds. 
The Arranger and the Dealer(s) have not separately verified the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealer(s) 
makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained or incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme (including any information incorporated by reference) is intended to provide the 
basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by 
any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
other financial statements should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each prospective investor in 
Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be 
based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither the Arranger nor any of the 
Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or prospective

--- Page 6 ---
6 
WS0101.36145418.1 
investor in the Covered Bonds of any information that may come to the attention of the Dealer(s) 
or the Arranger.  
None of the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or the Issuer makes any representation to any prospective 
investor on the Covered Bonds regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable 
laws. Any prospective investor in the Covered Bonds should be able to bear the economic risk of 
an investment in the Covered Bonds for an indefinite period of time. 
None of the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) makes any representation as to the suitability of any 
Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds and Sustainability Covered Bonds (as defined 
herein), including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated "green", "social", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, 
to fulfil any green criteria required by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the 
Dealer(s) have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility 
criteria for eligible green assets, social assets or a combination of both, any verification of 
whether the eligible green assets, social assets or a combination of both, meet such criteria or the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or 
Sustainability Covered Bonds (or amounts equal thereto). Neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealer(s) makes any representation as to the suitability or contents of the Framework (as 
defined herein) and the second party opinion delivered by Vigeo Eiris. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should ensure that they understand the nature of the 
relevant Covered Bonds and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the 
suitability of the relevant Covered Bonds as an investment in the light of their own 
circumstances and financial condition. Covered Bonds involve a high degree of risk and 
prospective investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their 
Covered Bonds. For more information, see section "Risk Factors". 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references 
to "€", "Euro", "euro" and "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the 
European Union that have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union and as 
amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam, references to "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom, references to "U.S. Dollar" are to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America, references to "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to "Swiss 
Francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
In this Base Prospectus, any references to "euro equivalent" means the euro equivalent amount 
of the relevant amount denominated in the Specified Currency (as defined in Section "Terms 
and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds" of this Base Prospectus), provided that, if any 
Borrower Advance is denominated in a Specified Currency and the Issuer and the Borrower 
have agreed in advance the foreign exchange rate that will be applicable, in the final terms for 
the related Borrower Advance, then the amount of Eligible Assets that will be required to be 
granted by the Collateral Providers in accordance with the relevant terms of the Collateral 
Security Agreement, as security for the repayment of such Borrower Advance and which shall 
secure the "euro equivalent" amount of such Borrower Advance, shall be calculated using the 
above mentioned pre-agreed foreign exchange rate.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
WS0101.36145418.1 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 20 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................................................. 44 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS46 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM .................................................................................................................. 47 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................... 48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW COVERED BONDS ............................. 52 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 95 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED COVERED 
BONDS .......................................................................................................................................... 96 
THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................................................ 98 
OVERVIEW OF THE SFH LEGAL FRAMEWORK AND OTHER LEGAL ISSUES ............ 109 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS .............................................................................................................. 118 
ASSET MONITORING ..................................................................................................................... 128 
CASH FLOW ...................................................................................................................................... 138 
ORIGINATION OF THE HOME LOANS ..................................................................................... 144 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS............................................................................................................... 147 
[ANNEX - ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] .................................................................................... 170 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 171 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................... 176 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS ........................................................................................ 179 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................ 180 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ........................................................................................................ 181

--- Page 8 ---
8 
WS0101.36145418.1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms. 
This section "General Description of the Programme" constitutes a general description of the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus 
within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation, or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Covered Bonds" below shall have the same meanings in this section. Unless otherwise specified, the 
expression "Covered Bonds" shall include the French law Covered Bonds and the German law 
Covered Bonds to the extent permitted by the terms and conditions applicable to the French law 
Covered Bonds and the German law Covered Bonds, as applicable. 
1. 
THE PARTIES UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer: 
Arkéa Home Loans SFH, a limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under French law and duly licensed in 
France as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit 
spécialisé) with the status of société de financement de l'habitat 
(see section "The Issuer"). 
LEI 
(Legal 
Entity 
Identifier): 
 
9695003L69OAFQ15LD18 
Arranger: 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
Administrator, Borrower, 
Issuer 
Accounts 
Bank, 
Issuer Calculation Agent, 
Collateral Security Agent, 
Cash Collateral Provider: 
 
 
 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
Crédit 
Mutuel 
Arkéa 
Group: 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, the Crédit Mutuel Entities and any Other 
Entity 
Dealer(s): 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
"Permanent Dealer(s)" are to Crédit Mutuel Arkéa as Dealer 
and to any such additional persons that are appointed as dealers 
in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has 
not been terminated) and references to "Dealer(s)" are to all 
Permanent Dealers and any such persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
Principal 
Paying Agent, Paris Paying 
Agent 
and 
Calculation 
Agent in respect of the 
French 
law 
Covered 
Bonds:  
 
 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
in respect of the French 
law Covered Bonds:  
 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
Rating Agencies: 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody's France S.A.S. 
Asset Monitor: 
Deloitte & Associés 
Specific Controller: 
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés   
Substitute Specific 
Controller: 
 
Mr. Rémi Savournin 
2. 
THE PROGRAMME 
 
Description: 
Programme for the continuous offer of Covered Bonds called 
"obligations de financement de l'habitat" within the meaning of 
Article L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), the principal and interest of which 
benefit from the Privilège (statutory priority in right of payment) 
created by Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). See section 
"Overview of the SFH Legal Framework and other Legal 
Issues". 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €13,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any one time. 
Method of Issue: 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The Covered Bonds will be issued in series 
(each a "Series"), the Covered Bonds of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Covered Bonds of 
that Series. 
Issuable 
in 
Series; 
Tranches: 
 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in Series having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as 
to the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche). Each Series may be issued in 
Tranches on the same or different issue dates.  
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without 
limitation, the nominal amount, issue price, redemption price 
thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of

--- Page 10 ---
10 
WS0101.36145418.1 
the issue and will be set out in the Final Terms of such Tranche. 
Final Maturity Date: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Covered Bonds may have any maturity as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Maturity 
Date"), subject to such minimum maturity as may be required by 
the applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements. 
Extended Final Maturity 
Date: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms of a Series 
of Covered Bonds in accordance with the applicable Conditions) 
upon the occurrence of any of the maturity extension trigger 
event(s) complying with the conditions set out in Articles 
L. 513-30 and R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (a "Maturity Extension Trigger Event"), the Final 
Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds may be extended 
automatically (each such Covered Bonds being referred to as 
"Soft Bullet Covered Bonds"). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Covered Bonds may be issued in Euro, Sterling, 
U.S. dollars, Yen, Swiss Francs and, subject to prior Rating 
Affirmation (as defined below), in any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Denomination(s): 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in the Specified 
Denomination(s) (as defined herein) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, provided that all Covered Bonds admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, shall have a 
minimum denomination of €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency at the time of issue) or such higher amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time in relation to the relevant 
Specified Currency. Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be 
issued in one (1) Specified Denomination only.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Status: 
Subject to the Priority Payment Orders, the principal and interest 
of the Covered Bonds and, where applicable, any related 
Coupons will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
equally and rateably with all other present and futur obligations 
(included the Covered Bonds of all other Series) and other 
resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège. The 
Covered Bonds are issued under Articles L. 513-28 to L. 513-32 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier). Holders of Covered Bonds benefit from the Privilège 
(priority in right of payment) provided for in Article L. 513-11 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) over all the assets and revenues of the Issuer. 
See Condition 5(b) under section "Terms and Conditions of the 
French law Covered Bonds".  
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge as set out in Condition 5(a) 
under section "Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Covered Bonds".  
Issuer Event of Default: 
Under certain circumstances, subject to the legal framework 
applicable to a société de financement de l’habitat ("SFH"), 
upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default (as set out in 
Condition 10 under section "Terms and Conditions of the 
French law Covered Bonds"), the Representative or holders of 
any series of the French law Covered Bonds or holders of a 
German law Covered Bond may be able to cause the principal 
amount of all Covered Bonds of such Series or such German law 
Covered Bond to become immediately due and payable (but 
subject to the relevant Priority Payment Order), together with 
any accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which the notice 
for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent. 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time 
and unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as 
provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or 
their maturity is extended, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
at their Final Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount 
(which is its nominal amount). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will state 
whether such Covered Bonds may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in 
part) and/or the Bondholders, and if so the terms applicable to 
such redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in section "Optional Redemption" above, 
Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
prior to their stated maturity only for tax reasons (as provided in 
Condition 7(e)) or illegality (as provided in Condition 7(f)). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest and other revenues to be 
made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Covered

--- Page 12 ---
12 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. If such a withholding or deduction 
is required by the French law, the Issuer will have to gross-up its 
payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law and subject 
to certain exceptions. 
Interest 
Periods 
and 
Interest Rates: 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Covered Bonds and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. The Covered 
Bonds may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both, provided that in no event shall the interest rate be 
less than zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits the 
Covered Bonds to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period. All such information (except the method of 
calculation) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds: 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, each as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, 
INC. 
("ISDA") 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.isda.org), in their updated version applicable as 
at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service which shall 
be either EURIBOR, EUR-CMS or any reference rate that 
might replace them, or, if “Benchmark Replacement” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
successor rate or any alternative rate. 
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and 
calculated and payable as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum rate of interest shall 
not be, in any case, lower than zero.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds for 
which a change of interest basis is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Covered 
Bonds: 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be issued at their nominal 
amount or at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
 
Benchmark Event: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent adviser to 
determine a successor or an alternative benchmark (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and, 
potentially, the application of an adjustment spread which could 
be negative or positive). See Condition 6(c)(iv) for further 
information. 
 
Green 
Covered 
Bonds, 
Social Covered Bonds and 
Sustainability 
Covered 
Bonds: 
 
 
 
Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds and Sustainability 
Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer to finance and/or 
refinance, through the granting of Borrower Advances that the 
Issuer (as Lender) will make available to Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
(as Borrower) under the Borrower Facility Agreement, in whole 
or in part, new or existing projects from any of the eligible green 
loan categories (the "Eligible Green Loan Categories" and such 
Covered Bonds being "Green Covered Bonds"), the eligible 
social loan categories (the "Eligible Social Loan Categories" 
and such Covered Bonds being "Social Covered Bonds") or 
from both the Eligible Green Loan Categories and the Eligible 
Social 
Loan 
Categories 
(such 
Covered 
Bonds 
being 
"Sustainability Covered Bonds"), as defined in the "Use of 
Proceeds" section of the relevant Final Terms and as further 
described in the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's green, social and 
sustainability bond framework (as amended and supplemented 
from time to time, the "Framework") which is available on the 
website 
of 
Crédit 
Mutuel 
Arkéa 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/
2022-
02/credit_mutuel_arkea_green_social_and_sustainability_bond_f
ramework.pdf). 
 
The Framework further describes the above-mentioned projects 
and complies with the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond 
Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the 
International Capital Markets Association in their updated 
edition or any more recent version such as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
 
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party 
opinion on the Framework, which is also available on the Crédit

--- Page 14 ---
14 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Mutuel Arkéa's website.  
The Issuer will publish an annual report on its website detailing 
the allocation of the Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered 
Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds and their impact until 
full allocation of the proceeds. 
Prior to any investment in Covered Bonds in which the net 
proceeds are to be used to finance investments included in the 
Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan 
Categories, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
investors are advised to consult the Framework for further 
information.  
Form of Covered Bonds: 
French law Covered Bonds 
French law Covered Bonds may be issued in either 
dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Covered Bonds") or 
materialised form ("Materialised Covered Bonds"). 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be issued in bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
holder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
administered form (au nominatif administré). No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds. 
Materialised Covered Bonds will be in bearer form only. A 
Temporary Global Certificate will initially be issued in respect 
of each Tranche of Materialised Covered Bonds. Materialised 
Covered Bonds may only be issued outside France. 
German law Covered Bonds  
German law Covered Bonds will be issued in materialised 
registered form. 
Representation of French 
law Bondholders: 
 
French law Bondholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (in each case, the "Masse"). 
 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part 
through a representative (the "Representative") and in part 
through collective decisions of the French Law Bondholders. 
Governing Law: 
French law Covered Bonds will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, French law. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue German law Covered 
Bonds governed by, and construed in accordance with, German 
law (except for the Privilège, which will be governed by French 
law). The form of terms and conditions of the German law

--- Page 15 ---
15 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Covered Bonds is contained in the Agency Agreement. 
The French law Covered Bonds and German law Covered Bonds 
will benefit from the same security and rights.  
Central Depositary: 
Euroclear France in respect of Dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds and, in relation to Materialised 
Covered Bonds, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing 
system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds: 
 
 
At least one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the Lettre comptable 
or, as the case may be, the application form, relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as Central 
Depositary. 
 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Materialised 
Covered 
Bonds: 
 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised 
Covered Bonds, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in 
respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other 
clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. The issue price of 
the Covered Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Listing and Admission to 
Trading on a regulated 
market: 
 
 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) application may be 
made for a Series of French law Covered Bonds to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and/or any other Regulated Market in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and/or any other 
market and (ii) a Series of Covered Bonds may be unlisted.  
 
The German law Covered Bonds will not be admitted to trading. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of Covered Bonds (including 
Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds and Sustainability 
Covered Bonds) will be used to fund the Borrower Advances 
that the Issuer (as Lender) will make available to Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa (as Borrower) under the Borrower Facility Agreement, 
and, in particular, the net proceeds of the issue of Green Covered 
Bonds, Social Covered Bonds and Sustainability Covered Bonds,

--- Page 16 ---
16 
WS0101.36145418.1 
as applicable, will be used to finance and/or refinance, in whole 
or in part, new or existing projects from any of the Eligible 
Green Loan Categories, Eligible Social Loan Categories or from 
both the Eligible Green Loan Categories and the Eligible Social 
Loan Categories, as described in the relevant Final Terms and in 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's green, social and sustainability bond 
framework, which is available on Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's website 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/
2022-
02/credit_mutuel_arkea_green_social_and_sustainability_bond_f
ramework.pdf). If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a 
particular use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Rating: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on 
issue to be rated either by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch") or by Moody's France S.A.S ("Moody's" and, together 
with Fitch, the "Rating Agencies").  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Rating 
Agencies is established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 dated 16 September 2009 
as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
The ratings of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
by Fitch and Moody's are expected to be endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the United Kingdom 
(the "UK") or certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As 
such, the ratings to be issued by Fitch and Moody's may be used 
for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or not 
rated. The ratings of the Covered Bonds will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change,

--- Page 17 ---
17 
WS0101.36145418.1 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Covered Bonds and 
the distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions. In 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
any particular Series, additional selling restrictions may be 
imposed in the relevant supplement to the Base Prospectus (see 
section "Subscription and sale"). 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the United States Securities Act. 
Materialised Covered Bonds will be issued in compliance with 
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor 
regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) that contains rules 
identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section 
163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that such Materialised Covered Bonds are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any 
successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that 
contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under 
Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such 
Materialised Covered Bonds are issued other than in compliance 
with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which 
the Covered Bonds will not constitute "registration required 
obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances 
will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether TEFRA Rules are 
applicable and, in this case, if TEFRA C or D are applicable.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
WS0101.36145418.1 
3. 
BORROWER FACILITY AGREEMENT, THE COLLATERAL SECURITY 
AGREEMENT AND THE CASH COLLATERAL AGREEMENT 
The Borrower Facility 
Agreement: 
The proceeds from the issuance of the Covered Bonds under the 
Programme (including Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered 
Bonds and Sustainability Covered Bonds) will be used by the 
Issuer, as lender (in such capacity, the "Lender") to fund 
Borrower Advances which shall be made available to Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa, as borrower (in such capacity, the "Borrower") 
under a multicurrency term facility agreement (the "Borrower 
Facility"). 
The Borrower Facility shall be made available to the Borrower in 
an aggregate maximum amount equal to €13,000,000,000 for the 
purpose of financing the general financial needs of the Borrower 
(including, as applicable, financing or refinancing new or 
existing projects generating environmental and/or social 
benefits). 
Terms and conditions regarding the calculation and the payment 
of principal and interest under a Borrower Advance shall mirror 
the equivalent terms and conditions of the corresponding Final 
Terms of Covered Bonds, save for the margin and extension of 
maturity, as applicable, if such Borrower Advance is funded by a 
Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds. 
The Collateral Security 
Agreement: 
The Collateral Security Agreement sets forth the terms and 
conditions upon which the entities of the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
Group (as Collateral Providers) shall transfer the full ownership 
of Eligible Assets as collateral security (remise en garantie 
financière à titre de sûreté) pursuant to Articles L. 211-36 to L. 
211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) for the benefit of the Lender in order to 
secure, as they become due and payable, the payments of all and 
any amounts (whether in principal, interest, fees, indemnities or 
guarantees) owed by the Borrower under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement, 
whether 
present 
or 
future 
(the 
"Secured 
Liabilities"). 
For the purposes of the Collateral Security Agreement, (i) 
Eligible Asset means any Home Loan receivable either governed 
by French law or by Belgian law, that complies, or whose 
underlying Home Loan complies, with the requirements of the 
SFH Legal Framework and some additional contractual 
eligibility criteria which may be amended from time to time 
subject to prior Rating Affirmation, and (ii) Home Loan means 
each and any loan financing the acquisition of residential real 
estate property originated by any Collateral Provider. 
The Cash Collateral 
Agreement 
The Cash Collateral Agreement sets forth the terms and 
conditions upon which Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, as cash collateral 
provider (the "Cash Collateral Provider"), shall fund certain 
amounts as cash collateral (gage espèces) as security to the 
Secured Liabilities and in particular the Cash Collateral Provider 
shall fund the cash collateral account up to an amount

--- Page 19 ---
19 
WS0101.36145418.1 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the Cash 
Collateral Agreement to meet certain liquidity tests provided for 
under Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), as further 
described in the sections entitled "Overview of the SFH Legal 
Framework and other Legal Issues - Liquidity needs 
coverage" and "Asset Monitoring - Pre-Maturity Test". 
4. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
General Information: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto published from 
time to time and the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds that 
are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered 
to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any Member 
State of the EEA will be published on the websites of the Issuer 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_6961/fr/analystes-
et-investisseurs-dette-home-loans-sfh-page-de-
contenu?isAccepte=1&ty=1684700800718) 
and/or 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation. In addition, if the Covered 
Bonds are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market of the EEA other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
the relevant Final Terms will provide whether this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the 
websites of (i) the relevant Regulated Market and/or (ii) the 
relevant competent authority and/or (iii) the Issuer. 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding under this 
Base Prospectus, copies of this Base Prospectus and various 
other documents are available free of charge during usual 
business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public 
holidays excluded) from the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
WS0101.36145418.1 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Issuer believes that the following factors may 
affect its ability to fulfil its obligations related to Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Most of 
these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Covered Bonds and material for an informed 
investment decision with respect to investing in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are 
described below. In each category below the Issuer sets out the most material risks in first, taking into 
account the negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. Additional risks and 
uncertainties, not included in the risk factors below, which, on the date of this Base Prospectus, are 
not known by the Issuer or are considered to be not material nor specific, may have a significant 
impact on the Issuer, its activities, its financial condition or the Covered Bonds.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and the Final 
Terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and make their own opinion about risk factors prior to making 
any investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of 
the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Covered Bonds and consult their own 
financial or legal advisers about risks associated with the investment in a particular Series of Covered 
Bonds and the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds in light of their particular circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings when used 
below. 
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
1.1 
Risks related to the Issuer's activity and operations 
Limited resources available to the Issuer 
In the absence of any Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds will depend on the amount of scheduled principal and interest paid by the Borrower 
under the Borrower Facility Agreement and the timing thereof and/or, as applicable, the amounts 
received under hedging agreement(s) (if any) and/or the proceeds generated by Permitted Investments, 
(as defined in section "Material Contracts" of this Base Prospectus) and/or the available amount 
under the Share Capital Proceeds Account and/or payments proceeds under Legal Substitution Assets. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's long-term credit ratings are Aa3 by 
Moody's France S.A.S and A by Fitch France S.A.S. and Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's short-term credit 
ratings are P-1 by Moody's France S.A.S and F1 by Fitch France S.A.S.  
Pursuant to the Cash Collateral Agreement, the Issuer will benefit from any Cash Collateral to be 
provided by the Cash Collateral Provider under the circumstances described under the Cash Collateral 
Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and enforcement of the Collateral Security 
granted by the Collateral Providers, and without prejudice to any other unsecured recourse the Issuer 
may have under the Secured Liabilities, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under all the 
Covered Bonds will depend on the revenue proceeds from the Collateral Security Assets granted by 
the Collateral Providers which would have been enforced in favour of the Issuer (meaning the amount 
of principal and interest paid directly to the Issuer by the relevant debtors under the Home Loan 
receivables which would have been transferred to the Issuer upon enforcement of such Collateral 
Security or the price or value of such Home Loan receivables and related Home Loan Security upon

--- Page 21 ---
21 
WS0101.36145418.1 
the sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer) and/or, as applicable the amounts received under hedging 
agreement(s) (if any), and/or the revenue proceeds generated by Permitted Investments, and/or the 
amount of any Cash Collateral provided by the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral 
Agreement, and/or the available amount under the Share Capital Proceeds Account, and/or payments 
proceeds under Legal Substitution Assets. 
If such amounts are not sufficient for the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer will not have any further source of funds available other than the recourse the Issuer has under 
the Secured Liabilities until such Secured Liabilities are repaid in full. 
The occurrence for whatever reason of an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically trigger the 
cross occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, and the Issuer will in the absence of a Borrower 
Event of Default be unable to enforce the Collateral Security in order to cure such Issuer Event of 
Default. Therefore, notwithstanding the occurrence of such an Issuer Event of Default while no 
Borrower Event of Default shall have occurred, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds might be materially adversely affected and will continue to depend only on the amount 
of scheduled principal and interest paid by the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement and 
the timing thereof and/or, as applicable, the amounts received under the hedging agreement(s) (if any) 
and/or the revenue proceeds generated by Permitted Investments and/or any Cash Collateral and/or the 
available amount under the Share Capital Proceeds Account and/or payments proceed under Legal 
Substitution Assets. As a result, Bondholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in 
the Covered Bonds. 
Issuer's sole liability under the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is the only entity with the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the 
Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds are not and will not be the obligation or responsibility of any 
other entity, including (but not limited to) Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (in any capacity, but in particular in its 
capacity as Borrower, Administrator, Issuer Calculation Agent, Cash Collateral Provider or Collateral 
Security Agent), the Collateral Providers, the Dealer(s), the Representative, the Paying Agents, the 
Asset Monitor, any counterparty to any hedging agreement(s) entered into by the Issuer (if any) or any 
company in the same group of companies as any of the foregoing entities, or the shareholders, 
directors or agents of any company in the same group of companies as the foregoing entities. In the 
case of a Borrower Event of Default, there can be no assurance that the Collateral Security Assets will 
be sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Covered Bonds, which may adversely affect 
the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. As a result, Bondholders could 
lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer relies on Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and any entity of the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group or their 
respective successors acting in several capacities for the Issuer  
The Issuer has entered into a number of agreements with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and other entities of the 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group, who has agreed to perform services for the Issuer. In particular, but 
without limitation: 
- 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa has been appointed as Administrator to provide the Issuer with 
necessary advice, assistance and know-how, whether technical or otherwise in connection 
with the day to day management and corporate administration of the Issuer and to ensure 
that the Issuer exercises each of its rights and perform each of its obligations under the 
Programme Documents;  
- 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa has been appointed as Issuer Calculation Agent to make calculations 
as provided under the Programme Documents and in particular to make calculations 
relating to the Asset Cover, the Legal Liquidity Reserve and the Amortisation Test;

--- Page 22 ---
22 
WS0101.36145418.1 
- 
the Issuer has entered into the Collateral Security Agreement with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
(as Collateral Security Agent and Collateral Provider) and the entities of the Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa Group (as Collateral Providers), who have agreed to administer and 
monitor the Collateral Security Assets and/or the Collateral Security;  
- 
the Issuer has entered into the Cash Collateral Agreement with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (as 
Cash Collateral Provider), who has agreed to provide cash collateral to the Issuer upon 
certain rating trigger events occurring.  
Under the relevant Programme Documents, the Issuer may in certain circumstances terminate the 
appointment of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa or any other entity of the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group that may be 
appointed (such termination not being effective until a substitute entity with the required rating shall 
have replaced Crédit Mutuel Arkéa or the relevant entity of the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group (as 
applicable), in which case the transfer of the function to an entity outside the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
Group may result in delays, increased costs and/or losses in collection of sums due to the Issuer under 
its assets, could create operational and administrative difficulties for the Issuer, and could adversely 
affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. Therefore, the Issuer may be 
unable to pay to the Bondholders the full principal amount of their Covered Bonds and the full interest 
due on the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, if the Collateral Providers and/or the Collateral Security Agent fail to adequately 
administer the Collateral Security Assets and/or the Collateral Security, this may lead to diminished 
value of the Collateral Security or any part thereof, and in turn, the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments under the Covered Bonds. 
Failure of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa to provide cash collateral where required under the Cash Collateral 
Agreement may adversely affect the Issuers' ability to perform its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. 
Substitution risk 
In the event of a downgrading of the short-term and/or long-term debt of or certain other parties to the 
Programme Documents which triggers the need for a substitution, or if under certain other 
circumstances the substitution of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is appropriate pursuant to the terms of the 
Programme Documents, no assurance can be given that a substitute entity will be found. 
In particular, if there is a downgrading of the long-term debt of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa or its successors, 
as the Administrator, or another termination event of its appointment occurs pursuant to the terms of 
the Administrative Agreement, the Issuer will be entitled to terminate the appointment of the 
Administrator and appoint a new administrator in its place. There can be no assurance that a substitute 
administrator with sufficient experience would be found and would be willing and able to serve on the 
same or similar terms found in the Administrative Agreement. In particular, upon the occurrence of 
any Borrower Event of Default and the subsequent enforcement of the Collateral Security and the 
transfer to the Issuer of the Collateral Security Assets, there can be no assurance that a substitute 
administrator with sufficient experience of servicing such transferred Collateral Security Assets could 
be found who would be willing and able to serve on the same or similar terms found in the 
Administrative Agreement. The ability of a substitute administrator to perform the required services 
fully would depend, among other things, on the information, software and records available at the time 
of the appointment. No Administrator has (nor will have, as applicable) any obligation itself to 
advance payments that the Borrower fails to make in a timely manner. The Representative is not 
obliged under any circumstance to act as an Administrator or to monitor the proper performance of 
obligations by any Administrator. Any delay or inability to appoint a substitute administrator may 
affect the realisable value of the Collateral Security Assets or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds. As a result, Bondholders could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Modification, alteration or amendment of the Programme Documents without Bondholder prior 
consent 
Subject to the qualifications described in the relevant Programme Document(s) to which it is a party, 
the Issuer may, with prior Rating Affirmation and without the prior consent or sanction of any of the 
Bondholders, concur with any person in making or sanctioning any modifications, alterations or 
supplements to any Programme Document to which it is a party. Such modifications, alterations or 
supplements may materially and adversely affect the interest of the Issuer or the Bondholders but shall 
be made with prior Rating Affirmation. 
Subject to the qualifications described in the relevant Programme Document(s) to which it is a party, 
the Issuer may, without prior Rating Affirmation and without the prior consent or sanction of any of 
the Bondholders, concur with any person in making or sanctioning any modifications, alterations or 
supplements to any Programme Document to which it is a party if such modification, alteration or 
supplement is: 
- 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency in the relevant Programme 
Document; 
- 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to a Programme Document to which it is a 
party to any successor; 
- 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of any party (except the Issuer) under a 
Programme Document to which it is a party; or 
- 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations. 
Therefore, the rights of the Bondholders may negatively affected as they may be bound by changes to 
which they have not agreed. 
Interest and currency risks 
According to Article 12 of the Regulation (réglement) No 99-10 dated 9 July 1999, as amended, issued 
by the Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire et Financière (Banking and Financial Regulation 
Committee) ("CRBF Regulation"), the Issuer shall dispose of a system for measuring overall interest 
rate risks under the conditions set forth in Articles 134 to 139 of the arrêté dated 3 November 2014 
relating to the internal control of credit institutions, payment services and investment services subject 
to the supervision of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. The level of rate and maturity 
matching between the assets and the liabilities of the Issuer shall be verified by the Specific 
Controller.  
Each Borrower Advance granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Borrower 
Facility Agreement shall be made available in the same Specified Currency and according to the same 
interest conditions to those applicable to the Covered Bonds funding such Borrower Advance. As a 
consequence, as long as a Borrower Event of Default has not occurred, the Issuer shall not be exposed 
to any currency and interest risk regarding the Borrower Advances and the Covered Bonds.  
There is no assurance that the Home Loan receivables that are part of the Collateral Security bear 
interest by way of the same conditions as those of the Covered Bonds and are denominated in the same 
currency as the Covered Bonds. Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and the 
enforcement of the Collateral Security, Home Loan receivables and related Home Loans Security will 
be transferred to the Issuer. In order to hedge any interest rate or currency risk, the Issuer shall enter 
into any hedging agreement(s) or put in place any other coverage mechanism(s) such as without 
limitation, overcollateralisation, cash reserve, or selection rules for the Home Loan receivables.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
WS0101.36145418.1 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, potential interest risk is covered by an overcollateralisation 
between the Collateral Security Assets and the Covered Bonds. Any delay or inability to enter into 
hedging agreements may negatively affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer is legally bound to ensure at any time adequate coverage of its liquidity needs for a 180 
calendar days period by any of the assets set on in Article R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (see section "Overview of the SFH Legal Framework 
and other Legal Issues - Liquidity needs coverage"). Pursuant to Article R. 513-7 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the assessment of the Issuer's liquidity 
needs must be made by taking into account expected principal and interests inflows due to the Issuer 
under the Collateral Security Assets and net flows under hedging agreement(s) (if any). 
Any such liquidity needs must be covered by the Issuer with eligible Legal Substitution Assets or with 
assets that are eligible as collateral to the credit transactions (opérations de crédit) of the Banque de 
France in accordance with the monetary policy and intra-day credit operations rules of the 
Eurosystem. The Issuer may also benefit from additional contractual undertakings, such as, at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, an obligation of the Cash Collateral Provider to fund a Cash Collateral into 
the credit of the Cash Collateral Account in the conditions described in sections "Material 
Contracts", "Overview of the SFH Legal Framework and other Legal Issues - Liquidity needs 
coverage" and "Asset Monitoring - The Pre-Maturity Test".  
If the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs with any of the tools and instruments legally and 
contractually available to it, the Issuer would still be allowed to subscribe for its own obligations de 
financement de l’habitat, within the limit of ten (10) per cent. of the total outstanding amount (encours 
total) of the resources benefiting from the Privilège as at the date of their subscription, for the sole 
purpose of granting them as collateral to credit transactions (opérations de crédit) of the Banque de 
France in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) (see section "Overview of the SFH Legal Framework and other 
Legal Issues - Subscription by the société de financement de l'habitat of its own obligations de 
financement de l'habitat as eligible collateral with the Banque de France"). 
In addition, pursuant to the Regulation (réglement) no. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999, as amended, issued by 
the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer must ensure that the average life of its assets does not exceed a 
certain duration the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège (see section "Overview 
of the SFH Legal Framework and other Legal Issues - Liquidity needs coverage"). 
In any case, if the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs, the Issuer's ability to make payments 
under the Covered Bonds may be negatively affected. 
1.2 
Risks related to the Borrower  
Borrower's ability to pay under the Borrower Facility Agreement 
Neither the Issuer, the Borrower nor any other party to the Programme Documents (other than upon 
certain circumstances, the Cash Collateral Provider and without prejudice to the Collateral Security 
granted by the Collateral Providers) guarantees or warrants the full and timely payment by the 
Borrower of any sums of principal or interest payable under the Borrower Advances, being part of the 
Issuer assets. 
Should the Borrower be subject to any applicable insolvency proceedings (including, the procedures of 
safeguard, moratorium, suspension of payments, controlled management, liquidation or similar 
insolvency proceedings), this would impair the ability of the Issuer to claim against the Borrower to

--- Page 25 ---
25 
WS0101.36145418.1 
obtain timely payment of amounts of principal and interest due and payable under the Borrower 
Advances.  
However in such event, the Issuer would be entitled to accelerate the payment of such amounts and 
then immediately enforce the Collateral Security or the Cash Collateral (including upon and following 
the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Cash Collateral Provider and/or the 
Collateral Providers). 
In any case, the Issuer may not receive sufficient funds and as a result its ability to make payments 
under the Covered Bonds may be materially adversely affected. 
Credit rating of the Covered Bonds may be affected by various factors 
In the rating agencies' methodologies, the credit rating of a covered bond program is linked to the 
credit rating attributed to the issuer's parent. The rating criteria for the Issuer include both the financial 
health of its parent, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, as well as the strength of the support which is granted by the 
entities of the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group as Collateral Providers by way of the Collateral Security 
and various other structural features such as any Cash Collateral that aim to achieve a de-linkage 
between the rating of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and the rating of the Covered Bonds. Nevertheless, if the 
Collateral Security and the other support granted to the Issuer prove insufficient or fail to be granted to 
the Issuer in accordance with the Programme Documents, decreases in the credit rating of Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa may cause a decrease in the credit rating of the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, failure to 
meet any overcollateralisation requirement required by the Rating Agencies may result not only in the 
occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default but also in a downgrade of the rating assigned to the 
Covered Bonds.  
If the credit rating of the Covered Bonds were reduced due to these factors, such downgrade may 
adversely affect the value of the outstanding Covered Bonds, increase the Issuer's cost of borrowing 
and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to issue new Covered Bonds. 
1.3 
Risks related to the Collateral Security Assets 
Maintenance of value of the Collateral Security prior to or following enforcement thereof 
If the collateral value of the Home Loan receivables granted as Collateral Security in favour of the 
Issuer pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreement has not been maintained in accordance with the 
terms of the Asset Cover Test or the Amortisation Test or the other provisions of the Programme 
Documents, the value of the relevant Collateral Security Assets or any part thereof (both before and 
after the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default) or the price or value of such Home Loan 
receivables and related Home Loan Security upon the sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer may be 
affected. 
The value of the properties securing the Home Loans may decrease as a result of any number of 
factors, including the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing 
conditions, changes in tax laws, mortgage interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields 
on alternative investments, increasing utility costs and other day-to-day expenses, political 
developments and government policies. In addition, as the properties securing the Home Loans are 
predominantly located in France, the value of such properties may therefore decline in the event of a 
general downturn in the value of property in France.  
In addition, with respect to any sale or refinancing of the Home Loan receivables granted as Collateral 
Security and the related Home Loan Security to third parties, the Issuer will not be permitted to give 
warranties or indemnities as to those assets. There is no assurance that representations or warranties 
previously given by the Collateral Providers with respect to such assets pursuant to the terms of the 
Collateral Security Agreement may benefit a third party purchaser of such assets upon sale or

--- Page 26 ---
26 
WS0101.36145418.1 
refinancing thereof by the Issuer. Accordingly, there is a risk that the price or value of such assets 
upon the sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer be adversely affected by the lack of representations 
and warranties which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments when 
due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
The materialisation of any of the foregoing factors could materially adversely affect the Issuer's 
business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and may result in the Issuer having 
insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
No prior notification to debtors under the Home Loan receivables granted as Collateral Security  
The Collateral Security Agreement will provide that the Home Loan receivables, either governed by 
French law or by Belgian law, will be granted as Collateral Security without notification or 
information of the underlying debtors of the Home Loans. Such as under French law, in case of the 
transfer by way of security (remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) to the benefit of the Issuer 
of Home Loans governed by Belgian law, the Home Loans are transferred without the need for 
debtors' involvement. 
Such debtors will only be notified if and when the relevant Collateral Security is enforced following 
the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and then title to the Home Loan receivables and related 
Home Loan Security has been transferred to the Issuer. Notification of such debtors will only be 
effected once, following such Borrower Event of Default, the relevant Collateral Security has been 
enforced. As long as no such notification has taken place, any payments made by any debtor under the 
relevant Home Loan receivables will continue to be validly made by such debtors to the relevant 
Collateral Provider, even though title to such Home Loan receivables would have been validly 
transferred to the Issuer upon enforcement of the relevant Collateral Security. Debtors may raise 
against the Issuer (or the Collateral Security Agent) all rights and defences which existed against the 
Collateral Provider prior to notification of the assignment.  
There is no guarantee that notification to the debtors under the relevant Home Loans will be made at 
the times mandated and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the ability of the Issuer to obtain 
effective direct payment from the debtors under the relevant Home Loans in a sufficiently timely 
manner, all of which may affect payments under the Covered Bonds. In such circumstances, a shortfall 
in distributions of interest or repayment of principal to Bondholders may result.  
Until notification to the debtors has been given informing them that insolvency proceedings have been 
opened against the Collateral Providers, a statutory stay of execution under mandatory rules of French 
insolvency law will prevent the Issuer from taking recourse against the Collateral Providers for 
repayment of collections received by the Collateral Providers under the relevant Home Loans which 
are commingled with other funds of the Collateral Providers. 
1.4 
Risk related to the Home Loans and related Home Loan Security 
Debtors' ability to pay under the Home Loans 
The debtors under the Home Loans are individuals having borrowed under the Home Loans in order to 
finance the acquisition of real estate property.  
If following enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer does not receive the full amount due 
from the debtors in respect of such Home Loans, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments under the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer may therefore be exposed to the occurrence of credit risk in relation to the debtors under 
the Home Loans.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
WS0101.36145418.1 
None of the Borrower, the Collateral Providers, the Issuer or any other party to the Programme 
Documents does guarantee or warrant full and timely payment by the debtors under the Home Loans 
of any sums payable under such Home Loans. 
Furthermore, the French debtors under the Home Loans may benefit from the favourable legal and 
statutory provisions of the French Consumer Code (Code de la consommation), pursuant to which any 
individual may, under certain circumstances, and subject to certain conditions, request and obtain from 
a French specialized committee (Commission de surendettement des particuliers) a grace period, a 
reduction of the amount of all and any of its indebtedness and any interest relating thereto and, as the 
case may be, a full or partial extinguishment of its indebtedness against a credit institution. 
The ability of a debtor under the Home Loans to make timely payment of amounts due under such 
Home Loans will mainly depend on his assets and his liabilities as well as his ability to generate 
sufficient income to make payments under the relevant Home Loans. His ability to generate income 
may be adversely affected by a large number of factors, some of which (i) relate specifically to the 
debtor himself (including but not limited to his age and health, employment situation, family situation, 
creditworthiness or expropriation) or (ii) are more general in nature (such as changes in governmental 
regulations, fiscal policy, etc.). As a result, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds may be materially adversely affected. 
Set-off by debtors under French law 
Set-off under French law can operate by statute (compensation légale) or be agreed by contract 
(compensation contractuelle) or be ordered by court (compensation judiciaire).  
Statutory set-off operates as of right between two reciprocal debts (dettes réciproques) provided that 
such debts are, at the same time, fungible (fongibles), certain (certaines), liquid (liquides) as well as 
due and payable (exigibles). A contract or a court may expand statutory set-off possibilities where, 
with respect to two reciprocal and fungible debts, such debts are not at the same time certain, liquid 
and due and payable. In particular, set-off may not be refused by a court if requested between debts 
that are deemed mutual (dettes connexes) by contract or on an economic standpoint. 
Since no provision under the Home Loan agreements expressly allows a debtor to expand statutory 
set-off possibilities nor expressly provides for a mutuality (connexité) between claims owed by a 
debtor to a Collateral Provider and claims that such debtor may have against such Collateral Provider 
under other contracts, such as a bank account or a deposit contract, etc. but, at the same time, no 
provision under the Home Loan agreements expressly provides for a waiver of set-off, a debtor under 
a Home Loan is entitled to invoke either (i) a statutory or a judicial set-off, or (ii) a set-off based on a 
mutuality of claims (connexité) should such mutuality be provided for by another contract than the 
Home Loan agreement or the global economic relationship which would exist between a debtor under 
a Home Loan and a Collateral Provider. 
However, a set off such as referred to in (i) or (ii) above may become a risk for the Issuer under the 
sole circumstances where the Home Loan receivables would have been transferred to the Issuer 
following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default. 
Following such transfer and as long as the debtors under the Home Loans would have not been 
notified of such transfer, the debtors would be entitled to invoke statutory and judicial set-off as if no 
transfer had taken place. After notification of the transfer, a debtor under a Home Loan would still be 
entitled to invoke statutory set-off against the Issuer if prior to the notification of the transfer, the 
above mentioned conditions for statutory set-off were satisfied. 
A set off between inter-related debts (dettes connexes) is available as of right. Inter-related debts 
(dettes connexes) mainly result from economic inter-relationship. In this latter case, mutuality of 
claims will be determined on a case by case basis, depending on the factual circumstances then

--- Page 28 ---
28 
WS0101.36145418.1 
existing. The most likely circumstances where set off would have to be considered are when 
counterclaims resulting from a current account relationship will allow a debtor to set off such 
counterclaims against sums due under a Home Loan. In this situation however, French case law stated 
that there was no mutuality of claims, notwithstanding that the installment under the home loan was to 
be paid by way of direct debit from the funds standing to the credit of the relevant current account 
since the parties did not intend to inter relate their current account relationship and the lending 
transaction on an economical standpoint. 
As a result of the set-off of amounts due and payable by a debtor to the Borrower with amounts the 
Borrower owes in respect of the Home Loans, the Home Loans will, partially or fully, be extinguished. 
Such extinction may negatively affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations towards the 
Bondholders under the Covered Bonds.  
Set-off by debtors under Belgian law 
 
Notwithstanding the transfer by way of security (remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) by the 
Collateral Providers to the Issuer of the relevant Home Loan receivables governed by Belgian law, for 
so long as the Belgian debtors are not notified of such transfer, the Belgian debtors under such Home 
Loan receivables may be entitled, under certain conditions, to set-off the relevant Home Loan 
receivable against a claim they may have vis-à-vis the Collateral Providers. 
 
Under Belgian law, set-off rights may continue to arise in respect of reciprocal claims between the 
debtor and the Collateral Providers, as soon as such reciprocal claims exist and are fungible, liquid 
(vaststaand/liquide) and payable (opeisbaar/exigible), potentially reducing amounts to be received by 
the Issuer under the Home Loan receivables which would have been validly transferred by way of 
security to the Issuer. 
 
However, the provisions of the Belgian act of 3 August 2012 on various measures to facilitate the 
mobilization of receivables in the financial sector (wet betreffende diverse maatregelen ter 
vergemakkelijking van de mobilisering van schuldvorderingen in de financiële sector / loi relative à 
des mesures diverses pour faciliter la mobilisation de créances dans le secteur financier) as amended 
from time to time (the "Belgian Mobilisation Act") have reduced such risk. The Issuer will no longer 
be subject to set-off risk: (a) following notification of the transfer of the Home Loan receivable to the 
debtors (or acknowledgement thereof by the relevant debtors), to the extent the conditions for set-off 
are only satisfied after such notification (or acknowledgment); and (b) regardless of any notification or 
acknowledgement of the transfer, following the start of insolvency proceedings or the occurrence of a 
situation of concurrence of creditors (samenloop/concours) in relation to the Collateral Providers, to 
the extent the conditions for set-off are only satisfied following or as a result of such insolvency 
proceedings or concurrence of creditors. 
 
Despite the foregoing, the Issuer's ability to make payments under the Covered Bonds may be 
negatively affected. 
 
Defence of non-performance under Belgian law 
Under Belgian law, a debtor may in certain circumstances in case of default of its creditor invoke the 
defence of non-performance, pursuant to which it would be entitled to suspend payment under its 
obligations until its counterparty has duly discharged its obligations due and payable to the debtor. The 
exception of nonperformance is subject to various conditions, the most important ones being: (a) the 
debt in respect of which payment is suspended must be due and must be conditional upon payment of 
a debt owed by the other party; (b) the other party must have defaulted on its debt, in a material way; 
(c) the amount/value involved in the suspension must be in proportion to the amount/value of the 
default; (d) finally, there must be a close interrelationship between the two debts, typically such close 
interrelationship is accepted to exist where both debts arise under the same contract or otherwise are so

--- Page 29 ---
29 
WS0101.36145418.1 
closely interrelated that they are a part of a single transaction (as to the possible existence of closely 
interrelated debts (see "Set-off by debtors under Belgian law" above). 
 
If all such conditions are met, the defence of non-performance may be invoked by a debtor in respect 
of a Home Loan receivable which could potentially reducing amounts to be received by the Issuer 
under the Home Loan receivables which would have been validly transferred to it. 
 
However, pursuant to the Belgian Mobilisation Act, a debtor cannot invoke the defence of non 
performance (a) following notification of the sale or the transfer to the relevent debtors (or 
acknowledgement thereof by the relevant debtor), to the extent the conditions for defence of non-
performance are only satisfied after such notification (or acknowledgment); and (b) regardless of any 
notification or acknowledgement of transfer, following the start of insolvency proceedings or the 
occurrence of a situation of concurrence of creditors (samenloop/concours) in relation to the Collateral 
Providers, to the extent the conditions for defence of non-performance are only satisfied following or 
as a result of such insolvency proceedings or concurrence of creditors. 
 
Despite the foregoing, the Issuer's ability to make payments under the Covered Bonds may be 
negatively affected. 
 
No independent investigation – representations and warranties 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s), the Administrator or any other party to any 
Programme Document has undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other due 
diligence regarding the Home Loans, the related Home Loan Security or as to the status and/or the 
creditworthiness of the debtors under the Home Loans. Each of them has relied solely on the 
representations and warranties given by the Collateral Providers under the Collateral Security 
Agreement. 
If any breach of eligibility criteria relating to any Home Loan is material and (if capable of remedy) is 
not remedied, the Collateral Providers shall be required under the Collateral Security Agreement to 
provide sufficient eligible Home Loan receivables in order to maintain compliance with the Asset 
Cover Test. 
Failure to maintain compliance with the Asset Cover Test and/or Minimum Overcollateralisation Ratio 
may result in the Issuer having insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. As 
a result, the Issuer's ability to make payments under the Covered Bonds may be negatively affected. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Collateral Providers 
Each of the Home Loans originated by the Collateral Providers will have been originated in 
accordance with its lending criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that each Collateral 
Provider's lending criteria will generally consider type of financed property, term of loan, age of 
applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, status of applicants and credit history. One of the Home Loans 
Eligibility Criteria requires that, prior to the date upon which the Home Loan has been made available 
to the borrower thereof, all lending criteria and preconditions as applied by the originator of the Home 
Loan pursuant to its customary lending procedures were satisfied. Each of the Collateral Providers 
retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time.  
If the lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Home Loans, that 
may lead to increased defaults by borrowers thereof and may affect the realisable value of the 
Collateral Security Assets or part thereof, and the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the 
Covered Bonds upon the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and then transfer of title to the 
Home Loan receivables and Home Loan Security in favour of the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer's 
ability to make payments under the Covered Bonds may be negatively affected.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Mortgage and other privilege  
a) Mortgage Mandates (and similar rights) under Belgian law 
Certains Home Loan may only be partly secured by a mortgage (meaning that the mortgage is for a 
lower amount than the initial loan amount). 
Generally, the debtor of the relevant Home Loan governed by Belgian law may have granted a 
mortgage mandate (hypothecair mandaat / mandate hypothécaire) or a promise of mortgage 
(hypothecair belofte / promesse d’hypothèque). Neither a mortgage mandate nor a promise of 
mortgage constitutes an actual security which creates a priority right of payment out of the proceeds of 
a sale of the mortgaged property. The mortgage mandate is an irrevocable power of attorney granted 
by a borrower (or a third party provider) to certain attorneys enabling them to create a mortgage as 
security for the loan (a “Mortgage Mandate”), while a promise of mortgage is the mere contractual 
undertaking of a borrower (or a third party provider) to create a mortgage as security for the loan (a 
“Promise of Mortgage”). An effective mortgage will only become enforceable against third parties 
upon registration of such mortgage at the Mortgage Registration Office. The ranking of the mortgage 
is based on the date of registration. The registration is dated the day on which the mortgage deed 
pertaining to the creation of the Mortgage and the “registration extracts” (borderellen/bordereaux) are 
registered at the Mortgage Registration Office. When a Mortgage Mandate is converted into a 
Mortgage or a Mortgage is created further to the exercise of a Promise of Mortgage, stamp duties 
(registratierechten/droits d’enregistrement) and other costs will be payable. 
The following limitations, amongst others, exist in relation to the conversion of Mortgage Mandates or 
exercise of a Promise of Mortgage:  
(a) 
a debtor that has granted a Mortgage Mandate or a Promise of Mortgage may grant a 
mortgage to a third party that will rank in priority to the Mortgage to be created pursuant to 
the conversion of the Mortgage Mandate or to the exercise of the Promise of Mortgage, 
although this would generally constitute a breach of the contractual obligations of such 
debtor;  
(b) 
if a conservatory attachment (bewarend beslag/saisie conservatoire) or an executory 
attachment (uitvoerend beslag/saisie exécution) on the mortgaged asset has been made by a 
third party creditor of the debtor, a mortgage registered pursuant to the exercise of the 
Mortgage Mandate or a Promise of Mortgage after the writ of attachment has been recorded 
at the Mortgage Registration Office, will not be enforceable against such creditor; 
(c) 
if a debtor is a merchant or commercial entity, the effectiveness of the Mortgage Mandate or 
Promise of Mortgage can be limited by insolvency laws applicable to such debtor; 
(d) 
if the debtor, as the case may be, is an individual, and started collective debt settlement 
proceedings, a mortgage registered at the mortgage register after the judge has declared the 
request admissible, is not enforceable against the other creditors; and 
(e) 
besides the possibility that the debtor may grant a Mortgage to another lender as referred to 
above, the mortgage to be created pursuant to a Mortgage Mandate or the Promise of 
Mortgage may also rank after certain legal mortgages (such as e.g. the legal Mortgage of the 
Treasury) to the extent these mortgages are recorded with the Mortgage Registration Office 
before the exercise of the Mortgage Mandate or the Promise of Mortgage. 
However, for Home Loans which are partially secured by a Mortgage, only the portion of Home Loans 
which are effectively secured by a mortgage will be taken into account for the calculation of the cover 
ratio.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
WS0101.36145418.1 
The Issuer’s ability to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds may be negatively affected by 
the legal procedures described above. 
b) Shared Mortgages under Belgian law 
Certain Home Loans constitute term advances under a revolving credit facility (kredietopening / 
ouverture de crédit). Moreover, mortgages (hypotheek / hypothèque) securing Home Loans may 
further secure other advances or loans made from time to time under such revolving credit facility in 
addition all other amounts which a debtor owes or in the future may owe to the Collateral Provider 
acting as lender. A mortgage which secures all other amounts which the debtor owes or in the future 
may owe to the Collateral Provider acting as a lender under the revolving credit facility in addition to 
the Home Loan or the revolving credit facility is called an all sums mortgage (alle sommen hypotheek 
/ hypothèque pour toute somme) (an “All Sums Mortgage”). As a consequence of the assignment of a 
Home Loan to the Issuer, the Issuer and the Collateral Provider may thus share the benefit of the same 
mortgage (a “Shared Mortgage”) since it will secure both the Home Loan (security in favour of the 
Issuer) and other loans originated under the same revolving credit facility, if any, or any other 
obligations owing from time to time to the Collateral Provider, if any (security in favour of the 
Collateral Provider).  
Pursuant to Article 81quater of the Belgian mortgage Act of 16 December 1851 (Hypotheekwe / Loi 
hypothécaire) (the "Belgian Mortgage Act"), advances granted under a revolving facility secured by a 
mortgage can be transferred to a credit institution, such as the Issuer. Furthermore, pursuant to Articles 
81quater and 81quinquies of the Belgian Mortgage Act, an advance or loan secured by an All Sums 
Mortgage which is transferred to a credit institution, such as the Issuer, shall rank in priority to any 
debt which arises after the date of the transfer and which is also secured by the same All Sums 
Mortgage. However, whereas the transferred loan ranks in priority to further loans, it will have equal 
ranking with loans or debts which existed at the time of the transfer and which were secured by the 
same All Sums Mortgage, unless contractually deviated. 
The Issuer’s ability to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds may be negatively affected by 
the legal procedures described above. 
The Issuer's limited ability to liquidate the properties secured under the Home Loans efficiently and 
in a timely manner 
a) Foreclosure 
Most of the rules on enforcement proceedings have been codified in a new code entered into force on 
1st June 20121. Rules regarding foreclosure can be found under Articles L. 311-1 et seq. and R. 321-1 
et seq. of the French Code of Civil Enforcement Procedures (Code des procédures civiles 
d’exécution).  
Specific rules are provided for lender’s privileges and mortgages registered in the French departments 
of Haut-Rhin, Bas-Rhin and Moselle. These specific rules do not substantially change the outline of 
the procedures set out below.  
Foreclosure on property located in France by secured creditors may require the sale of the property at 
a public auction if the sale cannot be made voluntarily by the debtor (conversion en vente volontaire or 
à l’amiable). The foreclosure procedure may take up to one and a half (1.5) years in normal 
circumstances. 
                                                     
 
1 Decree no. 2012-783 of 30 May 2012 and order no. 2011-1895 of 19 December 2011 on the legislative section 
of the French Code of Civil Enforcement Procedures (Code des procedures civiles d'exécution).

--- Page 32 ---
32 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Pursuant to Article R. 321-1 et seq. of the French Code of Civil Enforcement Procedures (Code des 
procédures civiles d’exécution), the first step in the foreclosure procedure consists in delivering a 
foreclosure notice to the debtor by a bailiff or process server (commandement de saisie immobilière). 
This notice is filed at the French Land and Charges Registry (known since 1st January 2013 as the 
fichier immobilier) having jurisdiction in the district where the real property is located.  
The next step is to instruct a local lawyer to prepare the terms of the sale of the property at auction, 
including the reserve price of the relevant real property (such instruction is not mandatory in the 
departments of Haut-Rhin, Bas-Rhin and Moselle).  
Finally, a number of legal notices must be given prior to the sale. The debtor may file objections 
against such foreclosure (including the reserve price), the validity of which will be decided by a 
competent court. If no bid is made at the public auction, and provided there is only one (1) foreclosing 
creditor, such foreclosing creditor is declared the highest bidder and is thus obliged to purchase the 
property at the reserve price specified in the terms of the sale. 
If no agreement is reached (for instance if the sale price of the property is substantially below the 
amount of the secured debt), the third party will still be entitled to offer to pay the sale price to the 
secured creditors in order to clear all privileges and mortgages granted over the relevant property 
(purge judiciaire, Articles 2476 et seq. of the French Civil Code (Code Civil)). Secured creditors may 
refuse this offer if they believe that the sale price has been underestimated by the debtor and the third 
party. In this case, an auction will be ordered with a minimum bid corresponding to the price offered 
by the relevant third party to the secured creditor, plus ten per cent (10%). 
The Issuer’s ability to liquidate the properties secured under the Home Loans efficiently and in a 
timely manner, and in turn to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds, may be negatively 
affected by the legal procedures described above. 
b) Insolvency proceedings  
Furthermore, the Issuer’s ability to liquidate the properties secured under the Home Loans efficiently 
and in a timely manner, and in turn to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds, may be 
adversely affected by the initiation of insolvency proceedings, which would result in a stay of 
proceedings against the mortgagor, including foreclosure. Such insolvency proceedings would result 
in further delay for the mortgagee.  
The Issuer’s ability to liquidate the properties secured under the Home Loans efficiently and in a 
timely manner may be adversely affected by indebtedness of physical persons and accordingly may 
affect the Issuer's ability to make payments under the Covered Bonds. If those persons have initiated 
proceedings with the household debt commission (depôt de dossier devant la commission de 
surendettement), the foreclosure procedure may be suspended pursuant to Articles R. 322-15 to 
R. 322-19 of the French Code of Civil Enforcement Procedures (Code des procédures civiles 
d’exécution). Such insolvency proceedings would result in further delay for the mortgagee. Such 
delays may negatively affect the timely payments in favour of Bondholders under the Covered Bonds. 
Enforcement of Home Loan Guarantees 
If following enforcement of the Collateral Security in favour of the Issuer and notification of the 
debtors under the Home Loans and then enforcement of its rights by the Issuer under the relevant 
Home Loan Guarantees against the guarantor, the later does not pay in whole or in part any amounts 
due under the relevant Home Loan Guarantee for whatever reason or does not pay such amounts in a 
timely manner, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
WS0101.36145418.1 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO COVERED BONDS  
2.1 
Risks related to the Covered Bonds generally 
EU Resolution and Recovery Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU dated 15 May 2014 establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" 
or "BRRD"), which was implemented in France by a decree-law (Ordonnance portant diverses 
dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière) dated 
20 August 2015, as modified by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (and furher 
amending Directive 98/26/EC) (the "BRRD Revision" and together with the BRRD, the "BRRD II"), 
which was implemented in France by a decree-law (Ordonnance no. 2020-1636 relative au régime de 
résolution dans le secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020, and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 
dated 15 July 2014 as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 dated 20 May 2019 (the "SRM 
Regulation") provide for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms. The regime provided for by the BRRD II is, among other 
things, stated to be needed to provide the authority designated by each EU Member State (the 
"Resolution Authority") with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an 
unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and 
economic functions, while minimizing the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and 
financial system (including taxpayers' exposure to losses). Under the SRM Regulation a centralized 
power of resolution is established and entrusted to the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") and to the 
national resolution authorities. 
The recovery framework contains several resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely 
to fail (on the basis of objective elements), (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative 
private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, 
and (c) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest.  
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD II and the SRM Regulation include 
write-down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt 
instruments) and eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments such as the Covered Bonds if 
junior instruments prove insufficient to absorb all losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution under 
resolution in accordance with a set order of priority (the "Bail-in Tool"). They also include write-
down/conversion powers with respect to institutions or groups which viability would otherwise be at 
threat or who require extraordinary financial support. 
In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the BRRD II provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to 
implement other resolution measures with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for 
resolution, which may include (without limitation) the sale of the institution's business, the creation of 
a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as 
obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including 
altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on 
payments), removing management, appointing an interim administrator, and discontinuing the listing 
and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
With respect to the obligations de financement de l'habitat and other covered bonds, the BRRD II 
provides that the Resolution Authority shall not exercise the write down or conversion powers in 
relation to secured liabilities including covered bonds and liabilities in the form of financial 
instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover pool and which 
according to national law are secured in a way similar to covered bonds, whether they are governed by 
the law of a Member State or of a third country. Nevertheless, relevant claims for the purposes of the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Bail-in Tool would still include the claims of the holders in respect of any Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme, only if and to the extent that the bonds liability exceeded the value of the cover 
pool collateral against which it is secured. In such case, the write-down or conversion requirements 
could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary shares or other 
instruments of ownership of the bonds, or the variation of the terms of bonds (for example, the 
maturity and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be 
ordered). 
The application of any resolution measure under the French BRRD II implementing provisions, or any 
suggestion of such application, with respect to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the rights of 
the holders of Covered Bonds, the price or value of an investment in the Covered Bonds and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. Moreover, if the Issuer's 
financial condition deteriorates, the existence of the Bail-in Tool or the exercise of write-
down/conversion powers by the Resolution Authority independently of a resolution measure with 
respect to capital instruments and eligible liabilities (subject to conditions) or in combination with a 
resolution measure when it determines that the institution or its group will no longer be viable could 
cause the market price or value of the Covered Bonds to decline more rapidly than would be the case 
in the absence of such powers. 
Bondholders may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision 
of the Resolution Authority to exercise its resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a 
judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
Change of law 
The terms and conditions of the French law Covered Bonds are based on French law in effect as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change in French law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such decision or change could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the French law 
Bondholders. If any change in law was unfavourable to the Issuer or the French law Bondholders, it 
could have an adverse or a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Covered Bonds 
(depending on the nature of the change) and could have potentially negative repercussions on the 
French law Bondholders' investment in the Covered Bonds. The risk of changes in law is higher for 
Covered Bonds with longer maturities. 
Modification of the Conditions 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, the French law Bondholders will, in respect of 
all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interest in a 
Masse, as defined in Condition 12, which will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the French law Bondholders (the 
"Collective Decisions"). Collective Decisions are generally adopted either through a General Meeting 
or by unanimous consent following a written consultation. The terms and conditions of the French law 
Covered Bonds permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Bondholders including 
Bondholders who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting 
and Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. General Meetings or written 
consultations may deliberate on any proposal relating to a resolution to direct the Representative to 
take any action as provided under this Base Prospectus (including to serve an Issuer Enforcement 
Notice) to the modification of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or 
settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, as more 
fully described in Condition 12. While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the terms and 
conditions will need to be amended by way of a General Meeting or written consultation during the 
life of the French law Covered Bonds, if such a General Meeting were to take place or such a written 
consultation were to be taken, it is possible that a majority of French law Bondholders could adopt a 
decision that would modify the terms and conditions in a way that could impair or limit the rights of

--- Page 35 ---
35 
WS0101.36145418.1 
the French law Bondholders. However, the likelihood of a majority of French law Bondholders 
adopting a decision that would have a significant adverse effect on the French law Bondholders should 
not be overplayed. 
2.2 
Risks related to the Structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series (other than 
the German law Covered Bonds which will be issued in materialised registered form) or have different 
terms to an existing Series (in which case they will constitute a new Series). All Covered Bonds issued 
from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects.  
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered 
Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for prospective investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common such features. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of such Covered Bonds 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer will redeem Covered Bonds when it appears that the Borrower is about to redeem the 
corresponding Borrower Advance(s) and the Borrower may be expected to redeem such corresponding 
Borrower Advance(s) when the general cost of borrowing of the Borrower is lower than the interest 
rate on such Borrower Advance(s). At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. This could have a material 
adverse effet on the Bondholders could lose part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Investment in Covered Bonds which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond is determined during the term of such 
Covered Bond or within a given period of time, the market interest rate (the “Market Interest Rate”) 
typically varies on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Fixed Rate 
Covered Bond varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Covered Bond equals 
approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond typically increases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Covered Bond equals 
approximately the Market Interest Rate. French law Bondholders should be aware that movements of 
the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Covered Bonds and could cause French 
law Bondholders to lose part of the capital invested if they decide to sell Covered Bonds during a 
period in which the market interest rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Covered Bonds. It is difficult to 
anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the price of the Covered Bonds and cause French law Bondholders who sell Covered 
Bonds on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds

--- Page 36 ---
36 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Investment in Covered Bonds which bear interest at a floating rate comprises (i) a reference rate and 
(ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant 
margin will not change throughout the life of the Covered Bonds but there will be a periodic 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or 
six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the 
market value of floating rate Covered Bonds may be volatile in case of changes in the margin 
prevailing in the floating rate covered bond market for comparable Covered Bond Issuer or if changes, 
particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Covered Bonds upon the next periodic adjustment of the 
relevant reference rate. 
A key difference between Floating Rate Covered Bonds and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds is that interest 
income on Floating Rate Covered Bonds cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, 
investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Covered Bonds at the time they 
purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having 
longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide for frequent 
interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. 
That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates 
then prevailing. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such 
volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the yield of Floating Rate Covered Bonds and give 
rise to investment risk. 
Risk relating to Benchmarks Regulation and other reforms and to certain benchmark rates that 
may be administered differently or discontinued in the future 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and EUR-
CMS) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be 
subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to 
or referencing such a "benchmark".  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 dated 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as may be amended from 
time to time (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. It, among other 
things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive 
requirements in relation to the administration of "benchmarks", and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). In the United Kingdom, the Benchmarks 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") provides for equivalent sets of rules. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked 
to or referencing a "benchmark", including in any of the following circumstances:  
- 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU 
jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and 
the transitional provisions do not apply; and  
- 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things,

--- Page 37 ---
37 
WS0101.36145418.1 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and EUR-CMS): (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing 
a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 dated 27 November 2019 
and further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 dated 10 February 2021 which introduces a 
harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring to 
the European Commission the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, 
such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments that have not been renegotiated 
before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement 
(or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the European 
Commission or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the Benchmarks Regulation). In 
addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end 
of 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory 
requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
The use in the EU by supervised entities of a third-country benchmark is permitted for financial 
instruments, financial contracts and measurements of the performance of an investment fund that 
already reference that benchmark or which add a reference to such benchmark before 31 December 
2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. 
Other interbank offered rates such as EURIBOR (the European Interbank Offered Rate)  may be 
discontinued or be subject to changes in their administration. The new hybrid calculation of 
EURIBOR has already been adapted to the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. However, the 
EURIBOR is also subject to constant review and revision. It is currently not foreseeable whether 
EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and beyond 2025. 
Changes to the administration of a benchmark or the emergence of alternatives benchmarks, may 
cause such benchmark to perform differently than in the past, or there could be other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. The discontinuation of a benchmark or changes to its administration could 
require changes to the way in which the Rate of Interest is calculated in respect of any Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds referencing or linked to such benchmark. The development of alternatives to a 
benchmark may result in Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such benchmark performing 
differently than would otherwise have been the case if the alternatives to such benchmark had not 
developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, 
any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such benchmark. 
Whilst alternatives to certain benchmark for use in the bond market are being developed, in the 
absence of any legislative measures, as the case may be, outstanding covered bonds linked to or

--- Page 38 ---
38 
WS0101.36145418.1 
referencing a benchmark will only transition away from such benchmark in accordance with their 
particular terms and conditions. 
Indeed, investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were disconstinued or otherwise unavailable, 
the Rate of Interest of the Covered Bonds will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions applicable to the Covered Bonds. However, such fall-back provisions may be deviated from 
if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, as mentioned above. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or 
other relevant reference rate (such as EUR-CMS), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be 
published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Floating Rate Covered Bonds by 
reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds), with or without the application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds to ensure the proper operation of the successor or 
replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Reference Rate Determination Agent and without the 
consent of the Bondholders. An adjustement spread if applied, could be positive or negative, and 
would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark.  
The Successor Rates or Alternative Rates may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly 
their general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be 
difficult to determine or measure. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate 
compared to the historical and expected performance of the relevant benchmark.  
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest for 
such Interest Period be based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of a Fixed Rate Covered Bonds linked to 
or referencing a "benchmark". In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of a Reference Rate Determination Agent, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Any such 
consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds referencing a "benchmark" or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should note 
that, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment 
could have unexpected and significant adverse consequences and there can be no assurance that, due 
to the particular circumstances of each Bondholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each 
Bondholder. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such "benchmarks".

--- Page 39 ---
39 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, from a floating rate to a fixed rate, from a fixed rate to another 
fixed rate or from a floating rate to another floating rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate, from a fixed rate to another fixed 
rate or from a floating rate to another floating rate, in each case on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of 
such Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a 
lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or if there is 
an automatic change from a fixed rate to a floating rate, as set out in the relevant Final Terms, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. If the Issuer converts 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate, or if there is an automatic change from a floating rate to a fixed rate 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its 
Covered Bonds. It is difficult to anticipate market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility 
may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Covered Bonds. Investors should also refer to 
the risk factors relating to Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds  
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds than on the prices of ordinary Covered Bonds because the discounted issue prices are 
substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds can suffer 
higher price losses than other Covered Bonds having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their 
leverage effect, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds are a type of investment associated with a particularly 
high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds. It is difficult to anticipate future market 
volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of 
the Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. It is difficult to anticipate future price volatility, but any such volatility may have an 
adverse effect on the market value of the Covered Bonds. Therefore, holders of Covered Bonds issued 
at a substantial discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than 
holders of conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds may be redeemed after their Final Maturity Date 
Pursuant to Condition 7(a), the Final Maturity Date of the Soft Bullet Covered Bonds may be extended 
automatically to the Extended Final Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 7(a)) upon the occurrence 
of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). The payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount may be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that all or part of 
the Final Redemption Amount unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any 
Specified Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at 
the relevant applicable Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and be payable on

--- Page 40 ---
40 
WS0101.36145418.1 
each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
The extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds from the Final Maturity Date to the Extended 
Final Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Bondholders to accelerate payments or take 
action against the Issuer and will result in a delay of payments of principal on the relevant Covered 
Bonds.  
Covered Bonds issued with a specific Use of Proceeds  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the 
Issuer's intention to issue "green covered bonds", "social covered bonds" or "sustainability covered 
bonds" and apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the eligible green loan categories (the "Eligible 
Green Loan Categories" and such Covered Bonds being "Green Covered Bonds"), the eligible 
social loan categories (the "Eligible Social Loan Categories" and such Covered Bonds being "Social 
Covered Bonds") or from both the Eligible Green Loan Categories and the Eligible Social Loan 
Categories (such Covered Bonds being "Sustainability Covered Bonds"), as defined in the "Use of 
Proceeds" section of the relevant Final Terms and as further described in Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's green, 
social and sustainability bond framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the 
"Framework") which is available on the website of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37866/en/page-de-contenu-green-social-bonds). 
Bondholders should have regard to the information set out in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this 
Base Prospectus as completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, the use of such proceeds for any projects 
included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan Categories may not 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required 
to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, social or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or any Eligible Social Loan Categories.  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be 
defined as, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or equivalently labelled project is still under 
development. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework 
to facilitate sustainable investment was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the 
"Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification 
system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common language for 
determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria for 
determining which economic ctivities can be considered as contributing substantially to climate 
change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity 
causes no significant harm to any other environmental objectives entered into force on 1 January 2022. 
The technical criteria refer to environmental regulations or standards of which a good knowledge will 
be essential to evaluate the "alignment" (or conformity) of an activity. In some cases, the verification 
of the alignment of an activity can be done by the competent national authorities or independent 
authorities or independent certifiers. It was completed by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2022/1214 of 9 March 2022, which entered into force on 1st January 2023 and includes under strict 
conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the 
Taxonomy. However, the Taxonomy Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulations mentioned 
above remain subject to further developments with regard to other specific economic activities.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
WS0101.36145418.1 
As a result, the definition of a “green” project or equivalently labelled project is now set for objectives 
related to climate change mitigation or adaptation, specifying the criteria required by a particular 
project to qualify as a “green” project, unless it is related to an economic activity identified in the 
course of finalisation. However, there is currently no established definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) or market consensus as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be 
classified as “social” or “sustainable” project or a project labelled as equivalent, and as such may not 
meet the criteria set by the EU taxonomy, or meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
“green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
The second party opinion provided by Vigeo Eiris or any opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of 
any Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds and in particular 
with any projects included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan 
Categories to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria may not be suitable 
for investors. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed 
to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is 
only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Bondholders must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Covered 
Bonds. It is also specified that the providers of such opinions and certifications are and will be 
independent experts. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Covered 
Bonds. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealer(s) will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any issue 
in connection with its content. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social 
or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Loan 
Categories and/or any Eligible Social Loan Categories. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria 
for any such listing or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Any such listing or admission to trading may not be obtained in respect of any such Covered 
Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of 
the Covered Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Covered Bonds, Social 
Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the 
Framework as completed by the relevant Final Terms: (i) the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject 
of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan Categories may 
not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or accordance with any 
timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for such 
projects and such green and/or social projects may not be completed (totally or partially) within any 
specified period or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer and (ii) the proceeds of any issue of Green Covered 
Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds may cover all losses in the balance 
sheet of the Issuer (and not only losses stemming from Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or Eligible 
Social Loan Categories) pursuant to BRRD II. In addition, Bondholders should note that the Issuer 
may change its Framework and/or the selection criteria it uses to select Eligible Green Loan 
Categories and/or Eligible Social Loan Categories at any time.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Any (i) failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or 
Sustainability Covered Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Framework as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms, (ii) withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion 
or certification being superseded by an opinion or certification stating that the Issuer has not complied, 
in whole or in part, with any matters on which the original opinion or certification had opined or 
certified, (iii) lack of Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or Eligible Social Loan Categories that the 
Issuer may finance or refinance, (iv) event or circumstances resulting in the Green Covered Bonds, 
Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market and/or (v) failure to provide or publish any reporting, will 
not constitute an Event of Default under the Covered Bonds, create an obligation for the Issuer to 
redeem the Covered Bonds, give a right to the Bondholders to request the early redemption or the 
acceleration of the Covered Bonds and/or give any claim to the Bondholders against the Issuer. 
Any such events as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Covered Bonds 
and also potentially the value of any other Covered Bonds which are intended to finance such projects 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
2.3 
Risks related to the market of the Covered Bonds 
Market value of the Covered Bonds  
The market value of the Covered Bonds will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a 
number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the market interest and yield rates and the 
time remaining to the maturity date.  
The value of the French law Covered Bonds that may be listed and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other Regulated Market depends on a number of interrelated 
factors, including economic, financial and political events in France, in the United Kingdom 
(including Brexit) or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock 
exchanges on which the French law Covered Bonds are traded. The price at which the holders of the 
French law Covered Bonds will be able to sell the French Law Covered Bonds prior to maturity may 
be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
holders and result in losing part of their investment in the French Law Covered Bonds. 
An active trading market for the Covered Bonds may not develop 
French law Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. German law Covered Bonds will not be 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or any other market and a secondary market will probably 
not develop through other means. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Covered Bonds generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the 
market value of Covered Bonds. 
In addition, Bondholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market 
conditions (which continue at the date of this Base Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of 
liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Covered Bonds. Such lack of liquidity 
may result in investors suffering losses on the Covered Bonds in secondary resales even if there is no 
decline in the credit strength of the Issuer or the performance of the Collateral Security Assets.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely 
affect the market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
This Programme allows for Covered Bonds to be issued in a range of currencies (the "Specified 
Currency") as defined in Condition 6(a). The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered 
Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, holders whose 
financial activities are carried out or dependend principally in a currency or currency unit other than 
the relevant Specified Currency may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. If this risk ever materialises, the holders of the Covered Bonds may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
WS0101.36145418.1 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
Rating of the Covered Bonds and Rating Affirmation 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies are based on the Privilège, the 
Collateral Security, the Home Loans and Home Loan Security, the Cash Collateral and the other 
relevant structural and credit enhancement features provided for under the Programme Documents, 
including, among other things, the short-term and/or long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated debt rating of the parties to the Programme Documents, and reflects only the views of 
the Rating Agencies. The Fitch and Moody's ratings address the likelihood of full and timely receipt 
by any of the relevant Bondholders of interest on the Covered Bonds and the likelihood of receipt by 
any of the relevant Bondholders of principal of the Covered Bonds by the relevant Final Maturity 
Date. There is no assurance that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or that it will not 
be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies as a result of changes 
in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so 
warrant. 
A qualification, downgrade or withdrawal of the rating mentioned above may impact upon both the 
value of the Covered Bonds or their marketability in secondary market transactions. 
The Rating Agencies will be notified of the exercise of certain discretions exercised by or on behalf of 
the Issuer under the Programme Documents. However, the Rating Agencies are under no obligation to 
revert to the Issuer (or any of its agents) regarding the impact of the exercise of such discretion on the 
ratings of the Covered Bonds and any decision as to whether or not to confirm, downgrade, withdraw 
or qualify the rating of all classes or any class of Covered Bonds based on such notification may be 
made at the sole discretion of the Rating Agencies at any time, including after the relevant action has 
been taken. 
Agencies other than the Rating Agencies could seek to rate the Covered Bonds and if such unsolicited 
rating are lower than the comparable rating assigned to the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies, 
those unsolicited rating could have an adverse effect on the value and the marketability of the Covered 
Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt and unless the context otherwise requires, any references to 
"ratings" or "rating" in this Base Prospectus are to rating assigned by the specified Rating Agencies 
only. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst 
the registration application is pending. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such 
credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union, and whether or 
not the relevant credit rating agency is registered (or has applied for registration) under the EU CRA 
Regulation and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its 
website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time and without prior notice by the assigning rating agency. 
Taxation  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Covered Bonds should be aware that they may be required to 
pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the 
country where the Covered Bonds are transferred or other jurisdictions, including the relevant Issuer's

--- Page 45 ---
45 
WS0101.36145418.1 
jurisdictions of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income received from the Covered 
Bonds. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be 
available for innovative financial instruments such as the Covered Bonds. Potential investors are 
advised to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the 
acquisition, sale and redemption of the Covered Bonds. Only these advisers are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
Certain conflicts of interest 
Conflicts of interest may arise during the life of the Programme as a result of various factors involving 
certain transaction parties. For example, such potential conflicts may arise because Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa acts or may act in several capacities under the Programme Documents (including as Arranger, 
Dealer or Reference Rate Determination Agent) provided that its rights and obligations under the 
Programme Documents are not contractually conflicting and are independent from one another. Also 
during the course of their business activities, the Issuer, the Dealers and/or any respective affiliates 
may operate, service, acquire or sell properties, or finance loans secured by properties, which are in 
the same markets as the Home Loans. In such cases, the interest of any of those parties or their 
affiliates or the interest of other parties for whom they perform servicing functions may differ from, 
and compete with, the interest of the Issuer or of the Bondholders.  
Forecasts and estimates 
Estimates of the weighted average lives of the Covered Bonds contained in this Base Prospectus, 
together with any other projections, forecasts and estimates in this Base Prospectus are forward-
looking statements. Such projections are speculative in nature and it can be expected that some or all 
of the assumptions underlying the projections will not prove to be wholly correct or will vary from 
actual results. Consequently, the actual results might differ from the projections and such differences 
might be significant.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
WS0101.36145418.1 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Arkéa Home Loans SFH accepts responsibility for the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this document and the Final Terms of each Tranche of the Covered Bond issued under the 
Programme. To the best of its knowledge, the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Paris, 25 May 2023 
 
Arkéa Home Loans SFH 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon 
France 
 
Represented by: 
Philippe BAUDA  
Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 47 ---
47 
WS0101.36145418.1 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For a description of the main terms of the Programme Documents entered into by the Issuer as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, please refer to section entitled "Material Contracts". 
Interest and 
principal 
payment under 
the Covered 
Bonds 
Covered 
Bonds 
Proceed
Interest and 
principal 
Borrower 
Advances 
 
Collateral 
Security 
Collateral 
Security Fee 
 
Issuer 
 
Borrower 
 
Collateral 
Providers 
 
Covered Bonds 
Investors

--- Page 48 ---
48 
WS0101.36145418.1 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which 
have been previously or simultaneously published and filed with the CSSF and which are incorporated 
by reference in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
- 
the annual financial report of Arkéa Home Loans SFH for the year ended, 
31 December 2022, in the French language, which includes the financial statements of the 
Issuer as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2022, including the audited cash flow 
statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021 (the "2022 Financial Statements") and the auditors' report thereon (the 
"2022 Auditors' Report" and together with the 2022 Financial Statements, the "2022 
Annual Financial Report"); 
https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2023-
03/rfa_sfh_2022_v_def__08_03_2023_sans_signature.pdf  
- 
the annual financial report of Arkéa Home Loans SFH for the year ended, 
31 December 2021, in the French language, which includes the financial statements of the 
Issuer as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2021, including the audited cash flow 
statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020 (the "2021 Financial Statements") and the auditors' report thereon (the 
"2021 Auditors' Report" and together with the 2021 Financial Statements, the "2021 
Annual Financial Report"); 
https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2022-
03/rapport_financier_annuel_sfh_2021_vdef_pdf.pdf    
- 
the annual financial report of Arkéa Home Loans SFH for the year ended, 31 December 
2020, in the French language, which includes the financial statements of the Issuer as at, and 
for the year ended, 31 December 2020, including the audited cash flow statements of the 
Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 (the "2020 
Financial Statements ") and the auditors' report thereon (the "2020 Auditors' Report" and 
together with the 2020 Financial Statements, the "2020 Annual Financial Report"); 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2021-
03/rfa_sfh_2020_def_gdb_complet.pdf 
- 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds" of the following base 
prospectuses relating to the Programme:  
(i) 
Base Prospectus dated 9 May 2011 (the "2011 Covered Bonds Conditions") : 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2014-
06/base-prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-home-loans-sfh-09052011.pdf,  
(ii) 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
14 
June 
2013 
: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2014-
02/base-prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-home-loans-sfh-14062013.pdf and its second 
supplement dated 2 September 2013 (the "2013 Covered Bonds Conditions") : 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2014-
02/supplement2-base-prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-home-loans-sfh-02092013.pdf,

--- Page 49 ---
49 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(iii) Base Prospectus dated 29 May 2015 (the "2015 Covered Bonds Conditions") : 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2016-
11/base-prospectus-arkea-home-loans-sfh-29052015.pdf,  
(iv) 
Base Prospectus dated 27 June 2017 (the "2017 Covered Bonds Conditions") : 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2017-
06/base-prospectus-arkea-home-loans-sfh-27062017.pdf,  
(v) 
Base Prospectus dated 13 September 2018 (the "2018 Covered Bonds Conditions") : 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2018-
09/base-prospectus-arkea-home-loans-sfh-13092018.pdf,  
(vi) 
Base Prospectus dated 9 April 2020 (the "2020 Covered Bonds Conditions") : 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2020-
04/arkea_hl_sfh_-_2020_base_prospectus_-_v_finale_2020_04_09.pdf,  
(vii) Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2021 (the "2021 Covered Bonds Conditions") : 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2021-
05/arkea_hl_sfh_-_2021_base_prospectus_-_v_finale_1.pdf, and  
(viii) Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2022 (the "2022 Covered Bonds Conditions") : 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2022-
05/arkea_hl_sfh_-_2022_base_prospectus_version_finale.pdf. 
The documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, free of charge, at 
the principal office of the Issuer during normal business hours and on the website of Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa (http://www.arkea.com) so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding. This Base 
Prospectus, the 2021 Annual Financial Report and the 2022 Annual Financial Report will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the 
list above,the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by 
reference herein, is for information purposes only and has not been scrutinized or approved by the 
competent authority. 
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the 
cross reference list below. For the avoidance of doubt, the non-incorporated parts of the documents 
incorporated by reference, i.e. the pages not listed in the cross-reference list below, are not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, do not form part of the Base Prospectus and are 
given for information purposes only.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Cross-reference list  
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
(Annex VI item 11 of the European Delegated 
Regulation 2019/980/EU) 
REFERENCE 
11. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 Historical financial information 
2021 Annual Financial Report 
 
- 
Balance sheet 
Page 43 of the 2021 Annual Financial Report 
- 
Income statements 
Page 44 of the 2021 Annual Financial Report 
- 
Notes 
Pages 45 to 55 of the 2021 Annual Financial Report 
- 
Cash Flow Statements 
Page 54 of the 2021 Annual Financial Report 
- 
Audit report from the auditors relating 
to the above 
Pages 56 to 64 of the 2021 Annual Financial Report 
2022 Annual Financial Report 
 
- 
Balance Sheet 
Page 41 of the 2022 Annual Financial Report 
- 
Income Statements 
Page 42 of the 2022 Annual Financial Report 
- 
Notes 
Pages 47 to 55 of the 2022 Annual Financial 
Report  
- 
Cash Flow Statements 
Page 54 of the 2022 Annual Financial Report 
- 
Audit report from the auditors relating to 
the above 
Pages 56 to 64 of the 2022 Annual Financial 
Report  
 
 
The Covered Bonds Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the 
purpose only of further issues of Covered Bonds to be assimilated (assimilables) and form a single 
series with Covered Bonds already issued under the relevant Covered Bonds Previous Conditions.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Cross-reference list in respect of the Covered Bonds Previous Conditions 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
 
REFERENCE 
2011 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Covered Bonds 
Pages 45 to 74 of the Base Prospectus dated 
9 May 2011 
2013 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Covered Bonds 
Pages 42 to 73 of the Base Prospectus dated 
14 June 2013 and pages 2 to 3 of its second 
supplement dated 2 September 2013 
2015 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Covered Bonds 
Pages 76 to 112 of the Base Prospectus dated 
29 May 2015  
2017 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Covered Bonds 
Pages 75 to 111 of the Base Prospectus dated 
27 June 2017 
2018 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Covered Bonds 
Pages 98 to 137 of the Base Prospectus dated 
13 September 2018 
2020 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Covered Bonds 
Pages 53 to 92 of the Base Prospectus dated 
9 April 2020 
2021 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Covered Bonds 
Pages 56 to 95 of the Base Prospectus dated 
18 May 2021 
2022 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Covered Bonds 
Pages 55 to 95 of the Base Prospectus dated 
18 May 2022 
 
Non-incorporated parts of the 2011 Covered Bonds Conditions, 2013 Covered Bonds Conditions, 
2015 Covered Bonds Conditions, 2017 Covered Bonds Conditions, 2018 Covered Bonds Conditions, 
2020 Covered Bonds Conditions, 2021 Covered Bonds Conditions and 2022 Covered Bonds 
Conditions are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
WS0101.36145418.1 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW 
COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") that, as completed, in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the French law 
Covered Bonds. The form of terms and conditions applicable to the German law Covered Bonds is 
contained in the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
In this section, "Covered Bonds" will include French law Covered Bonds only. In the case of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms (and subject to simplification by the deletion 
of non-applicable provisions) or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed shall be endorsed on 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds.  
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement, or defined or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings when used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. References in the 
Conditions to "Covered Bonds" are to the Covered Bonds of one (1) Series only and not to all Covered 
Bonds that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Covered Bonds are issued by Arkéa Home Loans SFH (the "Issuer"). The Issuer is licensed as a 
specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of a société de 
financement de l'habitat ("SFH") by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, governed by 
Articles L. 513-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), as 
they may be amended from time to time, in particular as amended by the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 
2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 which transposes under French law Directive (EU) 2019/2162 dated 27 
November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending 
Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU.  
The Covered Bonds are issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis, in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Covered Bonds of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Covered Bonds of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms 
of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the nominal amount, issue price, redemption price 
thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the "Final 
Terms") in accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
The Covered Bonds are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 25 
May 2023 (the "Agency Agreement") entered into between the Issuer, BNP Paribas as fiscal agent 
and principal paying agent and the other agents named therein. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and 
the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal 
Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation 
Agent(s)". BNP Paribas and/or any other agent(s) appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement will 
not benefit from the Privilège for the payment of its fees or any other amounts that might be due to 
it/them by the Issuer under the Agency Agreement. The holders of the interest coupons (the 
"Coupons") relating to interest bearing Materialised Covered Bonds and, where applicable in the case 
of such Covered Bonds, talons (the "Talons") for further Coupons are referred to below as the 
"Couponholders".

--- Page 53 ---
53 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Copies of the Final Terms applicable to a Series of Covered Bonds may be obtained, upon request, 
free of charge, from the registered office of the Issuer provided that, if such Series of Covered Bonds 
is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") nor 
offered in the EEA in circumstances where a Base Prospectus is required to be published under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), the 
applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Bondholder holding one or more Covered Bonds 
and such Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer as to its holding of such 
Covered Bonds and identity. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below. 
1. 
Definitions  
"Base Prospectus" means the Base Prospectus, dated 25 May 2023 of the Issuer, in the form 
approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg. 
"Bondholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Covered Bond" means (a) in the case of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account 
of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as 
being entitled to such Covered Bonds; (b) in the case of Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Covered Bond and the Coupons or Talons 
relating to it; and (c) in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds in respect of which a 
Temporary Global Certificate has been issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a 
clearing institution) who appears as the holder of such Covered Bonds or of a particular 
nominal amount of interests in such Covered Bonds, in accordance with the applicable laws 
and regulations and with the applicable rules and procedure of any relevant clearing 
institution including, without limitation, Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as 
appropriate. 
"Closing Date" means the date of the issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds 
(including German law Covered Bonds) by the Issuer. "German law Covered Bonds" 
means covered bonds which are governed by German law, the form of terms and conditions 
of which is contained in the Agency Agreement. 
"Issuer Event of Default" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
at any relevant time following the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice 
(as defined in section "Material Contracts" of this Base Prospectus), a Breach 
of Amortisation Test (as defined in section "Asset Monitoring" of this Base 
Prospectus) occurs; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is in default in the payment of principal of, or interest on, any 
Covered Bond (including the payment of any additional amounts mentioned in 
Condition 9) when due and payable, unless such default has arisen by reason of 
technical default or error and payment is made within five (5) Business Days of 
the due date thereof; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance or observance of any of its other 
material obligations under any Covered Bond and such default has not been 
cured within thirty (30) calendar days after the receipt by the Fiscal Agent (with 
copy to the Issuer and, where applicable, the Specific Controller) of the written 
notice of such default by (i) in the case of any French law Covered Bond, the 
Representative, and (ii) in the case of any German law Covered Bond, a

--- Page 54 ---
54 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Bondholder, requiring such default to be remedied and indicating that this 
provision may be invoked if it is not so remedied; or 
(d) 
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer (including any Covered 
Bonds of any other Series (including German law Covered Bonds)) becomes or 
becomes capable of being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
as a result of a default thereunder, or any such indebtedness shall not be paid 
when due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period 
(a "Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event"); or 
(e) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the liquidation or winding 
up of the Issuer (except in the case of a liquidation or winding up for the 
purpose of a reconstruction, amalgamation, merger or following the transfer of 
all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer, the terms of which have 
previously been approved by the Majority Bondholders of all Series for which 
Covered Bonds or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, are Outstanding, 
and such liquidation or winding up being subject to prior Rating Affirmation); 
or 
(f) 
the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt or 
applies for, or is subject to, any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings set out in 
Book VI of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), it being 
understood that the Issuer applying for the appointment of an ad hoc 
representative (mandataire ad hoc) or entering into a conciliation procedure 
(procédure de conciliation) or being subject to such application with its 
principal creditors will not constitute an event of default pursuant to new Article 
L. 611-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). Pursuant to 
such new Article L. 611-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce), any contractual provision to the contrary shall be null and void; or 
(g) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on all or a material part of its business (except in the 
case of a cessation for the purpose of a reconstruction, amalgamation, merger or 
following the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer, in 
each case the terms of which have previously been approved by the Majority 
Bondholders of all Series for which Covered Bonds (including German law 
Covered Bonds) or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, are 
Outstanding and such case of cessation being subject to prior Rating 
Affirmation). 
"Majority Bondholders" means (i) in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, a decision of 
the General Meeting (as defined in Condition 12) of such Series taken in accordance with 
Condition 12(d) and (ii) in relation to German law Covered Bonds, an approval of one or 
more German law Bondholders holding at least two-thirds (⅔) of the then outstanding 
principal amount of such German law Covered Bonds. 
"Outstanding" means, in relation to Covered Bonds of any Series, all the Covered Bonds 
(including German law Covered Bonds) issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed 
in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption 
has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Covered 
Bonds to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been 
duly paid as provided in Condition 8, (c) those which have become void or in respect of 
which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled or 
held by the Issuer, for so long as such Covered Bonds are held by the Issuer as provided in 
these Conditions, (e) in the case of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds (i) those 
mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds that have been surrendered in

--- Page 55 ---
55 
WS0101.36145418.1 
exchange for replacement Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, (ii) (for the purpose only 
of determining how many such Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds are outstanding and 
without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds have been issued and (iii) any 
Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, pursuant to its provisions. 
"Payment Date" means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the payment 
date of any principal or interest amount applicable to the Issuer and specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms of the Covered Bonds. 
"Programme Documents" means: 
(a) 
the Shareholder Letter of Undertaking (see section "The Issuer – Issuer Share 
Capital, Subordinated Loans and Issuer Majority Shareholder's undertakings"); 
(b) 
the Subordinated Loan agreements (see section "The Issuer – Issuer Share Capital, 
Subordinated Loans and Issuer Majority Shareholder's undertakings") to be 
entered into, from time to time, after the Closing Date; 
(c) 
the Administrative Agreement (see section "Material Contracts"); 
(d) 
the Convention d'Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de Moyens (see section 
"The Issuer – Issuer Risk Management"); 
(e) 
the Issuer Accounts Agreement (see section "Material Contracts"); 
(f) 
the terms and conditions (including the terms and conditions of the German law 
Covered Bonds); 
(g) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(h) 
the Dealer Agreement (see section "Subscription and Sale"); 
(i) 
the Borrower Facility Agreement (see section "Material Contracts"); 
(j) 
the Collateral Security Agreement (see section "Material Contracts"); 
(k) 
the Cash Collateral Agreement (see section "Material Contracts"); 
(l) 
the Calculation Services Agreement (see section "Material Contracts"); 
(m) 
the Asset Monitor Agreement and the engagement letter of the Asset Monitor (see 
section "Material Contracts"); 
(n) 
the Master Definitions and Construction Agreement, provided for the definitions of 
defined terms used under some other Programme Documents; and 
(o) 
the hedging agreement(s) (if any). 
"Rating Affirmation" means, with respect to any specified action, determination, or 
appointment, and except as otherwise specified herein and/or in any Programme Documents, 
notification by the Issuer to the relevant Rating Agencies, for so long as any Covered Bonds 
are rated by them, of such specified action, determination or appointment which does not 
result in the downgrading, or withdrawal, of the ratings then assigned to the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
WS0101.36145418.1 
"Rating Agencies" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), Moody's France S.A.S. 
("Moody's") or any other rating agency of equivalent standing or any successor thereto. 
"Regulated Market" means a regulated market (within the meaning of Directive 
2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended from time 
to time) within the EEA and appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the ESMA. 
"Representative Consent" means, with respect to any specified action, determination or 
appointment, receipt by the Issuer of (i) written confirmation of consent of 2/3 of the holders 
of each Series of Outstanding German law Covered Bonds, as described in the Agency 
Agreement, and (ii) written confirmation of consent of the Representative (acting upon 
instructions of the Majority Bondholders of the relevant Series of Outstanding French law 
Covered Bonds), in each case to such proposed action, determination or appointment. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title  
(a) 
Form 
Covered Bonds may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds") or in materialised form ("Materialised Covered Bonds"), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be evidenced in accordance with Articles  
L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier) by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) will be issued 
in respect of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as 
central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the relevant Account Holders, or 
in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
holder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed in the 
books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant holder of Covered Bonds or in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the 
Issuer or a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent").  
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central 
depositary identification information of holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in 
bearer form (au porteur) such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of 
birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email address of 
such holders as well as the quantity of Covered Bonds held by each of them and any 
restrictions applicable to the Covered Bonds. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear 
France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Covered Bonds are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Covered 
Bonds in definitive form ("Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds") are serially 
numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached,

--- Page 57 ---
57 
WS0101.36145418.1 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Final Maturity Date or the Extended 
Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are 
not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), securities (such as 
Covered Bonds constituting obligations under French law) in materialised form and 
governed by French law must be issued outside the French territory. 
The Covered Bonds may be "Fixed Rate Covered Bonds", "Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds", "Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds" and "Zero Coupon Covered Bonds" or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption 
method specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the applicable Conditions.  
(b) 
Denomination 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in the specified denomination set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)"), provided that all Covered Bonds admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation shall have a minimum denomination of €1,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency at the time of issue) or such higher amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time in relation to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be issued in one (1) Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Covered Bonds may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Covered Bonds in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Covered 
Bonds may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts 
maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, including, where appropriate, 
Coupons and/or a Talon attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder of any Covered Bond (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to 
be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on 
it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
3. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Covered Bonds 
(a) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be 
converted for Dematerialised Covered Bonds in registered form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form, (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted for Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(iii) Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the holder of such Covered Bonds, be converted into Covered Bonds 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The 
exercise of any such option by such holder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R. 211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier). Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Covered Bonds 
Materialised Covered Bonds of one (1) Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
4. 
Status 
Subject to the Priority Payment Orders, the principal and interest of the Covered Bonds, and, 
where applicable, any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5(b), privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and 
rateably with all other present and future obligations (including the French law Covered 
Bonds and German law Covered Bonds of all other Series) and other resources raised by the 
Issuer benefiting from the Privilège described in Condition 5. 
5. 
Covenants 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, is 
Outstanding:  
(a) 
Negative Pledge 
Except in accordance with the Programme Documents, the Issuer will not create or permit to 
subsist any privilege, mortgage, charge, pledge or other form of security interest (sûreté 
réelle) upon any of its assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant 
Undertaking (as defined below) of, or guaranteed by, the Issuer, where "Relevant 
Undertaking" means any present or future (i) indebtedness for borrowed money or (ii) 
undertaking in relation to interest or currency swap transactions. 
(b) 
Privilège (Statutory Priority in Right of Payment) 
The principal and interest to be paid under the Covered Bonds will benefit from the privilège 
(statutory priority in right of payment) created by Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (the "Privilège"). 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Livre VI of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)), pursuant to Article L. 513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier): 
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans or assimilated receivables, 
exposures and securities referred to in Articles L. 513-3 to L. 513-7 and L. 513-29 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) including, any 
mortgage, charge, lien or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and forward 
financial instruments referred to in Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in each case after any applicable set-
off, together with the claims in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with credit 
institutions, shall be allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of

--- Page 59 ---
59 
WS0101.36145418.1 
obligations de financement de l'habitat (such as the Covered Bonds) and any other 
resources raised by the Issuer and benefiting from the Privilège; 
(ii) 
in case of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, or 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) against the Issuer, the amounts due 
by the Issuer from time to time under the obligations de financement de l'habitat 
(including the Covered Bonds) or any other resources or liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other Issuer's 
debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from 
agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from 
the Privilège have been paid in full, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any 
right over the assets and rights of the Issuer, either in principal or accrued or future 
interest; 
(iii) neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) against the Issuer will result in the 
acceleration of payment of obligations de financement de l'habitat and the other debts 
benefiting from the Privilège. 
(c) 
Limitation on Indebtedness 
The Issuer undertakes not to incur any indebtedness other than as contemplated by the 
Programme Documents unless: 
(i) 
such indebtedness is fully subordinated to the outstanding indebtedness incurred in 
relation to the Covered Bonds, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
prior Rating Affirmation has been delivered in relation to such indebtedness. 
(d) 
Restrictions on mergers or reorganisations 
The Issuer undertakes not to enter into any merger, re-organisation or similar transaction 
without prior Representative Consent and Rating Affirmation. 
(e) 
Separateness covenants 
The Issuer undertakes (except as permitted under the Programme Documents or the Issuer's 
by-laws): 
(i) 
to maintain books and records separate from any other person or entity; 
(ii) 
to maintain its accounts separate from those of any other person or entity; 
(iii) not to commingle assets with those of any other entity; 
(iv) 
to conduct its own business in its own name; 
(v) 
to maintain separate financial statements; 
(vi) 
to pay its own liabilities out of its own funds;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(vii) to observe all corporate, partnership or other formalities required by its constituting 
documents; 
(viii) not to guarantee or to become obligated for the debts of any other entity or to hold out 
its credit as being available to satisfy the obligations of others;  
(ix) 
not to acquire capital shares of its partners or shareholders; 
(x) 
to use its own separate stationery, invoices and cheques; 
(xi) 
to hold itself out as a separate entity; 
(xii) not to have any employees; 
(xiii) not to voluntarily wind up; and  
(xiv) to correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity. 
(f) 
Amortisation Test 
Following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer undertakes to comply 
with the Amortisation Test. For the purposes hereof, the terms of section "Asset 
Monitoring" of this Base Prospectus are incorporated in this Condition 5(f). 
(g) 
Programme Documents 
Subject to the qualifications described in the relevant Programme Document(s) to which it is 
a party, the Issuer undertakes that no amendment, modification, alteration or supplement 
shall be made to any Programme Document to which it is a party without prior Rating 
Affirmation if the same materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the 
Bondholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may amend, modify, alter or supplement any 
Programme Document to which it is a party without prior Rating Affirmation: 
(i) 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
(ii) 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to any Programme Document to which 
it is a party to any successor; 
(iii) to add to the undertakings and other obligations of any party (except the Issuer) under 
any Programme Document to which it is a party; or 
(iv) 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations. 
In addition, the Issuer undertakes that: 
(i) 
each Programme Document to which the Issuer is or will become a party will include 
limited recourse language pursuant to which the creditors of the Issuer (including the 
holders of the Covered Bonds) will agree that their recourse will be limited to the 
funds that are available to the Issuer at any relevant date; and 
(ii) 
each Programme Document submitted to French, or English law if applicable, to 
which the Issuer is or will become a party will also include non-petition language, 
whereby the creditors of the Issuer (including the holders of the Covered Bonds) will 
agree not to commence or to join any proceedings for the insolvency of the Issuer

--- Page 61 ---
61 
WS0101.36145418.1 
prior to the end of an eighteen (18)-month period and one (1) day after all Covered 
Bonds have been paid and discharged in full. 
German law Covered Bonds (a) are subject to the particular limited recourse provisions 
specified in the terms and conditions of the German law Covered Bonds the form of which is 
included in the Agency Agreement and (b) are not subject to non-petition provisions. 
(h) 
Notification of Issuer Events of Default 
In respect of any Series, the Issuer undertakes to promptly inform the Rating Agencies, the 
Representative and the Administrator of the occurrence of any Issuer Event of Default. Upon 
receipt of a written request to that effect from the Rating Agencies, the Representative or the 
Administrator, the Issuer shall confirm to the Rating Agencies, the Representative and the 
Administrator that, save as previously notified to each of them or as notified in such 
confirmation, no Issuer Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
(i) 
No further Issuance 
The Issuer undertakes not to issue any further Covered Bonds (including German law 
Covered Bonds) under the Programme: 
(i) 
as from the date a Borrower Enforcement Notice (as defined in section "Material 
Contracts" of this Base Prospectus) has been served, except for the purposes of 
subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 19; 
(ii) 
as from the date an Issuer Enforcement Notice has been served; 
(iii) for so long as a Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test (as defined in section "Asset 
Monitoring " of this Base Prospectus) has occurred and is not remedied, except for 
the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance 
with Condition 19; or 
(iv) 
for so long as a Non Compliance with Amortisation Test (as defined in section "Asset 
Monitoring " of this Base Prospectus) has occurred and is not remedied, except for 
the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance 
with Condition 19; or  
(v) 
for so long as, regarding the Pre-Maturity Test (as defined in section "Asset 
Monitoring - The Pre-Maturity Test" of this Base Prospectus), a Cash Collateral 
Funding Notice (as defined in the section "Asset Monitoring - The Pre-Maturity 
Test" of this Base Prospectus) has been delivered and the required amount has not 
been funded within the required time frame, except for the purposes of subscription by 
the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 19. 
(j) 
Rating of further Issuance 
Subject to Condition (i) above, the Issuer undertakes that any new further issuance of 
Covered Bonds will be rated by the Rating Agencies. 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
WS0101.36145418.1 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), in their updated versions 
applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, as may be 
supplemented, amended or superseded2. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by the ISDA, in 
their updated versions applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series, as may be supplemented, amended or superseded3. 
"Benchmark" means the reference rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms which shall be 
either the the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (the "EURIBOR"), the mid-market annual swap 
rate for a euro denominated interest swap transaction (the "EUR-CMS") or any reference 
rate that might replace them. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Real Time Gross Settlement System (T2) or 
any successor thereto (the "T2 System") is operating (a "T2 Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
the principal financial centre for that currency, and/or 
(iii) in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business centre(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s) "), a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is 
indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Covered Bond for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
three hundred and sixty-five (365) (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-six (366) and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
                                                     
 
2 Copies of such 2006 ISDA Definitions may be obtained, free of charge, at the principal office of the Issuer 
during normal business hours. 
3 Copies of such 2021 ISDA Definitions may be obtained, free of charge, at the principal office of the Issuer 
during normal business hours.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year, 
in each case, where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date, and  
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360); 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360), 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:  










360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D1 will be thirty (30); and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be thirty-one (31)and 
D1 is greater than twenty-nine (29), in which case D2 will be thirty (30);

--- Page 64 ---
64 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360), 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:  










360
D
D
M
M
x
30
Y
Y
x
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2






 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be thirty-one (31), in 
which case D1 will be thirty (30); and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) 
or (ii) such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D2 will be thirty (30). 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination 
Date relates. 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the EU that have adopted or 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the functioning of the European 
Union as amended from time to time. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the day falling two (2) T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in

--- Page 65 ---
65 
WS0101.36145418.1 
the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date or such other date as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or, the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Covered Bonds and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the 
Euro-zone). 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon, the date on which 
payment in respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding 
is made or (in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Covered 
Bonds that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Covered Bond or Coupon being 
made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment 
is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the 
financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected 
(which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro Zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified 
Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in 
the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, 
the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and 
offered rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the 
Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe 
and the Euro Zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount

--- Page 66 ---
66 
WS0101.36145418.1 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, the currency in which the Covered Bonds are denominated. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the 
duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal 
to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 6(c)(ii). 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest 
("Broken Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable 
on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, 
the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an 
Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified 
to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms is (A) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, 
(C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specify that the relevant Business 
Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount 
payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day 
Convention. 
(iii) Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in 
the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the provisions 
below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending 
upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
(a) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2006 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(A)(a), "ISDA Rate" for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
1. the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
2. the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and 
3. the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
or such other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(A)(a), "Floating Rate", 
"Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", 
"Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those 
terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
If Floating Rate Option in the relevant Final Terms provides that the Rate 
of Interest will be determined by linear interpolation in respect of an

--- Page 68 ---
68 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest 
Accrual Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by linear 
interpolation between two (2) rates of interest based on the relevant 
Floating Rate provided that the first rate of interest corresponds to a 
maturity immediately inferior to the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and the second rate corresponds to a maturity immediately 
superior to the length of the same relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. For the 
avoidance of doubt, "Minimum Rate of Interest" shall refer to the relevant 
rate plus any relevant margin. 
(b) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2021 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(A)(b), "ISDA Rate" for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
1. the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
2. the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
3. the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
or such other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
4. the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; 
5. the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Interest Commencement Date; 
6. the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual 
Period; 
7. the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions for which purpose references to "Effective Date" and 
"Period End Date" (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to 
be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); 
and 
8. if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
WS0101.36145418.1 
- 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph 3. above, the relevant Reset 
Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual 
Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is 
either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number 
is specified as such in the Final Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified 
as such in the Final Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either 
(x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the Final Terms, the number specified as 
the "Lookback" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, 
Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day is as specified in the Final Terms, and the Observation 
Period Shift is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or 
(y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified 
as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Lockout Period 
Business Day is as specified in the Final Terms and the 
Lockout is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if 
no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 5(c)(iii)(B)(b), except as otherwise 
defined in such sub-paragraph, "Calculation Agent", "Compounding 
with Lockout", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift", 
"Delayed 
Payment", 
"Designated 
Maturity", "Effective Date", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", 
"Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Day", 
"Lockout"", 
"Lookback", 
"Observation Period Shift", "OIS Compounding", "Overnight 
Floating Rate Option", "Period End Date", "Reset Date", "Set in 
Advance" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those 
terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 ISDA Definitions

--- Page 70 ---
70 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. For such purpose, references to "Relevant Rate" under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds - general 
provisions: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or 
about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such 
Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the following: 
(1) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or  
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose 
Relevant Rates appear on that Page, in each case appearing on such 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date as 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); and 
(2) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-
paragraph (1)(I) applies and no Relevant Rate (other than the EUR-CMS) 
appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date or if sub-paragraph (1)(II) applies and fewer than two (2) Relevant 
Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates (other than the EUR-CMS) 
that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), and 
(3) 
if paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates (other 
than the EUR-CMS), subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of 
the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks selected 
by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, in the 
Euro Zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Principal 
Financial Centre") are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date 
on which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the 
Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or 
(if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying 
on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than 
two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal

--- Page 71 ---
71 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest 
determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after 
readjustment for any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding 
Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
(iv) 
Fallback provision: Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
the Conditions of any Covered Bonds provide for any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks 
specified in Condition 6(c)(iii). 
(A) 
Reference Rate Determination Agent 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior 
to the next Interest Determination Date), to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iv)(B)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
6(c)(iv)(C)) and any Benchmark Amendments, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 6(c)(iv)(D)). 
A Reference Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 
6(c)(iv) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
expert and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation 
Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Bondholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iv). 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6(c)(iv)(D)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6(c)(iv)); or  
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
6(c)(iv)(D)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Covered 
Bonds (subject to the further operation of this Condition 6(c)(iv)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent, determines (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for

--- Page 72 ---
72 
WS0101.36145418.1 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iv) and the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent determines (A) that amendments to the Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and 
(B) the relevant terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iv)(E), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Bondholders, vary the 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
6(c)(iv), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices), the Bondholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
determined under this Condition 6(c)(iv). Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be final and binding on the Issuer, the party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable), the Paying Agent, the Representative and the 
Bondholders. 
(F) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Reference Rate Determination Agent has been 
appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the Original Reference Rate will continue 
to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Conditions of the Covered Bonds will continue to apply to 
such determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances,

--- Page 73 ---
73 
WS0101.36145418.1 
lead to apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6(c)(iv), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 6(c)(iv) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), the 
fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Conditions including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in 6(c)(iii)(B)(3) above, will 
continue to apply). 
(G) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 6(c)(iv): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Reference Rate Determination Agent is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Bondholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body;  
b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate 
where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines there is no such spread, 
formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent determines acting in good faith to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines in accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iv) and which is customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Covered Bonds.  
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
WS0101.36145418.1 
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i); 
c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (d)(i);  
e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months;  
f) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the opinion 
of the supervisor, is no longer representative of an underlying market or that 
its method of calculation has significantly changed; 
g) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful 
for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Bondholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if 
applicable); or 
h) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to 
article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator 
previously authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been 
adopted.  
"Reference Rate Determination Agent" means a financial institution of 
international repute or an adviser of recognised standing with appropriate 
expertise, at all times acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 6(c)(iv)(A) 
(which may be one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds 
and/or the Calculation Agent). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest 
(or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Covered Bonds, including 
Relevant Rate and CMS Rate. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable):

--- Page 75 ---
75 
WS0101.36145418.1 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body.  
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds:  
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds for which a change of interest basis 
(the "Change of Interest Basis") is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Switch Date") from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate, from a Fixed Rate to another Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to another 
Floating Rate. The Issuer election to change the interest basis (the "Issuer Change of 
Interest Basis") should be deemed effective after a valid notification sent by the 
Issuer to the relevant Bondholders within the period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
the rate at which the Covered Bonds bear interest will automatically change from a 
Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, from a Fixed Rate 
to another Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to another Floating Rate (the 
"Automatic Change of Interest Basis") at the date(s) set out in the Final Terms (the 
"Automatic Switch Date"). 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Where a Covered Bond the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case 
may be) pursuant to Condition 7(d) and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable 
prior to the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be. As from the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, if any), the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Covered Bond shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 7(d)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Covered Bond on the due date for redemption unless (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, on such due date or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Covered Bonds, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or

--- Page 76 ---
76 
WS0101.36145418.1 
refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgement) 
at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if Linear Interpolation is specified as 
applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates of interest based on the applicable Relevant 
Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity corresponds to a 
maturity immediately inferior to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity corresponds to a maturity 
immediately superior to the length of the same relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(g), "Designated Maturity" means the period of time 
designated in the Relevant Rate. 
(h) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one (1) or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest 
Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding 
(if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such 
Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be, in any case, lower than zero. 
(iii) For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest fifth decimal (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven (7) figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that 
fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves 
being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(i) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Covered Bond for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal 
amount of such Covered Bond by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is 
specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Covered Bond for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest 
Period comprises two (2) or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(j) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption 
Amounts  
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent 
may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in 
respect of each Specified Denomination of the Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount 
to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the holders of 
Covered Bonds, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Covered Bonds that 
is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Covered Bonds 
are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so 
require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 6(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other 
number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long 
as any Covered Bond is Outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant 
office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall 
appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as 
such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Covered Bonds, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed 
as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly 
to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation 
Agent (acting through its principal Paris or Luxembourg office, as appropriate, or any other 
office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent 
may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
WS0101.36145418.1 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is 
extended pursuant to Condition 7(i), each Covered Bond shall be finally redeemed on the 
final maturity date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Maturity Date") at its 
Final Redemption Amount (which is its nominal amount). 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer of all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 17 to the holders of Covered Bonds redeem all or, if so provided, 
some, of the Covered Bonds on any optional redemption date (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (the "Optional Redemption Date"). Any such redemption of Covered Bonds 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption 
must relate to Covered Bonds of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
All Covered Bonds in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Covered Bonds, the notice to 
holders of such Materialised Covered Bonds shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and 
in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated 
Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the 
redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of such Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject 
to compliance with any other applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
So long as the Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules thereof so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there 
has been a partial redemption of the Covered Bonds, cause to be published either on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading newspaper of 
general circulation in Luxembourg a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of 
Covered Bonds outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds a list of any 
Materialised Covered Bonds, drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of Bondholders  
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Bondholder, upon the Bondholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice to the Issuer redeem such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
WS0101.36145418.1 
To exercise such option, the Bondholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified 
office a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained 
during normal business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case 
may be, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, the Exercise 
Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Covered Bonds (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the 
Bondholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Covered Bonds to 
be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris, as specified 
in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Covered Bond so 
deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption Amount 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered 
Bond, upon redemption of such Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 7(e) or (f) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 or the 
Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 7(b) or 7(c) shall be the 
amortised nominal amount the ("Amortised Nominal Amount") (calculated as 
provided below) of such Covered Bond. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of any such Covered Bond shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Covered Bond on the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended 
Final Maturity Date, if any) discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the amortisation yield (which shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Covered 
Bonds if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) (the 
"Amortisation Yield") compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Covered Bond 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 7(e) or (f) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 10 or the Optional Redemption Amount 
pursuant to Condition 7(b) or 7(c) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of 
such Covered Bond shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Covered 
Bond as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph 
shall have effect as though the date on which the Covered Bond becomes due 
and payable was the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, if 
any), in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Covered Bond on the Final Maturity Date (or the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, if any) together with any interest that may accrue 
in accordance with Condition 6(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Covered Bonds 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Covered Bond (other 
than Covered Bonds described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Covered

--- Page 80 ---
80 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Bond pursuant to Condition (e) or (f) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 10 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(B) 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Covered Bond 
(other than Covered Bonds described in (i) above), upon redemption of such 
Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 7(b) or 7(c) will be determined on the 
following basis: 
"Optional Redemption Amount" = Y × Specified Denomination  
Where: 
"Y" means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would 
on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional 
amounts as specified under Condition 9(b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any 
Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar 
days’ notice to the Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance 
with Condition 17, redeem all, but not some only, of the Covered Bonds at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given 
shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of principal and interest without withholding for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds, be prevented by French law from making payment to the 
Bondholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then due and 
payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in 
Condition 9(b) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Covered Bonds then Outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount then due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, provided that if such 
notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant 
to such notice of Bondholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving notice 
to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at 
any time, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be 
given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of 
the full amount payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, or, if applicable, Coupons or, 
if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(f) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series shall be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer of all the relevant laws, regulations and directives, in whole, but 
not in part, at any time, on giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar 
days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 17 to the holders of Covered Bonds, if 
the Issuer satisfies the Fiscal Agent immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, 
or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bonds of any Series, become 
unlawful for the Issuer to make, fund or allow to remain outstanding any Borrower Advance 
made by the Lender to the Borrower or to comply with any other of its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds of that Series, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable 
laws or regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become effective before the 
next such Interest Payment Date. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two (2) representatives of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence 
of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on all Bondholders and Couponholders. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(f) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7(d) above together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Covered Bonds (provided that, in the 
case of Materialised Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price. 
Covered Bonds so purchased by the Issuer may be either (i) held and resold or (ii) cancelled 
in accordance with Condition 7(h) below, all in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer to be cancelled, will be cancelled, 
in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, by transfer to an account in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Covered 
Bonds, by surrendering the relevant Temporary Global Certificate or the Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds in question, together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or 
surrendered, shall, together with all Covered Bonds redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, all rights relating to 
payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Covered Bonds and, 
in the case of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Covered Bonds so 
cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Covered Bonds 
shall be discharged.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(i) 
Soft bullet maturity 
As specified in the Final Terms, Covered Bonds may have:  
(i) hard bullet maturities (which means with no Extended Final Maturity Date, as 
defined below); or  
(ii) soft bullet maturities (allowing the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series to be 
extended), provided that : 
(A) an extended Final Maturity Date (the "Extended Final Maturity Date") shall 
be specified as applying in relation to such Series in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(B) the maturity extension trigger event(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms 
(each such event, a "Maturity Extension Trigger Event") comply with the 
conditions set out in Articles L. 513-30 and R. 513-8-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).  
If a Maturity Extension Trigger Event occurs, the payment of the unpaid amount shall be 
automatically deferred and shall become due and payable one (1) or several year(s) later on 
the Extended Final Maturity Date (the "Extension of the Maturity"). However, any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date 
may be paid by the Issuer on any Specified Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on 
such Final Redemption Amount during such extended period and be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions. 
The Issuer shall notify the relevant Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 17), the 
Rating Agencies, the Administrator and the Fiscal Agent as soon as reasonably practicable 
and in any event at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Final Maturity Date of any 
inability of the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series on the 
Final Maturity Date. 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Covered Bonds shall (i) in 
the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur) or administered 
registered form (au nominative administré), be made by transfer to the account denominated 
in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the holders of 
Covered Bonds and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in fully registered 
form (au nominative pur), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank 
designated by the relevant holder of Covered Bonds. All payments validly made to such 
Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such 
payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit 
or transfer to an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which 
the Specified Currency may be credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment

--- Page 83 ---
83 
WS0101.36145418.1 
in Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the 
payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency 
drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, shall be any country in the Euro 
Zone, and, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively). 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of partial payment of any sum 
due, annotation) of such Covered Bonds, and payments of interest in respect of 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, annotation) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the 
United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive form should be presented for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for 
this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), 
failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the 
sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of ten (10) years after the Relevant Date in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 11) 
or, if later, five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive form becoming due and repayable 
prior to its Final Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will 
become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Covered Bond in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Covered Bond is not an 
Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Covered Bond from 
(and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against presentation and surrender 
(if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Covered Bond. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Covered Bonds are denominated in U.S. 
dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the

--- Page 84 ---
84 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such 
amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse 
tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives but without prejudice to Condition 9 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Covered 
Bonds or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the 
Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base Prospectus 
relating to the Programme of the Covered Bonds of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency for any Bondholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation Agent and to appoint other Fiscal 
Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying 
Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions 
so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least one major European city 
(and ensuring the financial services of the Covered Bonds in Luxembourg so long as the 
Covered Bonds are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and traded 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and such other city where the 
Covered Bonds are admitted to trading, so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading 
on any other Regulated Market of the EEA), (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be 
required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Covered Bonds may be 
admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Materialised Covered Bonds denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described 
in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 17. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Covered Bond, the Talon forming part of such Coupon 
sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent outside the United States 
in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon 
sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11).

--- Page 85 ---
85 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Business Day, 
the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day, nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "Business 
Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Covered Bonds, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in the city of the Paying Agent's specified office, (C) 
in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant Final 
Terms and (D) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is 
to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on 
which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in 
Euro, which is a T2 Business Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 8, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the relevant currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2 
System. 
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Covered Bonds or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Covered 
Bond or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future 
taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay 
such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Bondholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Bondholder or Couponholder 
who is liable to such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection with 
France other than the mere holding of the Covered Bond or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
More than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds, more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant 
Date except to the extent that the Bondholder or Couponholder would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment, where presentation is 
required, on the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
References in these Conditions to (A) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption

--- Page 86 ---
86 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (B) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it and (C) 
"principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be 
payable under this Condition. 
10. 
Events of Default 
Subject to the legal framework applicable to an SFH, if an Issuer Event of Default occurs in 
respect of any Series of French law Covered Bonds, the Representative (i) may, at its 
discretion, or (ii) shall, if so directed by the Majority Bondholders or if such Issuer Event of 
Default is a Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event, upon written notice (an "Issuer 
Enforcement Notice") to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer (with copy to the Administrator 
and to the Rating Agencies) given before all defaults have been cured, cause the principal 
amount of all Covered Bonds of such Series to become due and payable (but subject to the 
relevant Priority Payment Order), together with any accrued interest thereon, as of the date 
on which such notice for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Covered 
Bonds and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and 
become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in 
the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
12. 
Representation of Bondholders 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 12(i) below with respect to Covered Bonds issued 
with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), the 
Bondholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the 
provisions of articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) 
as supplemented by this Condition 12. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Bondholders (the 
"Collective Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Bondholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in 
relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
WS0101.36145418.1 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer.  
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of 
the Bondholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Bondholders or initiated by them must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or by 
unanimous consent of the Bondholders following a written consultation (the "Written 
Unanimous Decision"). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), 
the rights of each Bondholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the 
entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as 
the case may be) of the name of such Bondholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. Collective Decisions 
must be published in accordance with Condition 12(h). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Covered Bonds of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Bondholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative 
a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called 
within two (2) months after such demand, the Bondholders may commission one of them to 
petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Bondholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions 
of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the 
Bondholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat, except when the 
General Meeting deliberates on any proposal for a merger or demerger of the Issuer in the 
circumstances provided for under Articles L. 236-13 and L. 236-18 of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce), in which case the decision will be taken by a simple 
majority of votes held by the Bondholders attending such General Meeting or represented 
thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 12(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of 
the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the 
date of the General Meeting on second convocation.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Each Bondholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Bondholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of 
the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be 
presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the 
relevant Bondholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in 
the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the 
holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, and during the five (5) calendar day 
period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Unanimous Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken 
by a Written Unanimous Decision.  
Such Written Unanimous Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Bondholders 
without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 12(d)(i). 
Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Bondholders in accordance with Article L. 
228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) ("Electronic Consent"). 
Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a 
General Meeting of such Bondholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained 
in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of such Bondholders and shall be published in accordance with Condition 12(h). 
(iii) Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) 
The provisions of Article L. 228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce) and the related provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) 
shall not apply to the Covered Bonds.  
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Covered 
Bonds. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Covered Bonds of the same Series, and the holders of Covered Bonds of any 
other Series which have been assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with 
the Covered Bonds of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 16, shall, for 
the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Covered Bonds will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Bondholder 
If and for so long as the Covered Bonds of any Series are held by a sole Bondholder and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Bondholder shall 
exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).

--- Page 89 ---
89 
WS0101.36145418.1 
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so 
long as the Covered Bonds of such Series are held by a sole Bondholder, such Bondholder 
shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Bondholders acting through 
Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Bondholder in this capacity 
and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Covered 
Bonds of such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Bondholders 
Any notice to be given to Bondholders in accordance with this Condition 12 and pursuant to 
Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) shall 
be published on the website of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (http://www.arkea.com) and,  
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Covered Bonds in registered form (au nominatif), mailed 
to them at their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur), given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any 
other clearing system through which the Covered Bonds are for the time being cleared. 
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to the application of a Benchmark 
Amendment, the Bondholders shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any Benchmark 
Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iv). 
(j) 
Full Masse 
For Covered Bonds issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency), Condition 12 shall apply to the Covered Bonds subject to the following 
modifications: 
(i) 
The second paragraph of Condition 12(d)(i) shall be deleted and replaced by the 
following paragraph: 
"General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Bondholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be 
required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) 
majority of votes held by the Bondholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat." 
(ii) 
Condition 12(d)(iii) shall not apply to the Covered Bonds. 
(iii) Except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 
12(e) shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"(e) Expenses

--- Page 90 ---
90 
WS0101.36145418.1 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions." 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12, the expression "outstanding" shall not 
include the Covered Bonds subscribed or purchased by the Issuer which are held by the 
Issuer and not cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations as referred to in 
Condition 7(g). 
13. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Covered Bonds, a Definitive Materialised Covered Bond, 
Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the 
Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Bondholders, in each case 
on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further 
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Covered Bonds, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Limited recourse, Non petition 
Limited Recourse 
By subscribing to any Covered Bond, each Bondholder will be automatically deemed to have 
agreed: 
(a) 
not to seek recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds and these Conditions against any shareholder, member of the 
board of directors (conseil d’administration), chief executive officer (directeur 
général), vice chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) or agent of the 
Issuer, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any proceeding, by virtue of any 
statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that any obligation of 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions is a corporate obligation of 
the Issuer, and that no personal liability shall attach to or be incurred by the 
shareholders, members of the board of directors (conseil d’administration), chief 
executive officers (directeurs généraux), vice chief executive officers (directeurs 
généraux délégués) or agents of the Issuer, as such, or any of them under or by reason 
of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer contained in these 
Conditions or implied therefrom and, as a condition of and in consideration for the 
issuing by the Issuer of any Covered Bond, to waive any and all personal liability of 
every such shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil d’administration), 
chief executive officer (directeur général), vice chief executive officer (directeur 
général délégué) or agent of the Issuer for breaches by the Issuer of any of its 
obligations, covenants or agreements under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions; 
(b) 
to limit its recourse against the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions 
to amounts payable or expressed to be payable to it by the Issuer on, under or in 
respect of its obligations and liabilities under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, to the exclusion of any damage for breach of contract

--- Page 91 ---
91 
WS0101.36145418.1 
or other penalties not expressed as being payable by the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds and these Conditions) and in accordance with the then applicable Priority 
Payment Order;  
(c) 
that amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the Issuer on, under or in respect 
of its obligations and liabilities under the Covered Bonds and/or these Conditions shall 
be recoverable only from and to the extent of the amount of the Available Funds, as 
calculated on the relevant Interest Payment Date or (as applicable) on the relevant 
Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of each 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds (provided that, in the event that no Available Funds 
exist at the relevant date, the Issuer shall not be liable to make payment of the 
aforementioned amounts and provided further that, in the event that the Available 
Funds at the relevant date are insufficient to pay in full all amounts whatsoever due to 
it and all other claims ranking pari passu to its claims, then its claims against the 
Issuer shall be satisfied only up to a certain percentage of such Available Funds (as 
determined in accordance with the then applicable Priority Payment Order) and, after 
payment of such percentage, the obligations of the Issuer with respect to such amounts 
owed on the relevant date shall be discharged in full); 
(d) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in the event of safeguard (sauvegarde), 
judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to 
Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) against the Issuer, the amounts due by the Issuer from time to time under 
the obligations de financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) and any 
other resources or liabilities benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their 
contractual due date, and in priority to all other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred 
or secured, including interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration. 
Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been paid in full, no 
other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the 
Issuer, either in principal or accrued or future interest; 
(e) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 3 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) 
proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article 
L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
against the Issuer will result in the Covered Bonds and the other debts benifiting from 
the Privilège becoming due and payable; and 
(f) 
that, in accordance with Article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), the provisions of Article L. 632-2 of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (nullités facultatives de la période suspecte) 
shall not apply to payments made by the Issuer in application of the Programme 
Documents. 
German law Covered Bonds are subject to the particular limited recourse provisions 
specified in the terms and conditions of the German law Covered Bonds a form of which is 
included in the Agency Agreement. 
Non-Petition  
By subscribing to any Covered Bond, each Bondholder will also be automatically deemed to 
have agreed that prior to the date which is eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
WS0101.36145418.1 
earlier of (i) the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may 
be) of the last Series issued by the Issuer under the Programme, or (ii) the date of payment of 
any sums outstanding and owing under the latest Outstanding Covered Bond: 
(a) 
it will not take any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the 
winding-up, dissolution or organisation or for the appointment of a receiver, 
administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, liquidator, examiner, sequestrator or 
similar officer, of the Issuer or of any or all of the Issuer's revenues and assets; and 
(b) 
it will not have any right to take steps for the purpose of obtaining payment of any 
amounts payable to it under the Covered Bonds by the Issuer and shall not until such 
time take any step to recover any debts whatsoever owing to it by the Issuer otherwise 
than in accordance with, and subject to, the Conditions. 
The above undertakings by each relevant Bondholder shall survive the payment of all sums 
owing under any Covered Bond and/or these Conditions.  
German law Covered Bonds are not subject to non-petition provisions. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), the safeguard procedure, judicial reorganisation or liquidation 
(procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa, in its capacity as shareholder of the Issuer, shall not be extended to the Issuer. 
15. 
Priority Payment Orders 
As more fully described under section "Cash Flow" of this Base Prospectus, any and all 
sums due by the Issuer under the Programme (including principal and interest under the 
Covered Bonds) will be paid within the limit of the Available Funds of the Issuer at the time 
of such payment and according to the relevant Priority Payment Order described under 
section "Cash Flow" of this Base Prospectus. As a consequence, the payment of certain 
sums will be subordinated to the full payment of other sums. Bondholders are deemed to 
have notice of the provisions of the section "Cash Flow" of this Base Prospectus. 
16. 
Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Bondholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further Covered Bonds to be assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of 
French laws) with the Covered Bonds provided such Covered Bonds and the further Covered 
Bonds carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the principal 
amount thereof and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and 
that the terms of such Covered Bonds provide for such assimilation, and references in these 
Conditions to "Covered Bonds" shall be construed accordingly. 
17. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in registered form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at 
the option of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, so long as such 
Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on 
which such Covered Bonds is/are admitted to trading is/are located, which in the case

--- Page 93 ---
93 
WS0101.36145418.1 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort, or (iii) so long as such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so permit, on the website 
of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, which in the case of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Covered Bonds and Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) or, so long as such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market(s), in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where 
the Regulated Market(s) on which such Covered Bonds is/are admitted to trading 
is/are located, which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated 
Market is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort or, so long as such Covered Bonds are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so 
permit, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, which in 
the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds (whether 
in registered or in bearer form) (au nominatif or au porteur) pursuant to these 
Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Covered 
Bonds are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as 
required by Conditions 17(a) and (b), above; provided that (i) so long as such Covered 
Bonds are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of that 
Regulated Market so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on 
which such Covered Bonds is/are admitted to trading is/are located, which in the case 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort, and (ii) so long as such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so permit, on the website 
of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, which in the case of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
Any notice given by publication shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of 
the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Materialised Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, Condition 17 shall not apply to notices to be given 
pursuant to Condition 12. 
18. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Covered Bonds, Coupons or Talons may 
be brought before any competent courts in Brest. 
19. 
Subscription by the Issuer of Covered Bonds as eligible collateral with the Banque de 
France 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier), and notwithstanding the provisions of Articles 1349 of the French Civil Code 
(Code civil) and Articles L. 228-44 and L. 228-74 of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce), the Issuer as société de financement de l'habitat may subscribe to its own 
Covered Bonds (the "Auto-held Covered Bonds") for the sole purpose of granting them as 
collateral to the credit transactions with the Banque de France in accordance with the rules 
of the Eurosystem, provided that the Issuer's liquidity needs cannot be funded otherwise. 
Such recognition as eligible collateral will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. The Covered Bonds thus 
subscribed by the Issuer must meet the following conditions: 
- 
the outstanding principal amount of the Auto-held Covered Bonds does not exceed ten 
per cent. (10%) of the outstanding principal amount of any liabilities of the Issuer 
benefiting from the Privilège on the subscription date of the Auto-held Covered Bonds 
by the Issuer; 
- 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds are deprived of the rights provided for under Articles 
L. 228-46 to L. 228-89 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) for so 
long as they are held by the Issuer; 
- 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds are granted as collateral to the French central bank 
(Banque de France) or they are cancelled within the eight (8) calendar days from their 
settlement date or from the date they are no more granted as collateral, as applicable; 
and 
- 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds cannot be subscribed by a third party. 
The Specific Controller certifies these conditions are met in a report delivered to the Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
The cancellation of any Auto-held Covered Bond by the Issuer shall be notified by the 
Administrator to the Rating Agencies in accordance with the Administrative Agreement.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
WS0101.36145418.1 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will include German 
law and French law Covered Bonds, in the following section. 
The net proceeds of the issue of Covered Bonds (including Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered 
Bonds and Sustainability Covered Bonds) will be used to fund the Borrower Advances that the Issuer 
(as Lender) will make available to Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (as Borrower) under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement, and, in particular, the net proceeds of the issue of Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered 
Bonds and Sustainability Covered Bonds, as applicable, will be used to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the eligible green loan categories (the "Eligible 
Green Loan Categories" and such Covered Bonds being "Green Covered Bonds"), eligible social 
loan categories (the "Eligible Social Loan Categories" and such Covered Bonds being "Social 
Covered Bonds") or from both the Eligible Green Loan Categories and the Eligible Social Loan 
Categories (such Covered Bonds being "Sustainability Bonds"), as described in the relevant Final 
Terms and in Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's green, social and sustainability bond framework (as may be 
amended and supplemented from time to time, the "Framework"), which is available on Crédit 
Mutuel 
Arkéa's 
website 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37866/en/page-de-contenu-green-social-bonds). If, in 
respect of any particular issue, there is a particular use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Framework further describes the above-mentioned projects and complies with the Green Bond 
Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International 
Capital Markets Association in their updated version or any more recent version such as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Framework may be further updated or expanded to reflect evolutions in 
market practices, regulation and in the Issuer's activities. The Framework describes, in addition to the 
eligibility criteria, the use and management of proceeds, the reporting and the external reviews (second 
party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant Covered Bonds. 
 
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion on the Framework, which is 
also available on Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's website. The providers of such second party opinion and 
verification are independent experts. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Covered Bonds. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealer(s) will be, or shall be deemed, liable for 
any issue in connection with its content. 
 
The Issuer will publish an annual report on its website detailing the allocation of the Green Covered 
Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds and their impact until full allocation of 
the proceeds. 
 
Prior to any investment in Covered Bonds in which the net proceeds are to be used to finance 
investments included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan 
Categories, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms, investors are advised to consult the 
Framework for further information.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
WS0101.36145418.1 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED COVERED BONDS 
The following description is only applicable to Materialised French law Covered Bonds. 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will 
initially be issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Covered Bonds, which will be 
delivered on or prior to the issue date of the Tranche with a common depositary (the "Common 
Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and for Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream "). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global Certificate with a Common 
Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Covered 
Bonds equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Covered Bonds the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or 
indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a 
nominal amount of Covered Bonds that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may 
similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, or other clearing 
systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Covered Bonds will be 
exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, 
but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury 
Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation issued under the Code 
section 4701(b) containing rules substantially indentical to those currently applying under 
Code section 163(f)(2)(B)) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership for Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds. 
While any Materialised Covered Bond is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment 
payable in respect of such Materialised Covered Bond prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made only to the extent that the certification described in (ii) above has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant Paying Agent. The holder of a 
Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due thereon on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Covered Bond is improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds. In this Base 
Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds" means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds for which such Temporary Global Certificate

--- Page 97 ---
97 
WS0101.36145418.1 
may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have 
not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirement. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised 
Covered Bonds, the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, 
provided that in the event any further Materialised Covered Bonds which are to be assimilated with 
such first mentioned Materialised Covered Bonds are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 
15(a), the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after the 
expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue date of such further Materialised Covered Bonds. 
In the case of Materialised Covered Bonds with an initial maturity of more than three hundred sixty-
five (365) calendar days (and that are not relying on the C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate 
shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING 
THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287 (a) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
WS0101.36145418.1 
THE ISSUER 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will include German 
law and French law Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such 
Covered Bonds, in the following section. 
General information about the Issuer 
The Issuer was incorporated on 3 November 2000, under the name "Eurobretagne VII", as a French 
limited liability company with a board of directors (société anonyme à conseil d'administration). Its 
term of existence is ninety-nine (99) years from the date of its incorporation. From the date of its 
incorporation and until 10 October 2008 when it adopted the name "Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Covered 
Bonds" and the Programme was set up, the Issuer was a dormant entity owned by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
and did not engage in any business activity.  
Following the enactment of Law no. 2010-1249 dated 22 October 2010 on banking and financial 
regulation (the "SFH Law") and of Decree no. 2011-205 dated 23 February 2011, establishing the new 
status of "société de financement de l'habitat", and in accordance with the provisions of Article 74 of 
the SFH Law, the Issuer has opted for the regime of société de financement de l'habitat. On 28 March 
2011, the Issuer was granted the authorisation to opt for the status of société de financement de 
l'habitat by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. The name of the Issuer was changed, 
initially, on 20 April 2011 for "Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Home Loans SFH", which was the legal and 
commercial name of the Issuer. On 4 December 2014, the name of the Issuer was changed for "Arkéa 
Home Loans SFH". As a consequence, the Issuer is now governed by the SFH Legal Framework as 
described below. See section "Overview of the SFH Legal Framework and other Legal Issues". 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the SFH Legal Framework, all Covered Bonds issued at any 
time by the Issuer (including Covered Bonds issued before the adoption of the status of société de 
financement de l'habitat by the Issuer) shall qualify as obligations de financement de l'habitat. 
As a result of the entry into force on 1st January 2014 of the Ordinance no. 2013-544 dated 
27 June 2013 relating to credit institutions and financing company, the Issuer became automatically a 
specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) as from 1st January 2014.  
The Issuer is governed by the SFH Legal Framework as described in senction entitled "Overview of 
the SFH Legal Framework and other Legal Issues". 
The Issuer's exclusive corporate purpose set out in Article 2 of the Issuer's by-laws is to finance home 
loans (prêts à l'habitat) and hold financial assets which are eligible under the SFH Legal Framework. 
Despite the fact that a société de financement de l’habitat may subscribe for any units or notes (other 
than subordinated units or subordinated notes) issued by organismes de titrisation, which are French 
securitisation vehicles, or other similar foreign vehicles, the Issuer has decided to not invest in these 
units or notes. 
In order to finance such transactions, the Issuer may issue bonds called obligations de financement de 
l'habitat that benefit from the Privilège (or incur other forms of borrowings benefiting from the 
Privilège) and may also issue ordinary bonds or raise other sources of financing which do not benefit 
from the Privilège in accordance with, and subject to, the SFH Legal Framework.  
The Issuer is registered with the French Registre du commerce et des sociétés de Brest under number 
433 383 205.  
The Issuer's registered office and principal place of business is located at 1, rue Louis Lichou, 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon, France. The telephone number of the Issuer's registered office is: + 33 2 98 
00 
94 
85. 
The 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is:

--- Page 99 ---
99 
WS0101.36145418.1 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5039/fr/home-loans-sfh. The information 
on this website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, 99.9 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital is held by Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa. 
"Crédit Mutuel Arkéa" means Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, a French société anonyme coopérative de crédit 
à capital variable, duly licensed as a French credit institution (établissement de crédit), registered in 
the Registre du commerce et des sociétés of Brest under number 775 577 018 and having its registered 
office at 1 rue Louis Lichou, 29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon, France. 
According to Article L. 513-29 IV of the Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
the Issuer, as a société de financement de l'habitat, is not allowed to hold shares in other companies. 
Issuer's activities 
Issuer's activities are limited to the transactions expressly authorized by the SFH Legal Framework 
(see section "Overview of the SFH Legal Framework and other Legal Issues").  
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into the contracts describes in section 
entitled "Material Contracts". 
Limited recourse 
Each party to any Programme Document will agree: 
(a) 
not to seek recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuer contained in 
any Programme Document against any shareholder, member of the board of directors 
(conseil d’administration), chief executive officer (directeur général), vice chief executive 
officer (directeur général délégué) or agent of the Issuer, by the enforcement of any 
assessment or by any proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly 
agreed and understood that any obligation of the Issuer under any Programme Document is a 
corporate obligation of the Issuer, and that no personal liability shall attach to or be incurred 
by the shareholders, members of the board of directors (conseil d’administration), chief 
executive officers (directeurs généraux), vice chief executive officers (directeurs généraux 
délégués) or agents of the Issuer, as such, or any of them under or by reason of any of the 
obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer contained in any Programme Document or 
implied therefrom and, as a condition of and in consideration for the execution by the Issuer 
of any Programme Document, to waive any and all personal liability of every such 
shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil d’administration), chief executive 
officer (directeur général), vice chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) or agent 
of the Issuer for breaches by the Issuer of any of its obligations, covenants or agreements 
under any Programme Document; 
(b) 
to limit its recourse against the Issuer under any Programme Document to amounts payable 
or expressed to be payable to it by the Issuer in respect of its obligations and liabilities under 
any Programme Document (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to the exclusion of any damage 
for breach of contract or other penalties not expressed as being payable by the Issuer under 
any Programme Document) and in accordance with the then applicable Priority Payment 
Order; and 
(c) 
that amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its 
obligations and liabilities under any Programme Document shall be recoverable only from 
and to the extent of the amount of the Available Funds, as calculated on the relevant payment

--- Page 100 ---
100 
WS0101.36145418.1 
date (provided that, in the event that no Available Funds exist at the relevant date, the Issuer 
shall not be liable to make payment of the aforementioned amounts and provided further 
that, in the event that the Available Funds at the relevant date are insufficient to pay in full 
all amounts whatsoever due under any claim of any party under any Programme Document 
and all other claims ranking pari passu to any such claim, then the claim of such party 
against the Issuer shall be satisfied only up to a certain percentage of such Available Funds 
(as determined in accordance with the then applicable Priority Payment Order) and, after 
payment of such percentage, the obligations of the Issuer with respect to any amount owed 
on the relevant date to such party shall be discharged in full); 
(d) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in the event of safeguard (sauvegarde), 
judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to 
Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
against the Issuer, the amounts due by the Issuer from time to time under the obligations de 
financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) and any other resources or liabilities 
benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all 
other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from 
agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the 
Privilège have been paid in full, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over 
the assets and rights of the Issuer, either in principal or accrued or future interest; 
(e) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 3 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Covered Bonds and the other debt 
benefiting from the Privilège shall not become due and payable as a result of the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer; and 
(f) 
that, in accordance with Article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), neither the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, 
nor safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings 
opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) against the Issuer will result in the Covered Bonds and the other 
debts benifiting from the Privilège becoming due and payable. 
German law Covered Bonds are subject to the particular limited recourse provisions specified in the 
terms and conditions of the German law Covered Bonds a form of which is included in the Agency 
Agreement. 
Non-petition  
Each party to any Programme Document will also agree that prior to the date which is 
eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the earlier of (i) the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended 
Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of the last Series issued by the Issuer under the Programme, 
or (ii) the date of payment of any sums outstanding and owing under the latest outstanding Covered 
Bond: 
(a) 
it will not take any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the winding-up, 
dissolution or organisation or for the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative 
receiver, trustee, liquidator, examiner, sequestrator or similar officer, of the Issuer or of any 
or all of the Issuer's revenues and assets; and 
(b) 
it will not have any right to take steps for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amounts 
payable to it under any Programme Document by the Issuer and shall not until such time take

--- Page 101 ---
101 
WS0101.36145418.1 
any step to recover any debts whatsoever owing to it by the Issuer otherwise than in 
accordance with, and subject to, the Conditions. 
The above undertakings by each relevant party shall survive the termination of any Programme 
Document and the payment of all sums owing under any such Programme Document.  
German law Covered Bonds are not subject to non-petition provisions. 
No risk of Issuer consolidation upon insolvency of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa  
The Issuer is a ring-fenced, bankruptcy remote entity. Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 513-20 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the safeguard procedure, 
judicial reorganisation or liquidation (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation 
judiciaires) of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, in its capacity as shareholder of the Issuer, will not be extended to 
the Issuer. 
Restrictions on mergers or reorganisations 
The Issuer will undertake in the Conditions not to enter into any merger, re-organisation or similar 
transaction without prior Representative Consent and Rating Affirmation. 
Issuer Financial Elements 
The financial year of the Issuer runs from 1 January to 31 December. The annual and interim results of 
the Issuer shown hereafter are the non consolidated accounts. The Issuer does not produce 
consolidated financial statements. 
Prudential ratios  
The Issuer's prudential ratios are assessed at the group consolidated level and at the Issuer level. At the 
date here of, the regulatory capital of the Issuer consists in Core Tier 1 only. 
Debt securities 
As at 23 May 2023, the Issuer's debt securities (dettes représentées par un titre) amounted to 
€10,497,988,276.72. 
Issuer Share Capital, Subordinated Loans and Issuer Majority Shareholder's undertakings 
Share capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's issued share capital is €70,000,000 (seventy million 
euros) consisting of seven million (7,000,000) ordinary shares with a par value of €10 (ten euros) each 
and is fully paid up. The share capital may be increased or decreased in accordance with legal 
provisions. New shares can be issued either at par value or at a premium. 
A capital increase can only be approved by an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, on the 
basis of a report by the board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders can delegate the necessary powers to the board of 
directors (conseil d'administration) to increase the share capital on one or more occasions, to establish 
the terms of the increase, to certify that such terms have been carried out and to amend the Issuer's 
articles of association accordingly.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
WS0101.36145418.1 
A reduction in capital can be decided by an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, which may 
delegate to the board of directors (conseil d'administration) all the necessary powers to carry out such 
a reduction. 
Subordinated Loans 
At any time after the Closing Date, the Issuer may also benefit from subordinated shareholder's loans 
to be granted by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (the "Subordinated Loans").  
Each Subordinated Loan agreement will provide that all amounts to be paid by the Issuer under this 
Subordinated Loan agreement will be paid according to the relevant Priority Payment Order, as 
described in Condition 15 of the section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered 
Bonds". 
Each Subordinated Loan agreement will include Limited Recourse and Non petition provisions, as 
described in section "Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse" and "Issuer's Activities – Non-
Petition". 
No amendment, modification, alteration or supplement shall be made to the Subordinated Loan 
agreements without prior Rating Affirmation if the same materially and adversely affects the interests 
of the Issuer or the Bondholders and the consent of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution, as per the relevant provisions of the Subordinated Loan agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Subordinated Loan agreements may be amended, modified, altered or 
supplemented without prior Rating Affirmation: 
(a) 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
(b) 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to a Subordinated Loan agreement to any 
successor;  
(c) 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa under a 
Subordinated Loan agreement; or 
(d) 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations. 
The Subordinated Loan agreements shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French 
law. The Issuer and Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, as lender, have agreed to submit any dispute that may arise 
in connection with the Subordinated Loan agreements to the jurisdiction of the competent courts of 
Paris. 
Shareholder Letter of Undertaking  
As the majority shareholder of the Issuer and pursuant to a letter of undertaking (the "Shareholder 
Letter of Undertaking"), Crédit Mutuel Arkéa undertakes in favour of the Bondholders of Covered 
Bonds of all Series to be issued, represented by their respective Representative: 
(a) 
not to take or participate in any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the 
voluntary winding-up, dissolution or reorganisation of the Issuer or of any or all of the 
Issuer's revenues and assets;  
(b) 
not to take or participate in any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the 
voluntary appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, 
liquidator, examiner, sequestrator or similar officer with respect to the Issuer or of any or all 
of the Issuer's revenues and assets;

--- Page 103 ---
103 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(c) 
not to amend the constitutional documents (and in particular the articles of association) of 
the Issuer other than as expressly contemplated under the Programme Documents or without 
a prior Representative Consent and Rating Affirmation; 
(d) 
unless required by any administrative or regulatory authorities or under any applicable law or 
regulation (as the same shall have been notified by the Issuer and/or Crédit Mutuel Arkéa to 
the Rating Agencies) or unless approved by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa subject to prior Rating 
Affirmation, that Crédit Mutuel Arkéa will procure that the Issuer will at all times comply 
with its undertakings and other obligations as set forth in the banking license of the Issuer or 
in the related application form (dossier d'agrément) filed with the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution (formerly, the Comité des établissements de crédit et des 
entreprises d'investissement (CECEI)); 
(e) 
not to permit any amendments to the Programme Documents other than as expressly 
permitted or contemplated under the Programme Documents and prior Rating Affirmation; 
(f) 
not to permit that the Issuer cease to be consolidated within the tax group formed under the 
régime d'intégration fiscale provided by Articles 223 A et seq. of the French General Tax 
Code (Code général des impôts), with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa as head of that tax group and not 
to amend the tax consolidation agreement (convention d'intégration fiscale) as in force on 
the Signing Date between Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and the Issuer without prior Rating 
Affirmation;  
(g) 
not to create or permit to subsist any encumbrance over the whole or any part of the shares of 
the Issuer it owns; 
(h) 
not to sell, transfer, lease out or otherwise dispose of, by one or more transactions or series 
of transactions (whether or not related), whether voluntarily or involuntarily, the whole or 
any part of the shares of the Issuer it owns; and 
(i) 
to take any necessary steps, which are available to it as shareholder, to remain majority 
shareholder of the Issuer. 
Issuer management bodies 
The chairman and chief executive officer  
Mr. Marc Paradis, Chairman of the board of directors (Président du conseil d’administration) 
organises and supervises the work of the board of directors (conseil d'administration). It ensures the 
efficient functioning of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) which determines the Issuer's 
business strategy and monitors its implementation in accordance with French applicable corporate 
laws. 
Mr. Philippe Bauda, Chief executive officer (directeur général) and Mr Julien Le Calvez, Deputy 
chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) are vested with the broadest powers to act on 
behalf of the Issuer in all circumstances. In accordance with French applicable corporate laws, each of 
the chief executive officer (directeur général) and the vice chief executive officer (directeur général 
délégué) represents the Issuer vis-à-vis third parties.  
Board of directors (conseil d'administration) 
The board of directors (conseil d'administration) consists of a minimum of three (3) members and a 
maximum of eighteen (18) members. The term of office is three (3) years.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Members of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) consists of 6 (six) 
members.  
Name and Position 
Date of appointment 
Mr. Paradis, Marc, Chairman of the board of directors of the Issuer  
10 December 2020 
Mr. Bauda, Philippe, Chief executive officer  
4 March 2021 
Mr. Le Calvez, Julien, Deputy chief executive officer and Director 
4 March 2021 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, Director represented by Mr. Le Dro, Pierrick 
Mr. Bezard, Jérôme, Director 
7 March 2019 
13 April 2018 
Mr. Morvan, Jérémy, Director 
28 April 2010 
Mrs. Le Doucen-Dinahet, Sylvie, Director and vice chairman of the 
borad of directors of the Issuer 
09 May 2023 
Mrs. Imbert, Carole, Director 
09 May 2023 
The members of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) have their business addresses at the 
registered office of the Issuer. 
Mr. Marc Paradis, Chairman of the board of directors (Président du conseil d'administration) of the 
Issuer is also Chairman of the management board of Financo, which is a subsidiary of Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa; 
Mr. Philippe Bauda, Chief executive officer of the Issuer and representative of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa at 
the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer, is also Head of Financial Management 
Control (Directeur de la direction Pilotage Financier) of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and chief executive 
officer (directeur général) of Arkéa Public Sector SCF; 
Mr. Julien Le Calvez, Deputy chief executive officer of the Issuer, is also deputy chief executive 
officer (directeur général délégué) of Arkéa Public Sector SCF ; 
Mr. Pierrick Le Dro is also member of the board of the fédération of Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and 
chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) of a Caisse locale (the 
Caisse locale de Caudan); 
Mr. Jérôme Bezard is also Chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) 
of a Caisse locale (the Caisse locale de Caudan).  
Mrs. Sylvie Le Doucen-Dinahet is also vice chairman of the board of directors (vice-présidente du 
conseil d’administration) of Arkéa Public Sector SCF and member of the board of directors of a 
Caisse locale (the Caisse locale de Rennes-St Sauveur). 
Mrs. Carole Imbert is also member of the board of Fédéral Finance, which is a subsidiary of Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa. 
 
Rights and duties of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) 
In accordance with French applicable corporate laws and the articles of association of the Issuer, the 
board of directors (conseil d'administration) determines the scope of the Issuer's business activities.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Without prejudice to the powers expressly granted to meetings of the shareholders, and in so far as the 
articles of association permit, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) deals with all matters 
relating to the conduct of the Issuer's business, within the limit of the corporate purpose (objet social) 
of the Issuer. When dealing with third parties, the Issuer is bound by acts of the board of directors 
(conseil d'administration) which do not come within the scope of the Issuer's corporate purpose, 
unless it can prove that the third party knew that a specific action was out of that scope. 
The board of directors (conseil d'administration) shall carry out the inspections and verifications 
which it considers appropriate. The chairman of the board of directors (conseil d’administration) or 
the chief executive officer (directeur général) is required to send all the documents and information 
necessary to perform this task to each director (administrateur). 
The chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) organises and oversees 
the work of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) and reports to the shareholders' general 
meeting. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between the duties to it by the members of the board of 
directors (conseil d'administration) and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Rights and duties of the chief executive officer (directeur général) 
The general management of the Issuer shall be performed by the chief executive officer (directeur 
général). The chief executive officer (directeur général) shall have the most extensive powers to act 
on behalf of the Issuer in all circumstances, but will exercise its powers subject to those that the law 
allocates explicitly to shareholders' meetings and to the board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
With regard to the shareholders, the by-laws of the Issuer provides that some actions shall not be able 
to be taken by the board of directors (conseil d'administration), nor by the chairman (président), nor 
by any chief executive officer (directeur général) whatsoever, without the prior consent of the 
shareholders’ general meeting. Such provisions of the by-laws of the Issuer restricting the actions the 
board of directors (conseil d'administration), the chairman (président) or the chief executive officer 
(directeur général) may take are not enforceable against third parties. 
The Issuer Independent Representative  
According to the by-laws of the Issuer, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) may include 
one or several independent members (the "Issuer Independent Representative"), i.e. a member 
having no relationship with the Issuer, its shareholders or its management, which may compromise the 
independence of judgement by such member, as further described and detailed in the by-laws of the 
Issuer. On the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr. Jérémy Morvan is an Issuer Independent 
Representative. 
Issuer Statutory Auditors  
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are: 
(a) 
Deloitte & Associés, 6 place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France (as 
from 10 October 2008); and 
(b) 
Mazars, 61 rue Henri Régnault, 92075 Paris La Défense, France. 
They are regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes and duly authorised as 
Commissaires aux comptes. 
Sterenn was statutory auditor of the Issuer as from 20 October 2000 until 10 October 2008 (excluded).

--- Page 106 ---
106 
WS0101.36145418.1 
 
The financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 have been audited by the statutory auditors of the Issuer, who have issued an audit 
report for each of these financial statements. 
External Supervision and oversight of the Issuer 
The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution  
As a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) and a société de financement de 
l'habitat, the Issuer is supervised by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, an 
independent supervisory and control authority of banking and insurance activities in France, integrated 
within the framework of the Banque de France. The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution is 
notably composed of the Governor of the Banque de France and various experts chosen for their 
expertise in banking and financial matters and is responsible for monitoring observance of the laws 
and regulations applicable to credit institutions as well as the soundness of their financial position.  
The Issuer is subject to off-site monitoring and on-site inspections by the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution. Off-site monitoring by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution 
consists of the examination of the Issuer's prudential and accounting records as well as regular 
contacts with the Issuer's board of directors (conseil d'administration) and statutory auditors. The 
Issuer is required to submit to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution an annual report on 
internal control procedures and the assessment and supervision of risk procedures and bi-annual 
reports setting forth its Overcollateralisation Ratio (pursuant to its status as a société de financement 
de l'habitat). In addition, statutory auditors are required to advise the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et 
de résolution of any fact or decision that may constitute a breach of existing regulations and that is 
likely to have a significant effect on the financial situation, the profits or the asset composition of the 
Issuer or cause the statutory auditors to issue a qualified or adverse opinion. 
Through on-site inspections, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ascertains that the 
information disclosed by the Issuer accurately reflects its financial condition. The Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution may decide to make a recommendation, issue an injunction or institute 
disciplinary proceedings if it determines that the Issuer has contravened a law or regulation relating to 
its activity as a société de financement de l'habitat. 
The Specific Controllers 
The Issuer has appointed, in accordance with Article L. 513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) a Specific Controller (Contrôleur spécifique) and a Substitute 
Specific Controller (Contrôleur Spécifique Suppléant), who are selected from the official list of 
auditors and are appointed by the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer with the 
approval of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
The Specific Controller ensures that the Issuer complies with the SFH Legal Framework (in particular, 
verifying the quality and the eligibility of the assets and the Overcollateralisation Ratio). He also 
monitors the balance between the Issuer's assets and liabilities in terms of rates and maturity (cash 
flow adequacy) and notifies the board of directors (conseil d'administration), the managing director 
(directeur général) of the Issuer and the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution if he considers 
such balance to be unsatisfactory.  
The Specific Controller carries out various audits in cooperation with the Issuer's statutory auditors 
and is completely independent of the Issuer. In particular, the Specific Controller must control the 
valuation procedures of the real estate properties securing the Home Loan receivables that are granted 
as Collateral Security.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Pursuant to Artice L. 513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), in relation to Covered Bonds for which the Issuer requests the use, or benefits from, the 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)” label, the Specific Controller verifies that the provisions of 
Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended) are complied with.  
Pursuant to Article R. 513-14 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) and Article 15 of the CRBF Regulation, the Specific Controller verifies, on a yearly basis, 
the availability of all information that must be disclosed in relation to the transfer plan to be put in 
place by the credit institutions or financing companies (sociétés de financement) entrusted with the 
management or the recovery of loans, bonds or other sources of financing of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). The 
transfer plan shall be sent to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution.  
For the performance of its duties, the Specific Controller has access to all information from 
management, internal control data, and internal audit data. The Specific Controller is entitled to 
undertake, at any time, any necessary control of the Issuer that it deems appropriate and to review the 
Issuer's books and records. In addition, the Specific Controller is entitled to request information from 
third parties who have entered into transactions on behalf of the Issuer. It may request copies of 
relevant agreements and documents from any credit institution or financing company entrusted with 
the management or the recovery of loans, bonds or other sources of financing of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and 
copies of the home loan agreements, mortgage registration certificates and any other documents 
relating to the Home Loan receivables that are granted as Collateral Security it may consider relevant 
in order to carry out its duties. 
The Specific Controller certifies, on a quarterly basis, compliance with legal and regulatory standards 
concerning the Overcollateralisation Ratio in connection with the issuance program of the Issuer and 
for any issue of resources of more than €500 million which benefit from the Privilège. Additionally, 
the Specific Controller certifies that documents the Issuer sends to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de résolution meet legal and regulatory requirements. The Specific Controller submits an annual 
report on its activity to the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer, and a copy is 
forwarded to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution.  
The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution can require information relating to the activity and 
the financial situation of the Issuer from the Specific Controller. The Specific Controller is required to 
disclose to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution any decision taken by the société de 
financement de l'habitat or its parent company, which constitute a violation of legal provisions and 
affect its financial situation, the continuity of the company or the certification of accounts. The 
Specific Controller is also required to advise the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution of any 
fact or decision that could jeopardize the situation of the société de financement de l'habitat as a going 
concern. 
The Specific Controller cannot conduct any activities that could undermine its independence and take, 
receive or retain any interest in the Issuer or Crédit Mutuel Arkéa. The Specific Controller is 
prevented from providing services exceeding the scope of its control to the Issuer or to Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa  
The Specific Controller is liable for any error or negligence committed in the exercise of its functions. 
Managers may be sanctioned if the Specific Controller is not appointed, not invited to attend 
shareholders' meetings, prevented from conducting its control or not provided with useful documents 
that he has requested. 
The Specific Controller attends all meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer and, on his request, may 
be heard by the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
WS0101.36145418.1 
The Specific Controller and the Substitute Controller of the Issuer are: 
Specific Controller 
Substitute Specific Controller 
Laurent Brun (Cailliau Dedouit et Associés)  
19 rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France 
Mr. Rémi Savournin  
19 rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 109 ---
109 
WS0101.36145418.1 
OVERVIEW OF THE SFH LEGAL FRAMEWORK AND 
OTHER LEGAL ISSUES 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to the Issuer as 
société de financement de l'habitat (SFH) results from the following provisions, as they may be 
amended from time to time, and in particular as they have been amended by the entry into force of the 
decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021, the decree (décret) no. 2021-898 dated 6 
July 2021, a ministerial decree (arrêté) dated 7 July 2021, the decree (décret) no. 2022-766 dated 2 
May 2022, and the decree (décret) no. 2023-102 dated 16 February 2023 which transpose under 
French law Directive (EU) 2019/2162 dated 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and 
covered bond public supervision (the "Covered Bonds Directive") amending Directives 2009/65/EC 
and 2014/59/EU (the "SFH Legal Framework"): 
- 
Articles L. 513-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) (as they may be amended from time to time); 
- 
Articles R. 513-1-A et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) (as they may be amended from time to time);  
- 
the Regulation (réglement) no. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999 issued by the CRBF Regulation 
applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat (as it may be amended from time to time); 
- 
various Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution's instructions applicable to sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat. 
The main provisions of the SFH Legal Framework as of the date of this Base Prospectus are 
summarized below. The SFH Legal Framework applicable to the Issuer may be amended from time to 
time after the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Exclusive legal purpose 
In accordance with the current SFH Legal Framework, sociétés de financement de l'habitat (SFH) may 
only grant or finance home loans (prêts à l'habitat) and hold securities, exposures and deposits that 
comply with legal eligibility criteria and, in order to finance these assets, to issue obligations de 
financement de l'habitat (or incur other forms of borrowings benefiting from the Privilège) and issue 
ordinary bonds or raise other sources of financing which do not benefit from the Privilège, including 
mortgage promissory notes (billets à ordre hypothécaires).  
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat may carry out temporary transfers of securities, pledge a securities 
account and pledge or transfer all or part of the receivables held by them in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). The 
receivables or securities thus transferred or pledged are not included in the cover pool (assiette du 
Privilège) defined in Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) and are not taken into account for the calculation of the Overcollateralisation Ratio. 
In order to hedge their interest and currency risks on loans, exposures, obligations de financement de 
l'habitat and other sources of financing benefiting from the Privilège, or to manage or hedge the global 
risk on their assets, liabilities and off balance sheet exposures, sociétés de financement de l'habitat 
may use forward financial instruments that must comply with the provisions of Article R. 513-6-1 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) notably in respect of the credit 
rating of the hedging counterparty. Pursuant to Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), any amounts due by the Issuer pursuant to these 
forward financial instruments, after applicable netting, benefit from the Privilège.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
WS0101.36145418.1 
A société de financement de l'habitat is not allowed to hold equity participations or other forms of 
equity interest issued by other companies. 
In addition:  
- 
in accordance with Article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the provisions of Article L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce) (nullités facultatives de la période suspecte) are not applicable to contracts 
concluded by a société de financement de l'habitat, or to legal transactions made by or in favour 
of société de financement de l'habitat, as far as such contracts or transactions are directly related 
to the transactions referred to in Articles L. 513-28 to L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
- 
in accordance with Article L. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the bankruptcy proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement 
ou de liquidation judiciaires) of a shareholder of a société de financement de l'habitat cannot be 
extended to the société de financement de l'habitat itself; 
- 
any service/loan agreement pursuant to which a société de financement de l'habitat has 
delegated to another credit institution or financing company (société de financement) the 
management or the recovery of loans, exposures, assimilated receivables, securities, 
instruments, bonds or other sources of financing may be immediately terminated upon the 
opening of bankruptcy proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de 
liquidation judiciaires) affecting that credit institution or financing company (société de 
financement);  
- 
in accordance with Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Livre VI 
of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)), all cash flows generated by the assets of 
the Issuer are allocated as a matter of absolute priority to servicing liabilities of the Issuer which 
benefit from the Privilège as they fall due, in preference to all other claims, whether or not 
secured or statutorily preferred and, until payment in full of the liabilities of the Issuer which 
benefit from the Privilège, no other creditors may take any action against the assets of the 
Issuer; 
- 
in accordance with Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), in case of safeguard, judicial reorganization or judicial liquidation 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement judiciaire ou de liquidation judiciaire), 
against the Issuer, or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) against the Issuer, the amounts due 
by the Issuer from time to time under the obligations de financement de l'habitat (including the 
Covered Bonds) and any other resources or liabilities benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid 
on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred 
or secured, including interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, 
until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been paid in full, no other creditor of the 
Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer, either in principal or 
accrued or future interest;  
- 
in accordance with Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) against the Issuer will, give rise to the right for 
the Bondholders to declare the Covered Bonds immediately due and payable;

--- Page 111 ---
111 
WS0101.36145418.1 
- 
in case of bankruptcy proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation 
judiciaires) of a société de financement de l'habitat, the Specific Controller will be responsible 
for filing claims on behalf of creditors benefiting from the Privilège; and 
- 
pursuant to Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), notwithstanding any legal or contractual provision to the contrary, no termination, 
suspension, set-off or amendment of an ongoing forward financial instrument entered into by 
the Issuer can result solely from safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, or 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) against the Issuer. 
Eligible assets 
Pursuant to the SFH Legal Framework, the eligible assets of a société de financement de l'habitat 
(SFH) comprise, inter alia: 
(i) 
home loans (prêts à l'habitat) which are secured by a first-ranking mortgage or other real 
estate security interests that are equivalent to a first-ranking mortgage (within the meaning of 
Article L. 513-3 I, 1. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), or that are guaranteed by a credit institution, a financing company (société de 
financement), or an insurance company, qualifying for the credit quality step 2 (deuxième 
échelon de qualité de crédit) or above given by an external rating agency recognised by the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution as provided in Article L. 511-44 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). The property must be 
located in France or in any other Member State of the European Union or the EEA or in a 
State that qualifies for the credit quality step 1 (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) given 
by an external rating agency recognised by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution as provided in Article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier);  
(ii) 
loans granted to any credit institutions which are secured by the remittance, the transfer or 
the pledge of the receivables arising from the home loans referred to in (i) above pursuant to 
the provisions of Articles L. 211-38 to L. 211-40 or Articles L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), provided that the 
provisions of Article L. 513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier) are complied with; 
(iii) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) governed by Articles L. 313-42 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and which represent receivables 
arising from the home loans referred to in (i) above, provided that the provisions of Article 
L. 513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) are 
complied with. 
In the case of the Issuer, the eligible assets are comprised of the Borrower Advances which are loans 
referred to in (ii) above granted by the Issuer to the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of the 
Borrower Facility Agreement and that are fully secured by eligible Home Loan receivables either 
governed by French law or by Belgian law granted by the Collateral Providers, including the 
Borrower, as Collateral Security pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 211-36 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and the provisions of the Collateral 
Security Agreement.  
While the Issuer does not intend to acquire eligible assets which are promissory notes referred to in 
(iii) above, it is not precluded from holding any such assets and reserves the right to acquire such

--- Page 112 ---
112 
WS0101.36145418.1 
assets in the future as well as any other type of assets that may become eligible to sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat in the future.  
Pursuant to Article R. 513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), sociétés de financement de l'habitat must keep the record of all loans made available by it 
or acquired by it. This record must specify the type and value of the security and guarantees attached 
to such loans and the type and amount of the liabilities benefiting from the Privilège.  
In accordance with Article L. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the sociétés de financement de l'habitat are not allowed to make any other investments, 
except investments in securities, instruments (or exposures) or deposits within the conditions and 
limits set out in Articles R. 513-6 and R. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) (the “Legal Substitution Assets”). 
Pursuant to Article 12 of the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer shall dispose of a system for measuring 
overall interest rate risks under the conditions set forth in Articles 134 to 139 of the Arrêté dated 3 
November 2014 relating to the internal control of credit institutions.  
Pursuant to Article 12 ter of the CRBF Regulation, the level of rate matching between the assets and 
the liabilities of the Issuer shall be verified by the Specific Controller. The Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution will define the rules on inclusion and valuation of the forward financial 
instruments. 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must publish and send to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution certain quarterly annual information on their assets and liabilities the detail, content and 
form of which are set forth in the CRBF Regulation and the relevant Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et 
de résolution instructions (as they may be amended from time to time, in particular as they will be 
amended by the entry into force of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 
which transposes under French law the Covered Bonds Directive).  
Financing portion (quotité de financement) 
Pursuant to Article R. 513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
to which Article R. 513-19 of the same code expressly refers, a société de financement de l'habitat 
may only finance the home loans through issuance of obligations de financement de l'habitat or other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège up to the lowest of the following amounts:  
- 
the principal outstanding amount of the home loan;  
- 
the product of (i) the value of the financed real estate by guaranteed home loans or of the 
charged residential real estate for mortgage home loan and (ii) the applicable "financing 
portion" (quotité de financement) referred to in Article R. 513-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (which in respect of certain home loans is 
80%). 
The Privilège (Statutory Priority in Right of Payment) 
Obligations de financement de l'habitat are specialized covered bonds products that can only be issued 
by specialised credit institutions licensed and regulated in France as sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat. Obligations de financement de l'habitat benefit from the legal Privilège under French law 
which provides a priority in right of payment over all the assets and revenues of the société de 
financement de l'habitat to the holders of obligations de financement de l'habitat and other privileged 
debt.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
WS0101.36145418.1 
The right of payment in principal and interest under the Covered Bonds benefits from the privilège 
(statutory priority in right of payment) created by Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (the "Privilège"), and pursuant to which, 
notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Livre VI of the French Commercial 
Code (Code de commerce) on insolvency proceedings): 
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans or assimilated receivables, exposures 
and securities referred to in Articles L. 513-3 to L. 513-7 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), including, any mortgage, charge, lien or other 
guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and forward financial instruments referred to in 
Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
in each case after any applicable set-off, together with the claims in respect of deposits made 
by the Issuer with credit institutions, shall be allocated in priority to the payment of any sums 
due in respect of obligations de financement de l'habitat (such as the Covered Bonds) and 
any other resources raised by the Issuer and benefiting from the Privilège; 
(ii) 
in case of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganization (redressement judiciaire) or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, or resolution 
proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) against the Issuer, the amounts due by the Issuer from 
time to time under the obligations de financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) 
or any other resources or liabilities benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their 
contractual due date, and in priority to all other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or 
secured, including interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, 
until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been paid in full, no other creditor of the 
Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer, either in principal or 
accrued or future interests; and 
(iii) 
neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings 
opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) against the Issuer will result in the obligations de financement de 
l'habitat (such as the Covered Bonds) and the other debts benefiting from the Privilège 
becoming due and payable. 
With respect to the Issuer, the liabilities benefiting from the Privilège comprise the hedging costs (if 
any), amounts due under the Covered Bonds, the hedging subordinated termination costs (if any), and 
certain amounts of fees and expenses due to the Administrator under the Administrative Agreement. 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation ratio 
Pursuant to Articles L. 513-12 and R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), a société de financement de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover ratio 
(ratio de couverture) between its eligible assets (including claims for payment attached to forward 
financial instruments benefiting from the Privilège as well as any collateral received in relation to such 
forward 
financial 
instrument) 
and 
its 
liabilities 
benefiting 
from 
the 
Privilège 
(the 
"Overcollateralisation Ratio"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, this minimum over 
collateralization ratio provided in the SFH Legal Framework is of at least one hundred and five per 
cent (105%) (the "Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio"). For that purpose, pursuant to 
Article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), when the 
assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to Articles L. 211-38 to L. 211-40, L. 
313-23 to L. 313-35 and L. 313-42 to L. 313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the société de financement de l'habitat must take into account the assets 
received as collateral rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the Issuer, the Collateral 
Security Assets. In addition, for the calculation of this ratio, sociétés de financement de l'habitat shall

--- Page 114 ---
114 
WS0101.36145418.1 
take into account, under the conditions and within the limits defined by order of the Ministre de 
l'économie, exposures on companies belonging to the same consolidated group within the meaning of 
Article L. 233-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). Unsecured receivables 
deemed to be in default within the meaning of Article 178 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 
June 2013 (as amended) may not contribute to the calculation of the cover ratio. Moreover, assets that 
contribute to compliance with the cover ratio above the level of 100% are not subject to the limits 
applicable to exposures on credit institutions (établissements de crédit) defined in Article R. 513-6 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and are not taken into account 
for the purposes of calculating these limits. 
Article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and 
Articles 8 and 9 of the CRBF Regulation define the way the Overcollateralisation Ratio is calculated.  
The Specific Controller certifies that the Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio is complied with 
every quarter and in case of issue of Covered Bonds which equals or exceeds Euro 500,000,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency. 
Pursuant to Article 10 of the CRBF Regulation, Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must declare their 
Overcollateralisation Ratio on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year. 
Liquidity needs coverage  
Pursuant to Articles L. 513-8 and R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), sociétés de financement de l'habitat must ensure, at all times, the coverage of 
their cash requirements for the next one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days by eligible liquid 
assets listed in Article R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), taking into account expected flows in principal and interests under their assets and net 
flows relating to forward financial instruments set forth in Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (the "Legal Liquidity Reserve"). For that purpose, 
when the assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to Articles L. 211-36 to L. 
211-40, L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 and L. 313-42 to L. 313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), which are not, liquid assets or short term exposures to credit 
institutions, the société de financement de l'habitat must take into account the assets received as 
collateral rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the Issuer, the Collateral Security 
Assets. In case of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds for which the Final Maturity Date may be extended, the 
calculation of the expected flows in principal may be made on the basis of the Extended Final 
Maturity Date in accordance with the contractual terms of the Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the CRBF Regulation, sociétés de financement de l’habitat must ensure that the average 
life of the eligible assets held by them, up to the minimum amount required to comply with the cover 
ratio referred to in Article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), does not exceed more than 18 months the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège. For that purpose, when the assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant 
to Articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40, L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 and L. 313-42 to L. 313-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), which are not securities, exposures or 
deposits that are sufficiently secure and liquid as defined in Article L. 513-7 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the société de financement de l'habitat must take 
into account the assets received as collateral rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the 
Issuer, the Collateral Security Assets. With respect to the Issuer, this requirement is taken into account 
in the Collateral Security Agreement and for each issuance of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Subscription by the société de financement de l'habitat of its own obligations de financement de 
l'habitat as eligible collateral with the Banque de France 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), a société de financement de l'habitat may subscribe to its own obligations de financement 
de l'habitat for the sole purpose of granting them as eligible collateral with the Banque de France in 
accordance with the rules of the Eurosystem, provided that the liquidity needs of the société de 
financement de l'habitat cannot be funded otherwise. Such recognition as eligible collateral will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central 
Bank. The obligations de financement de l'habitat thus subscribed by the société de financement de 
l'habitat must meet the following conditions: 
- 
their outstanding principal amount does not exceed ten per cent. (10%) of the outstanding 
principal amount of any liabilities of the société de financement de l'habitat benefiting from the 
Privilège on the subscription date of the obligations de financement de l'habitat by the société 
de financement de l'habitat; 
- 
they are deprived of the rights provided for under Articles L. 228-46 to L. 228-89 of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) for so long as they are held by the société de 
financement de l'habitat; 
- 
they are granted as collateral to the French central bank (Banque de France) or they are 
cancelled within the eight (8) calendar days from their settlement date or from the date they are 
no more granted as collateral, as applicable; and 
- 
they cannot be subscribed by a third party. 
The Specific Controller certifies these conditions are met in a report delivered to the Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
 
The regulatory capital framework published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in 2006, 
or the "Basel II framework" has not been fully implemented in all participating countries. The 
implementation of the framework in relevant jurisdictions may affect the risk-weighting of the 
Covered Bonds for investors who are or may become subject to capital adequacy requirements that 
follow the framework. 
 
The Basel Committee has subsequently approved significant changes and extensions to the Basel II 
framework (such changes and extensions being commonly referred to as "Basel III"), including new 
capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum 
liquidity standards for credit institutions. In particular, the changes refer to, amongst other things, new 
requirements for the capital base (including an increase in the minimum Tier 1 capital requirement), 
measures to strengthen the capital requirements for counterparty credit exposures arising from certain 
transactions and the introduction of a leverage ratio as well as short-term and longer-term standards 
for funding liquidity (the latter being referred to as the "Liquidity Coverage Ratio" and the "Net 
Stable Funding Ratio", respectively). The framework of the Basel Committee for Banking 
Supervision has been implemented under EU legislation through the "CRD IV package" which 
consists of the Capital Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU dated 26 June 2013 ("CRD IV") and the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 ("CRR") known as the 
"CRD IV-Package" which entered into force in the EU on 1 January 2014. The implementation of the 
CRD IV package was finalized under French law by ordonnance no. 2014-158 dated 20 February 2014 
at the legislative level and several décrets and arrêtés dated 3 November 2014.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
WS0101.36145418.1 
The European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted the Directive no. 
2019/878/EU dated 20 May 2019 amending the CRD IV (the "CRD IV Revision" and together with 
the CRD IV, the "CRD V") and the Regulation (EU) No 2019/876 dated 20 May 2019 amending the 
CRR (the "CRR Revision" and together with the CRR, the "CRR V" and together with the CRD V, 
the "CRD V package"), which, inter alia, simplified the Net Stable Funding Ratio. The CRR V and 
CRD V entered into force on 27 June 2019. 
 
The CRD IV Revision was implemented under French law by the Ordonnance no. 2020-1635 portant 
diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière 
financière dated 21 December 2020 and the Décret no. 2020-1637 portant diverses dispositions 
d'adaptation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière et relatif aux sociétés de 
financement dated 22 December 2020. Certain portions of the CRR Revision are already applicable 
(including those applicable to the new requirements for own funds and eligibile liabilities) while 
others shall apply as from 28 June 2021, 1st January 2023 or 28 January 2023. The changes under 
CRR V, CRD V and Basel III may have an impact on the capital requirements in respect of the 
Covered Bonds and/or on incentives to hold the Covered Bonds for investors that are subject to 
requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, may affect the liquidity and/or value 
of the Covered Bonds. 
Extendable maturity structure 
Prior to the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 and the decree (décret) no. 
2021-898 dated 6 July 2021, the practice of issuing obligations de financement de l’habitat with 
extendable maturity structures has developed among sociétés de financement de l'habitat.  
Such practice is now enshrined by decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021, the 
decree (décret) no. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021, the decree (décret) no. 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022  
and the decree (décret) no. 2023-102 dated 16 February 2023. 
In accordance with Article L. 513-30 and Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), a société de financement de l’habitat may issue obligations de 
financement de l’habitat with extendable maturity structures, provided that: 
(i) 
the relevant maturity extension trigger(s) is(are) defined in Article R. 513-8-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(ii) 
the contractual terms and conditions of such obligations de financement de l’habitat specify 
the relevant maturity extension triggers; 
(iii) 
the final maturity date of such obligations de financement de l’habitat is at all times 
determinable ; and 
(iv) 
in the event the société de financement de l’habitat is subject to safeguard proceedings 
(procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to 
Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the maturity extensions do not 
affect the ranking of the investors in such obligations de financement de l’habitat or invert 
the sequencing of the original maturity schedule of such obligations de financement de 
l’habitat. 
With respect to the Issuer, the maturity of the Covered Bonds of a given Series may be extended in 
accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of Condition 7(a) (Final Redemption).

--- Page 117 ---
117 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Labelling 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-26-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), a société de financement de l'habitat may use: 
(i) 
the “European Covered Bond” label for issuances of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
or other resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with the SFH 
Legal Framework; and 
(ii) 
the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label for issuances of obligations de financement 
de l'habitat or other resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with 
the SFH Legal Framework and the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended). 
If a société de financement de l’habitat either (i) requests the use of, or (ii) benefits from, the 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)” label, in accordance with Article L. 513-32 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) the Specific Controller verifies that the 
provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013, (as amended) are 
complied with. 
Pursuant to Article 16 of the CRBF Regulation, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution is 
responsible for the granting and supervision of both “European Covered Bond” and “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)” labels. The conditions and procedures for granting and monitoring these 
labels are detailed in Instruction no 2022-I-05 issued by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution on 9 March 2022. In particular, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution 
publishes the list of obligations de financement de l’habitat that are entitled to use the “European 
Covered Bond” label and the list of obligations de financement de l’habitat that are entitled to use the 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)” label. Subject to the aforementioned verification of the Specific 
Controller and approval and supervision of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, the 
Issuer intends to issue Covered Bonds that are entitled to use the “European Covered Bonds 
(Premium)” label.  
On 22 July 2022, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution confirmed in writing, based on 
the information provided by the Issuer, that the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme can 
benefit at this stage from the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
WS0101.36145418.1 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main contracts entered into by the Issuer are as follows: 
(i) 
the Convention d'Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de Moyens dated 24 October 2008 
(as it may be amended from time to time) pursuant to which the Issuer has delegated to 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa its compliance control, ongoing internal control and periodic internal 
control, risks control and other operational services;  
(ii) 
the "Administrative Agreement" dated 5 December 2008 (as it may be amended from time 
to time) (the "Signing Date") and entered into between Arkéa Home Loans SFH, as Issuer 
and Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, as Administrator (the "Administrator") pursuant to which the 
Administrator was appointed to, inter alia, (i) render administrative services to the Issuer 
(including all necessary advice, assistance and know-how, whether technical or not, day to 
day management and corporate administration services), (ii) act on behalf of the Issuer in 
connection with the exercise of each of its rights and performance of each of its obligations 
under the Programme Documents, (iii) until no Borrower Event of Default has occurred, 
perform the management and servicing of the Borrower Advances made available to the 
Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement, (iv) upon enforcement of the Collateral 
Security following the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and upon the Issuer taking 
title to the Collateral Security Assets, perform the servicing of such assets or if the servicing 
of such assets is transferred to a substitute servicer procure that the servicing of such assets 
shall be performed by such substitute servicer pursuant to a servicing agreement to be 
entered into by the Issuer and such substitute servicer in accordance with Article L. 513-15 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and (v) perform 
the management and servicing of the Covered Bonds and of the other ressources of the Issuer 
mentioned in Article L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier) and (vi) assist the Issuer in opening and operating its bank accounts and in the 
management and investment of its available cash in the Permitted Investments (as defined in 
section "Asset Monitoring " of this Base Prospectus); 
(iii) 
the multicurrency term facility agreement (the "Borrower Facility Agreement") governed 
by French law dated the Signing Date (as it may be amended from time to time) and entered 
into between the Issuer, as lender (in such capacity, the "Lender") and Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, 
as borrower (in such capacity, the "Borrower") pursuant to which the Lender shall use the 
proceeds from the issuance of the Covered Bonds under the Programme (including Green 
Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds and Sustainability Covered Bonds) to fund advances 
(each, a "Borrower Advance") in an aggregate maximum amount equal to €13,000,000,000 
(the "Borrower Facility Commitment"), it being specified that notably: 
(a) 
terms and conditions regarding the calculation and the payment of principal and 
interest under a Borrower Advance shall mirror the equivalent terms and conditions 
of the corresponding Final Terms of Covered Bonds, save for the margin and 
extension of maturity, as applicable, if such Borrower Advance is funded by a 
Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds;  
(b) 
each of the following events constitutes the occurrence of an event of default under 
the Borrower Facility Agreement (each a "Borrower Event of Default"): 
- 
the Borrower fails to pay any sum due under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement when due, in the currency and in the manner specified 
therein; provided, however, that where such non-payment is due to an 
administrative error or the failure of continuing external payment systems 
or clearing systems reasonably used by the Borrower and such payment is

--- Page 119 ---
119 
WS0101.36145418.1 
made by the Borrower within three (3) Business Days of such non-
payment, such non-payment shall not constitute a Borrower Event of 
Default; 
- 
a Breach of Asset Cover Test occurs; 
- 
a Breach of Pre-Maturity Test occurs;  
- 
a Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement occurs; 
- 
any material representation or warranty made by the Borrower, in the 
Borrower Facility Agreement or in any notice or other document, 
certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant thereto or in connection 
therewith is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any 
material respect when made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of 
remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the Administrator or the 
Issuer has given notice thereof to the Borrower or (if sooner) the 
Borrower has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its 
discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of 
the relevant Covered Bonds; 
- 
the Borrower fails to comply with any of its material obligations under 
the Borrower Facility Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy 
and is remedied within sixty (60) Business Days after the Administrator 
or the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Borrower or (if sooner) the 
Borrower has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its 
discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of 
the relevant Covered Bonds;  
- 
any Collateral Provider(s) fail to comply with any of its/their material 
obligations under the Programme Documents unless such breach is 
capable of remedy and is remedied (within sixty (60) Business Days after 
the earlier of (i) the date on which the Administrator or the Issuer has 
given notice thereof to the Borrower and the Collateral Security Agent or 
(ii) the date on which the Borrower or the Collateral Security Agent has 
knowledge of the same) and provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, 
certifies that it is prejudicial to the interest of the holders of the relevant 
Covered Bonds and the Issuer; 
- 
as regards the Borrower, an Insolvency Event occurs; 
- 
any effect, event or matter (regardless of its nature, cause or origin and in 
particular the commencement of any legal, administrative or other 
proceedings against the Borrower) occurs which is or could be reasonably 
expected to be materially adverse to (i) the financial or legal situation, 
assets, business or operations of the Borrower and (ii) the ability of the 
Borrower to perform its payment obligations or the financial covenants 
under any of the Programme Documents; 
- 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Borrower to perform or 
comply with any or all of its material obligations under the Borrower 
Facility Agreement or any of the material obligations of the Borrower 
under the Borrower Facility Agreement are not or cease to be legal, valid 
and binding; or

--- Page 120 ---
120 
WS0101.36145418.1 
- 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for any of the Collateral Providers 
to perform or comply with any or all of their respective material 
obligations under the Collateral Security Agreement or any of the 
material obligations of any of the Collateral Providers under the 
Collateral Security Agreement are not or cease to be legal, valid and 
binding; 
(c) 
upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer (represented by the 
Administrator or the Issuer Independent Representative) shall, by written notice 
(such notice to constitute a mise en demeure) to the Borrower (with copy to (i) the 
Collateral Security Agent, (ii) the Issuer Independent Representative (if the 
Borrower Enforcement Notice is delivered by the Administrator), (iii) the 
Administrator (if the Borrower Enforcement Notice is delivered by the Issuer 
Independent Representative) and (iv) (in each instance) the Rating Agencies), (x) 
declare that (i) no further Borrower Advances shall be made available under the 
Borrower Facility Agreement, and (ii) the then outstanding Borrower Advances are 
immediately due and payable and (y) enforce the rights of the Lender under the 
Collateral Security Agreement and the Cash Collateral Agreement for the 
repayment of any sum due by the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement 
and not paid by the Borrower (whether at its contractual due date or upon 
acceleration) (a "Borrower Enforcement Notice"); 
For the purpose hereof, an "Insolvency Event means, with respect to any entity, the 
occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
the relevant entity is, or is deemed or declared for the purposes of any law to be, 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due or to be insolvent, is en état de cessation des 
paiements, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they fall due; 
(b) 
the relevant entity by reason of financial difficulties, begins formal negotiations with 
one (1) or more of its creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling 
of any of its indebtedness or applies for or is subject to an amicable settlement other 
than a procédure de conciliation or the appointment of a mandataire ad hoc pursuant 
to new Article L. 611-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce); 
(c) 
a meeting of the shareholders of the relevant entity is convened for the purpose of 
considering any resolution for (or to petition for) its winding-up or its administration 
or any such resolution is passed; 
(d) 
any person presents a petition for the winding-up or for the administration or for the 
bankruptcy of the relevant entity and the petition is not discharged within thirty (30) 
calendar days; 
(e) 
any order for the winding-up or administration of the relevant entity is issued; 
(f) 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire), the safeguard 
procedure of the relevant entity (procédure de sauvegarde), the rescheduling of the 
debt of the relevant entity (redressement judiciaire) or the transfer of the whole or part 
of the business of the relevant entity (cession de l'entreprise) pursuant to Articles 
L. 620-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) or the 
accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or, to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or makes 
any conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or 
enters into a composition with its creditors; or

--- Page 121 ---
121 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(g) 
any liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator 
or the like (including, without limitation, any "mandataire ad hoc", "administrateur 
judiciaire", "administrateur provisoire", "conciliateur" or "mandataire liquidateur") is 
appointed in respect of the relevant entity or any substantial or material part of the 
assets or the directors of the relevant entity request such appointment; it being 
understood that the appointment of an ad hoc representative (mandataire ad hoc) or 
entering into a conciliation procedure (procédure de conciliation) or being subject to 
such application with its principal creditors will not constitute an event of default 
pursuant to new Article L. 611-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce). Pursuant to such new Article L. 611-16 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce), any contractual provision to the contrary shall be null and void; 
(iv) 
the agreement governed by French law dated on the Signing Date (as it may be amended 
from time to time) and entered into between (i) the Issuer, in its capacity as Lender, (ii) 
collateral providers belonging to the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group (including French entities 
controlled by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa acting through Belgian subsidiaries (succursales)) and 
complying with other cumulative eligibility criteria (the "Collateral Providers") (as 
amended from time to time) and (iii) Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, in its respective capacity as 
Borrower, Collateral Provider, Collateral Security Agent, Administrator and Issuer 
Calculation Agent (the "Collateral Security Agreement") pursuant to which the Collateral 
Providers, represented by the Collateral Security Agent, shall grant eligible Home Loan 
receivables either governed by French law or by Belgian law (the "Eligible Assets") as 
collateral security (remise en garantie financière à titre de sûreté) pursuant to Articles L. 
211-36 to L. 211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) (the "Collateral Security") in order to secure, as they become due and payable, 
the payments of all and any amounts (whether in principal, interest, fees, indemnities or 
guarantees) owed by the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement, whether present 
or future (the "Secured Liabilities"), it being specified that: 
(a) 
"Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group" means Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, the Crédit Mutuel 
Entities and any Other Entity;  
(b) 
"Crédit Mutuel Entity" means any Caisse de Crédit Mutuel (within the meaning 
of Articles L. 512-55 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier)) which is affiliated to the Fédération de Crédit Mutuel de 
Bretagne or the Fédération de Crédit Mutuel du Sud-Ouest; 
(c) 
"Other Entity" means any Collateral Provider controlled by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce) (including French entities controlled by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa acting 
through Belgian subsidiaries (succursales)) and which is not a Crédit Mutuel 
Entity ; 
(d) 
Eligible Assets shall be validly granted as Collateral Security and shall qualify as 
"Collateral Security Assets" for the purposes of the Collateral Security 
Agreement only upon satisfaction of numerous conditions precedents, including in 
particular that the same shall have been duly identified in accordance with certain 
identification requirements; an "Eligible Asset" meaning, in relation to Collateral 
Security granted by any and all Collateral Providers, any Home Loan receivable 
either governed by French law or by Belgian law, that complies, or whose 
underlying Home Loan complies (each, a "relevant Home Loan"), with the 
requirements of the SFH Legal Framework and some additional contractual 
eligibility criteria which may be amended from time to time subject to prior Rating 
Affirmation (the "Home Loan Eligibility Criteria") (for the avoidance of doubt, 
Home Loan Receivables governed by Belgian law may be Eligible Assets under

--- Page 122 ---
122 
WS0101.36145418.1 
the provisions of this Agreement but they are not, on the date of signature of this 
Base Prospectus, granted by the Collateral Providers).  
For the purpose hereof: 
"Home Loan" means each and any loan financing the acquisition of residential real 
estate property originated by any Collateral Provider. 
(e) 
upon the service by the Issuer (represented by the Issuer Independent 
Representative or by the Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower 
Enforcement Notice subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the 
Borrower Facility Agreement following the occurrence of a Borrower Event of 
Default, the Issuer (represented by the Issuer Independent Representative or by the 
Administrator) shall be entitled to exercise any and all rights, actions and privileges 
with respect to the Collateral Security Assets. In particular, with immediate effect 
as from the service to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement Notice in respect 
of the Collateral Security Assets: 
- 
the Collateral Providers shall no longer be entitled to service the 
Collateral Security Assets; 
- 
the Issuer shall be vested in all the rights of title, all discretions, benefits 
and all other rights of the Collateral Providers with respect to the 
Collateral Security Assets and related documents, including, without any 
formality whatsoever, all rights of title, all discretions, benefits and all 
other rights in relation to any right, privilege, guarantee or security 
interest (droit accessoire, privilège, garantie ou sûreté) ancillary or, as 
the case may be, attached to the Collateral Security Assets (and, in 
particular, any and all relevant Home Loan Security ("Home Loan 
Security" means a Mortgage or a Home Loan Guarantee) whatever the 
value of Collateral Security Assets at the time of enforcement but subject 
to the repayment claim (créance de restitution) of the Collateral 
Providers against the Issuer once full satisfaction of the Secured 
Liabilities; and  
- 
insofar as the delivery of a Borrower Enforcement Notice involves the 
full and definitive transfer of ownership of the Collateral Security Assets 
to the benefit of the Issuer, the Issuer (represented by the Issuer 
Independent Representative or by the Administrator or any of its 
representative, agent or expert acting on its behalf) may dispose of, 
transfer, sell or cause to be sold, any or all the Collateral Security Assets 
to any third party or refinance the same (by way of securitisation or 
otherwise) and the Administrator shall perform the servicing of such 
assets, unless the servicing of such assets is transferred to a substitute 
servicer (for the avoidance of doubt, since the Collateral Security consists 
in the transfer by way of security of the Collateral Security Assets to the 
benefit of the Issuer, the Issuer may, as long as the Collateral Security is 
not enforced, dispose of, transfer, sell or cause to be sold, any or all the 
Collateral Security Assets, provided that the Collateral Security Assets 
shall be restituted by the Issuer to the Borrower, and to the Collateral 
Providers, as soon as the Secured Liabilities are repaid in full), 
For the purposes hereof:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
WS0101.36145418.1 
"Home Loan Guarantee" means (i) each and any French law joint and several 
guarantee or other type of French law guarantee granted by Crédit Logement, by 
L'Equité, by CNP Caution or by AXA France IARD or, (ii) subject to Rating 
Affirmation, a credit institution or a financing company (société de financement) of 
the EEA specialised in the guaranteeing of loans financing the acquisition of 
residential real estate property and guaranteeing the Home Loans; or (iii), subject 
to Rating Affirmation, each and any financial guarantee or other type of guarantee 
provided by insurance companies or mutual insurance companies and guaranteeing 
the Home Loans, 
"Mortgage" means each French law duly registered first ranking mortgage (and in 
particular, any hypothèque) or similar first ranking legal privilege (and in 
particular, any privilège de prêteur de deniers) securing the repayment of any 
given Home Loan, or any French law second ranking mortgage securing the 
repayment of any given Home Loan if the relevant first ranking mortgage is 
granted to secure the repayment of a Home Loan which receivable is granted as 
Collateral Security;  
(v) 
the agreement governed by French law dated on the Signing Date (as it may be amended 
from time to time) entered into between (i) the Issuer in its capacity as Lender, and (ii) 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa in its capacity as Cash Collateral Provider (the "Cash Collateral 
Provider"), Administrator and Issuer Calculation Agent (the "Cash Collateral 
Agreement") pursuant to which the Cash Collateral Provider shall fund certain amounts as 
cash collateral (gage espèces) (each, a "Cash Collateral") as security to the Secured 
Liabilities and in particular: 
(a) 
the Cash Collateral Provider shall fund the Cash Collateral Account (the "Cash 
Collateral Account") up to an amount determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement to meet certain liquidity tests as 
described in the sections entitled "Overview of the SFH Legal Framework and 
other Legal Issues - Liquidity needs coverage" and "Asset Monitoring - Pre-
Maturity Test"; and 
(b) 
upon downgrading of the credit rating of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa below the following 
ratings:  
- 
Baa2 (long-term) by Moody's; or 
- 
F2 (short-term) and BBB (long-term) by Fitch,  
(each, a "Collection Loss Trigger Event") and within fourteen (14) calendar day 
from the occurrence of such Collection Loss Trigger Event, the Cash Collateral 
Provider shall be required:  
- 
to pay, to the credit of the Collection Loss Reserve Account (to be 
opened by the Administrator in the name of the Issuer and within the 
books of the Issuer Accounts Bank (the "Collection Loss Reserve 
Account")), an amount equal to the collections received by the Collateral 
Providers under the Home Loan Receivables granted as Collateral 
Security during the two (2) calendar months preceding the date of the 
occurrence of the Collection Loss Trigger Event, as such occurrence shall 
be reported to the Issuer, the Administrator and the Issuer Calculation 
Agent (with a copy to the Rating Agencies) within the above-mentioned 
fourteen (14) calendar day-period; and

--- Page 124 ---
124 
WS0101.36145418.1 
- 
further, to adjust, on each Selection Date, the amount standing to the 
credit of this Collection Loss Reserve Account so that it is an amount 
equal to the sum of collections received by the Collateral Providers under 
the Home Loans granted as Collateral Security during the preceding two 
(2) calendar months preceding the last Business Day of the calendar 
month immediately preceding such Selection Date, and any such 
adjustment shall be reported to the Issuer, the Administrative Agent and 
the Calculation Agent (with a copy to the Rating Agencies), 
it being provided that failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund the Collection 
Loss Reserve Account up to the required amount within the required period 
following the occurrence date of the Collection Loss Trigger Event shall constitute 
a "Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement" and that a Breach 
of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement constitutes the occurrence of a 
Borrower Event of Default; 
(c) 
in respect of each Cash Collateral funded pursuant to the terms of the Cash 
Collateral Agreement, the Cash Collateral Provider shall have the right to request 
from the Issuer the release of such Cash Collateral under the following 
circumstances (each, a "Release Without Discharge Event"): 
- 
while such Cash Collateral has been funded upon a Pre-Maturity Rating 
Downgrade Event, the Borrower regains the Pre-Maturity Rating 
Required Level; or 
- 
if, on a given date: 
(i) the amount of Cash Collateral standing to the credit of the Cash 
Collateral Account exceeds the applicable CCRFA on such date 
pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement; or  
(ii) the amount of Cash Collateral standing to the credit of the Collection 
Loss Reserve Account exceeds the amount that must be funded in 
each such Collection Loss Reserve pursuant to the terms of the Cash 
Collateral Agreement, 
- 
while the Collection Loss Reserve Account has been funded upon the 
occurrence of a Collection Loss Trigger Event, there is no longer a 
Collection Loss Trigger Event.  
Upon any release request by the Cash Collateral Provider following the occurrence 
of a Release Without Discharge Event, the Issuer shall release the relevant Cash 
Collateral and repay to the Cash Collateral Provider up to the relevant amount, 
provided that in all cases, an amount equal to the Legal Liquidity Reserve remains 
at any time on the credit of the Cash Collateral Account after such release; 
(d) 
upon the service by the Issuer (represented by the Issuer Independent 
Representative or by the Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower 
Enforcement Notice subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the 
Borrower Facility Agreement following the occurrence of a Borrower Event of 
Default, the Issuer (represented by the Issuer Independent Representative or by the 
Administrator) shall be entitled to apply to the repayment of the Secured Liabilities 
all sums standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and the Collection 
Loss Reserve Account Account. Any sum remaining to the credit of the Cash 
Collateral Account and the Collection Loss Reserve Account after satisfaction in

--- Page 125 ---
125 
WS0101.36145418.1 
full of the Secured Liabilities shall be repaid to the Cash Collateral Provider in 
accordance with the relevant Priority Payment Order. The Cash Collateral Provider 
will not benefit from the Privilège for the repayment of any amounts constituting 
any Cash Collateral; 
(vi) 
the agreement governed by French law dated on the Signing Date (as it may be amended 
from time to time) and entered into between the Issuer and Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, as Issuer 
Accounts Bank (the "Issuer Accounts Bank") (the "Issuer Accounts Agreement") pursuant 
to which the Issuer Accounts Bank is appointed for the opening and operation of the Issuer's 
bank accounts (the "Issuer Accounts")  
(a) including (i) the "Issuer Cash Accounts", including the Issuer General Account 
(denominated in Euro), the Cash Collateral Account (denominated in Euro), the Share 
Capital Proceeds Account (denominated in Euro) and, as the case may be, the Collection 
Loss Reserve Account (denominated in Euro); the Issuer General Account shall be 
credited or debited by the Issuer Accounts Bank, acting upon the instructions of the 
Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf), with any and all amounts which are not 
specified to be credited or debited to any other Issuer Cash Accounts (the "Issuer 
General Account") and (ii) the "Issuer Securities Accounts", which are securities 
accounts (comptes d'instruments financiers) opened in relation to each Issuer Cash 
Account; 
(b) upon instruction of the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf), an Issuer Cash 
Account shall be credited with the amount of the Issuer's share capital and the 
Subordinated Loan (the "Share Capital Proceeds Account"); 
(c) the Issuer shall terminate the appointment of the Issuer Accounts Banks under the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement and appoint subject to prior Rating Affirmation a substitute entity, 
at the costs of the Issuer Accounts Bank, upon the occurrence of an Issuer Accounts 
Bank Termination Event (an "Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event"): 
- 
subject to the terms of the Issuer Accounts Agreement, the occurrence of any 
Issuer Accounts Bank's Default;  
- 
the failure to comply with one or the other remedies to an Issuer Accounts 
Bank Rating Trigger Event within sixty (60) calendar days;  
- 
as long as the Borrower is also the Issuer Accounts Bank, a Borrower Event of 
Default has occurred; or 
- 
the Issuer Accounts Bank has resigned from its duties and obligations under 
the Issuer Accounts Agreement, 
Whereby: 
Each of the following events shall constitute an Issuer Accounts Bank's Default (a 
"Issuer Accounts Bank's Default"): 
(a) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Issuer Accounts 
Bank is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material 
respect when made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) 
within sixty (60) Business Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof 
to the Issuer Accounts Bank or (if sooner) the Issuer Accounts Bank has 
knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies

--- Page 126 ---
126 
WS0101.36145418.1 
that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered 
Bonds; 
(b) 
the Issuer Accounts Bank fails to comply with any of its material 
obligations under the Issuer Accounts Agreement unless such breach is 
capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business Days after 
the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer Accounts Bank or (if 
sooner) the Issuer Accounts Bank has knowledge of the same, provided 
that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer Accounts Bank; or 
(d) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer Accounts Bank to 
perform or comply with any or all of its material obligations under the 
Issuer Accounts Agreement or any or all of its material obligations under 
the Issuer Accounts Agreement are not, or cease to be, legal, valid and 
binding. 
If:  
- 
the senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations 
of the then appointed Issuer Accounts Bank become rated below P-1 
(short-term) by Moody's; or  
- 
the long-term Deposit Rating or, if no such rating is assigned or 
applicable, the long-term issuer default rating (IDR) of the then appointed 
Issuer Accounts Bank becomes rated below A- by Fitch and the short 
term Deposit Rating or, if no such rating is assigned or applicable, the 
short-term issuer default rating (IDR) of the then Issuer Accounts Bank 
becomes rated below F1 by Fitch, 
(an "Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event"), the Issuer Accounts Bank 
will notify the Issuer in writing of the occurrence of such event. Within sixty (60) 
calendar days of such occurrence either: 
(a) 
the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) shall have closed the 
then existing Issuer Bank Accounts and opened new accounts in its name 
under the terms of a new issuer accounts agreement substantially on the 
same terms as this Agreement with another financial institution whose:  
- 
senior 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unguaranteed 
debt 
obligations are rated at least P-1 (short-term) by Moody's, and 
- 
long-term Deposit Rating or, if no such rating is assigned or 
applicable, long-term issuer default rating (IDR) is rated at least A- 
by Fitch or short term Deposit Rating or, if no such rating is 
assigned or applicable, the short-term issuer default rating (IDR) is 
rated at least F1 by Fitch; or 
- 
any central bank in the EEA; or 
(b) 
subject to prior Rating Affirmation, the Issuer Accounts Bank has obtained a 
guarantee of its obligations under this Agreement on terms acceptable to the 
Issuer, acting reasonably, from a financial institution whose:

--- Page 127 ---
127 
WS0101.36145418.1 
- 
senior 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unguaranteed 
debt 
obligations are rated at least P-1 (short-term) by Moody's; and  
- 
long-term issuer default rating (IDR) is rated at least A- by Fitch or 
short term issuer default rating (IDR) is rated at least F1 by Fitch;  
provided that failure to comply with the provisions of paragraph (a) or paragraph 
(b) above within the relevant sixty (60) calendar day-period shall constitute an 
Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event within the meaning of the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement. 
(vii) 
the agreement governed by French law dated on the Signing Date (as it may be amended 
from time to time) and entered into between (i) the Issuer and (ii) Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, in its 
capacity as Issuer Calculation Agent (the "Issuer Calculation Agent") pursuant to which the 
Issuer Calculation Agent is appointed for the purposes of any calculation and determinations 
to be made under the Programme Documents (but excluding all calculation and 
determinations to be made with respect to the Series of Covered Bonds, such calculation and 
determinations to be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Calculation Agent under the Issuer 
Agency Agreement);  
(viii) 
the agreement governed by French law dated on the Signing Date (as it may be amended 
from time to time) and made between (i) the Issuer, (ii) the Issuer Calculation Agent or, as 
applicable, the Administrator (the "Asset Monitor Agreement") as supplemented by the 
letter dated on the Signing Date, issued by Deloitte & Associés as Asset Monitor (the "Asset 
Monitor") and duly accepted by the Issuer (the "Engagement Letter") pursuant to which, 
Deloitte & Associés has been appointed as Asset Monitor by the Issuer to carry out, subject 
to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Issuer Calculation Agent to the Asset 
Monitor, various testing and notification duties in relation to the calculations performed by 
the Issuer Calculation Agent in relation to the Asset Cover Test and the Amortisation Test 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(ix) 
the Dealer Agreement in relation to the Programme (see section "Subscription and Sale");  
(x) 
the Agency Agreement in relation to the Programme (see section "Terms and Conditions of 
the French law Covered Bonds ").

--- Page 128 ---
128 
WS0101.36145418.1 
ASSET MONITORING 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will include German 
law and French law Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such 
Covered Bonds, in the following section. 
Under the Collateral Security Agreement and for so long as no Borrower Event of Default has 
occurred and been enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower 
Facility Agreement, the Collateral Security Agent and the Collateral Providers shall monitor the 
Collateral Security Assets so as to ensure compliance with an asset cover test (the "Asset Cover 
Test"). 
Under the Cash Collateral Agreement and for so long as no Borrower Event of Default has occurred 
and been enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility 
Agreement, the Borrower, as Cash Collateral Provider, shall fund the Cash Collateral Account up to an 
amount determined in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement. 
Under Condition 5(f) and following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Issuer shall ensure 
compliance with an amortisation test (the "Amortisation Test").  
I. 
THE ASSET COVER TEST 
The following terms shall have the following definitions: 
"Asset Cover Test Date" means each Selection Date and each issuance date of a Series or a Tranche 
of Covered Bonds. 
"Asset Cover Test Calculation Period" means, in relation to any Asset Cover Test Date, each period 
starting on, and including, the immediately preceding Asset Cover Test Date, and ending on, and 
excluding such Asset Cover Test Date. 
"Selection Date" means, at the latest and with respect to any Home Loan as at the end of any calendar 
month, the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of the following calendar month. 
Compliance with the Asset Cover Test requires compliance with the asset cover ratio R specified 
below (the "Asset Cover Ratio"). Such compliance is tested by the Issuer Calculation Agent from 
time to time subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Collateral Security 
Agreement and the Calculation Services Agreement. 
The Asset Cover Ratio (R) 
"R" means the following ratio which shall be at least equal to one (1) at each Asset Cover Test Date: 
R = 




Amount
  
Principal
 g
Outstandin
Bond
Covered
Aggregate
(AAAA)
Amount 
Asset 
 
Aggregate
Adjusted
 
whereby: 
"Aggregate Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount (ACBOPA)" means, at any Asset Cover 
Test Date, the aggregate amount of principal (in euro or euro equivalent with respect to Covered 
Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency) outstanding at such date under all Covered Bonds.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
WS0101.36145418.1 
"Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA)" means, at any Asset Cover Test Date:  
(AAAA) = A + B + C + D – (Y + Z) 
whereby: 
"A" means the lower of "A1" and "A2". 
"A1" is equal to the sum of all Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts of all Relevant 
Home Loans during the most recently completed Asset Cover Test Calculation Period, as such 
Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts will be calculated on the relevant Asset Cover 
Test Date, whereby:  
"Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each 
Relevant Home Loan granted as Collateral Security, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount of such Relevant Home Loan minus 
the Applicable Deemed Reductions; and 
(ii) 
the LTV Cut-Off Percentage of the Indexed Valuation relating to such Relevant Home 
Loan minus the Applicable Deemed Reductions; 
"Applicable Deemed Reductions" means, with respect to any Relevant Home Loan, the 
aggregate sum of the financial losses incurred by the Collateral Providers with respect to 
such Relevant Home Loan to the extent that such financial losses have been incurred as a 
direct result of a material breach of the Servicing Procedures by the relevant Collateral 
Providers during the applicable Asset Cover Test Calculation Period.  
"Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Home 
Loan and within the limit of the sums secured by a Home Loan Security, the amount of 
principal outstanding at the relevant Asset Cover Test Date under such Relevant Home Loan. 
"LTV Cut-Off Percentage" means: 
(i) 
eighty per cent. (80%) for each Relevant Home Loan secured by a Mortgage; 
(ii) 
eighty per cent. (80%) for each Relevant Home Loan secured by a Home Loan 
Guarantee issued by Crédit Logement, by L’Equité, by CNP Caution or by AXA 
France IARD; 
(iii) a percentage which will be determined in accordance with the methodologies 
published by the Rating Agencies from time to time for each Relevant Home Loan 
that has the benefit of an insurance policy with an acceptable insurer or guarantee with 
an acceptable financial institution, insuring the credit risk under such Relevant Home 
Loan; and  
(iv) 
a percentage which will be determined in accordance with the methodologies 
published by the Rating AgencyAgencies from time to time for each Relevant Home 
Loan not mentioned under (i) to (iii) above. 
"Index" means the index of increases of house prices issued by PERVAL in relation to 
residential properties in France.  
"Indexed Valuation" means at any date in relation to any Relevant Home Loan secured over 
any Property:

--- Page 130 ---
130 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(i) 
where the Original Market Value of that Property is equal to or greater than the Price 
Indexed Valuation as at that date, the Price Indexed Valuation; or 
(ii) 
where the Original Market Value of that Property is less than the Price Indexed 
Valuation as at that date, the Original Market Value plus eighty per cent. (80%) of the 
difference between the Price Indexed Valuation and the Original Market Value. 
"Original Foreclosure Value" in relation to any Property means the purchase price of such 
Property or (as applicable) the most recent valuation of such Property, as disclosed to the 
relevant Collateral Provider by the relevant debtor under the related Relevant Home Loan. 
"Original Market Value" in relation to any Property means the Original Foreclosure Value 
divided by one (1). 
"Price Indexed Valuation" in relation to any Property at any date means the Original 
Market Value of that Property increased or decreased as appropriate by the increase or 
decrease in the Index since the date of the Original Market Value. 
"Relevant Home Loan" means, with respect to a given Asset Cover Test Date, any Home 
Loan from which Home Loan receivables have been granted as Collateral Security, 
excluding Home Loans which do not comply any more with the applicable Home Loan 
Eligibility Criteria. 
"A2" is equal to the sum of all unadjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts of all Relevant 
Home Loans minus the Applicable Deemed Reductions (as defined above) of all such Relevant Home 
Loans multiplied by the applicable Asset Percentage, whereby: 
"Asset Percentage" means (i) ninety point thirty eight per cent. (90.38%) or (ii) such percentage 
figure as is determined on quarterly basis by the Issuer Calculation Agent pursuant to the relevant 
terms of the Collateral Security Agreement. 
For the purpose of the calculation of the Asset Percentage referred to in (ii) above, the Issuer 
Calculation Agent will calculate, on a quarterly basis (subject to below), the Weighted Average 
Recovery Rate ("WARR"), the WAFF, and the WALS (and/or such figures calculated by the Issuer 
Calculation Agent in accordance with any relevant alternative methodologies published by Moody's 
and by Fitch) for all Relevant Home Loans or for a random sample of the same. The WARR, WAFF 
and WALS (or other relevant figures) so calculated will be incorporated by the Issuer Calculation 
Agent into one (1) or more cash flow models designed by the Issuer Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the methodologies published by Moody's and by Fitch. Such models, which test the credit 
enhancement required in various cash flow scenarios, will indicate, on the basis of the latest WARR, 
WAFF and WALS figures (or other relevant figures), the Asset Percentage needed in order to provide 
credit enhancement to cover all such cash flow scenarios. Save where otherwise determined in 
accordance with the methodologies published by Moody's and by Fitch, the Asset Percentage will be 
adjusted in accordance with the various methodologies published by Moody's and by Fitch provided 
that the Asset Percentage may not, at any time, exceed ninety point thirty eight per cent. (90.38%). 
"B" is equal to the aggregate amount of cash standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, as 
reported by the Collateral Security Agent in the relevant asset report. 
"C" is equal to the aggregate value outstanding under all Eligible Substitution Assets held by the 
Issuer (the "Aggregate Eligible Substitution Asset Amount (AESAA)") provided that, the amount of 
the Aggregate Eligible Substitution Asset Amount (AESAA) (whatever such amount is at any Asset 
Cover Test Date) shall in any event account only for up to twenty per cent. (20%) of the Adjusted 
Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA) for the purposes hereof. The Aggregate Eligible Substitution Asset 
Amount (AESAA) shall be reported by the Collateral Security Agent in the relevant asset report.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Eligible Substitution Assets will be valued on the last Business Day of the calendar month 
immediately preceding each Asset Cover Test Date and be taken into account for their mark-to-market 
value at a discount based on a methodology published by the Rating Agencies. 
For the purposes of the above calculation, an "Eligible Substitution Asset" is: 
(a) 
any Legal Substitution Asset (other than a Permitted Investment) which is a Euro or another 
Specified Currency demand or time deposit, certificate of deposit, long-term debt obligation 
or short-term debt obligation (including commercial paper) provided that in all cases such 
investment has a remaining period to maturity of one (1) year or less and the short-term 
unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations or, as applicable, the long-
term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or 
guaranteeing entity or the entity with which the demand or time deposit is made (being duly 
licensed for such purposes) are rated at least P-1 (short-term) and Aa3 (long-term) by 
Moody's and F1+ (short-term) or AA- (long-term) by Fitch; or 
(b) 
any Legal Substitution Asset (other than a Permitted Investment) which is a Euro or another 
Specified Currency denominated government and public securities, provided that such 
investment has a remaining maturity of one (1) year or less and is rated at least P-1 (short-
term) and Aaa (long-term) by Moody's and F1+ (short-term) or AAA (long-term) by Fitch; 
or 
(c) 
any Euro or other Specified Currency denominated residential mortgage backed securities 
provided that such investment (i) has a remaining period to maturity of one (1) year or less, 
(ii) is actively traded in a continuous, liquid market on a recognised stock exchange, (iii) is 
held widely across the financial system and available in an adequate supply, (iv) is rated at 
least P-1 (short-term) and Aa3 (long-term) by Moody's and F1+ (short-term) or AA- (long-
term) by Fitch, (v) is eligible for an investment by a société de financement à l'habitat. 
"Permitted Investment"  means: 
(i) Euro denominated government securities, Euro demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit 
and short term debt obligations (including commercial paper) provided that in all cases such 
investments have a remaining maturity date of thirty (30) calendar days or less and mature on or 
before the next following Payment Date and the short term or, as applicable, long term unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity or the 
entity with which the demand or time deposits are made are rated at least P-1 (short-term) or A2 
(long-term) by Moody's and F1 (short-term) or A- (long-term) by Fitch; 
(ii) Euro denominated government securities, Euro demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit 
and short term debt obligations (including commercial paper) provided that in all cases such 
investments have a remaining maturity date of sixty (60) calendar days or less and mature on or 
before the next following Payment Date and the short term or, as applicable, long term unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity or the 
entity with which the demand or time deposits are made are rated at least P-1 (short-term) or A2 
(long-term) by Moody's and F1+ (short-term) or AA- (long-term) by Fitch; 
(iii) Euro denominated government securities, Euro demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit 
and debt obligations (including commercial paper) provided that in all cases such investments 
have a remaining maturity date of three hundred sixty five (365) calendar days or less and greater 
than thirty (30) calendar days, and the short term or, as applicable, long term unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity or the 
entity with which the demand or time deposits are made are rated at least P-1 (short-term) or Aa3 
(long-term) by Moody's and F1+ (short-term) or AA- (long-term) by Fitch; and

--- Page 132 ---
132 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(iv) deposits of cash on accounts opened within the books of any central bank eligible under the SFH 
Legal Framework. 
"D" is equal to the aggregate value outstanding under all Permitted Investments, as determined by the 
Issuer Accounts Bank (or the Administrator on its behalf) and reported to the Issuer Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement. Permitted Investments will be valued on the last 
Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding each Asset Cover Test Date and be taken 
into account for their mark-to-market value at a discount based on a methodology agreed with the 
Rating Agencies. 
"Y" is equal to (i) zero if no hedging agreement was entered into by the Issuer and (ii) otherwise, an 
amount equal to the payments due under the hedging agreement(s) (plus interest thereon) within the 
period of α plus two (2) months preceding the relevant Asset Cover Test Date where α means the 
period between two (2) interest payment dates (first day of such period included and last day of such 
period excluded) under the relevant hedging agreement(s).  
"Z" is equal to: WAM × Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount × Carrying Cost, whereby: 
"Carrying Cost" means one per cent. (1.00%) or any other percentage agreed between the 
Issuer and the Collateral Security Agent (acting in the name and on behalf the Collateral 
Providers), subject to prior Rating Affirmation; 
"WAM" means the greater of (i) the weighted average maturity of Series of Covered Bonds 
outstanding as at the relevant Asset Cover Test Date, and (ii) one (1) year; 
"Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount" means, at any Asset Cover Test Date, the 
aggregate amount of principal (in euro or euro equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds 
denominated in a Specified Currency) outstanding at such date under all Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
Calculation of the Asset Cover Ratio (R) 
On each Asset Cover Test Date, the Asset Cover Ratio (R) shall be calculated by the Issuer 
Calculation Agent according to the terms, definitions and calculation formula set forth above. 
No later than three (3) Business Days following any Asset Cover Test Date, the Issuer Calculation 
Agent shall inform the Issuer, the Borrower and the Collateral Security Agent (with a copy to the 
Rating Agencies, to the Asset Monitor and the Specific Controller) of its calculation of the Asset 
Cover Ratio (R). 
Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test 
Non-compliance with the Asset Cover Test (the "Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test") would 
result from the Asset Cover Test Ratio (R) being strictly less than one (1). 
Remedies 
Upon Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test on any Asset Cover Test Date, the Collateral Security 
Agent shall: 
(i) 
cause the Collateral Providers to grant additional Eligible Assets as Collateral Security 
pursuant to the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreement, on the next following 
Asset Cover Test Date; and/or

--- Page 133 ---
133 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(ii) 
purchase any Eligible Substitution Assets up to the maximum percentage of Legal 
Substitution Assets as set out in Article R. 513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), 
in each case, as necessary to cure such Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test. 
A Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test does not constitute the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default or a Borrower Event of Default. However, it will prevent the Issuer from issuing any further 
Series as long as it remains unremedied. 
Breach of Asset Cover Test 
The failure by the Collateral Security Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the Collateral 
Providers, to cure a Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test occurred on any Asset Cover Test Date 
prior to the next following Asset Cover Test Date shall constitute a "Breach of Asset Cover Test" 
within the meaning of the Collateral Security Agreement. The Issuer Calculation Agent will inform 
promptly the Issuer, the Borrower and the Collateral Security Agent (with a copy to the Rating 
Agencies, the Asset Monitor and the Specific Controller) of its calculation of the Asset Cover Ratio 
and, if applicable, the occurrence of a Breach of Asset Cover Test. 
A Breach of Asset Cover Test constitutes the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default.  
A Breach of Asset Cover Test will not constitute the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but will 
prevent the Issuer from issuing any further Series, except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer 
of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 19. 
II. 
THE MINIMUM LEGAL OVERCOLLATERALISATION RATIO 
In accordance with the French SFH Legal Framework on the date hereof, and in particular pursuant to 
Articles L. 513-12 and R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the Issuer must at all times maintain an Overcollateralisation Ratio equal to a Minimum 
Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio (see section "Overview of the SFH Legal Framework and other 
Legal Issues").  
Non-compliance by the Issuer with the Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio shall constitute a 
"Breach of Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio". The Specific Controller is legally 
responsible for notifying promptly the Issuer and the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution 
of the occurrence of a Breach of Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio. Upon such notification, 
the Issuer shall then notify the Borrower and the Collateral Security Agent, the Rating Agencies, the 
Asset Monitor and the Issuer Calculation Agent of the same. 
A Breach of Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio does not constitute the occurrence of a 
Borrower Event of Default or an Issuer Event of Default. However, it may trigger the withdrawal of 
the license of the Issuer as a société de financement de l'habitat.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
WS0101.36145418.1 
III. 
THE PRE-MATURITY TEST 
Downgrading below the Pre-Maturity Rating Required Levels 
The contractual liquidity test of the Issuer (the "Pre-Maturity Test ") shall be deemed complied with 
for so long as, in relation to any and each Series of Covered Bonds, (i) no Pre-Maturity Rating 
Downgrade Event has occurred during any Pre-Maturity Test Period, or (ii) if, to the contrary, a Pre-
Maturity Rating Downgrade Event has occurred during any Pre-Maturity Test Period, the Cash 
Collateral Provider has duly funded the Cash Collateral Account with the relevant Cash Collateral, up 
to the relevant amount within fourteen (14) calendar days from the receipt of the relevant Cash 
Collateral Funding Notice. 
The Cash Collateral Provider shall be requested to fund the Cash Collateral Account with the relevant 
Cash Collateral, up to the relevant Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount, if the Borrower fails to 
maintain, during any Pre-Maturity Test Period (as defined below), any of the Pre-Maturity Rating 
Required Levels (a "Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event"). The occurrence of a Pre-Maturity 
Rating Downgrade Event does not constitute the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default or an 
Issuer Event of Default 
The following credit ratings with respect to the Borrower are defined for the purposes of this 
Agreement as follows (each, the "Pre-Maturity Rating Required Level"  and together, the "Pre-
Maturity Rating Required Levels"):  
(a) 
P-1 (short-term) by Moody's;  
(b) 
F1 (short-term) or A- (long term) by Fitch. 
Upon the occurrence of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall 
inform the Cash Collateral Provider of the same within three (3) Business Days from such occurrence 
by written notice (the "Cash Collateral Funding Notice") delivered to the Cash Collateral Provider 
(with a copy to the Issuer, the Administrator and the Rating Agencies). 
Remedies 
If a Cash Collateral Funding Notice is received by the Cash Collateral Provider, the Cash Collateral 
Provider shall fund the Cash Collateral Account up to an amount (the "Cash Collateral Required 
Funding Amount" or "CCRFA") calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Principal Amount in relation to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds + 
the Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Interest Amount in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds + the Pre-
Maturity Costs. 
whereby:  
"Pre-Maturity Costs" means the aggregate amount of fees, costs, expenses, taxes and other ancillary 
sums (excluding interest and principal amounts) scheduled to be paid by the Issuer within the next 
ninety (90th) calendar days starting from the receipt of the Cash Collateral Funding Notice.  
"Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Interest Amount" means the aggregate amount (in Euro or Euro 
equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency) of interest that will 
become due and payable, taking into account any hedging agreement(s) if applicable, (i) under any 
relevant outstanding Covered Bonds within the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Period and (ii) on any 
Series outside the scope of any Pre-Maturity Test Period, for the next ninety (90th) calendar days 
starting from the receipt of the Cash Collateral Funding Notice.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
WS0101.36145418.1 
"Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Principal Amount" means the aggregate amount of principal of 
Covered Bonds (in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified 
Currency), excluding the aggregate amount of principal of any Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, 
the Pre-Maturity Test Period of which has started on such date. 
"Pre-Maturity Test Period" means with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds (which is not a 
Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds), the period starting from, and including, the two hundred 
seventieth (270th) calendar day preceding the Final Maturity Date of that Series and ending on, and 
including, such Final Maturity Date. 
"Soft Bullet Covered Bonds" means the Covered Bonds containing an Extended Final Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Alternative funding of the CCRFA and the Legal Liquidity Reserve  
Following the occurrence of any Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event, the obligations of the Cash 
Collateral Provider to fund the CCRFA to satisfy the Pre-Maturity Test and the obligation to fund the 
Legal Liquidity Reserve to satisfy the provisions of the SFH Legal Framework shall be deemed 
satisfied if the Cash Collateral Provider funds, to the Cash Collateral Account and on the relevant due 
date, an amount equal to the greater of (i) the relevant CCRFA and (ii) the amount of the Legal 
Liquidity Reserve on the same date, it being provided for the avoidance of doubt that, calculation of 
the Legal Liquidity Reserve on any following day shall take into account any Legal Substitution 
Assets which includes, inter alia, the credit balance of the Cash Collateral Account as previously 
funded to satisfy notably the Pre-Maturity Test. 
Breach of Pre-Maturity Test 
The failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund into the Cash Collateral Account the relevant 
amount within fourteen (14) calendar days from the receipt of a Cash Collateral Funding Notice shall 
constitute a "Breach of Pre-Maturity Test". A Breach of Pre-Maturity Test constitutes the 
occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default.  
IV. 
THE AMORTISATION TEST 
Following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default subject to, and in accordance with, the 
relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the 
Amortisation Test in accordance with Condition 5 (f) of the section "Terms and Conditions of the 
French law Covered Bonds".  
For the purpose of the determination of the Amortisation Ratio, the following terms shall have the 
following definitions: 
"Amortisation Test Date" means, at the latest, the last calendar day of each calendar month following 
the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default, it being provided that the Administrator and the 
Issuer Calculation Agent shall use their best effort so that such date occurs on, or as soon as possible 
as from the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of each calendar month following the enforcement of a 
Borrower Event of Default. 
"Amortisation Test Calculation Period" means, in relation to any Amortisation Test Date, each 
period starting on, and including, the immediately preceding Amortisation Test Date, and ending on, 
and excluding such Amortisation Test Date. 
Compliance with the Amortisation Test requires compliance with the amortisation ratio RA specified 
below (the "Amortisation Ratio (RA)"). Such compliance is tested by the Issuer Calculation Agent

--- Page 136 ---
136 
WS0101.36145418.1 
from time to time throughout the period following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default 
subject to, and in accordance with the Condition 5 (f) and the Calculation Services Agreement. 
The Amortisation Ratio 
"RA" means the following ratio which shall be at least equal to one (1) at each Amortisation Test 
Date: 
RA = 
 
whereby: 
"Aggregate Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount (ACBOPA)" means, at any 
Amortisation Test Date, the aggregate amount of principal (in euro or euro equivalent with respect to 
Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency) outstanding at such date under all Covered 
Bonds.  
"Transferred Aggregate Asset Amount (TAAA')" means, at any Amortisation Test Date:  
(TAAA') = A' + B + C + D + E – Z 
whereby: 
"A'" is equal to the sum of all "Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts" of all Home 
Loans, title to which has been transferred to the Issuer upon enforcement of the Collateral Security 
following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default (each, a "Relevant Transferred Home 
Loan"), as such "Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts" will be calculated on the 
relevant Amortisation Test Date, whereby:  
"Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant 
Transferred Home Loan, the amount of principal outstanding at the relevant Amortisation 
Test Date under such Relevant Transferred Home Loan; 
"Relevant Transferred Home Loan" means, with respect to a given Amortisation Test 
Date, any Home Loan from which Home Loan receivables have been granted as Collateral 
Security provided that title to such Home Loan receivables has been transferred to the Issuer 
upon enforcement of the Collateral Security following the enforcement of a Borrower Event 
of Default; and 
"Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each 
Relevant Transferred Home Loan, the Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount of such 
Relevant Transferred Home Loan multiplied by M, where for all the Relevant Home Loans 
that are less than three (3) months in arrears, M = 1 and for all the Relevant Transferred 
Home Loans that are three (3) months or more in arrears, M = 0.7; 
"B", "C", "D" and "Z" have the meaning ascribed to such terms, and shall be determined, on each 
relevant Amortisation Test Date, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms and formula described 
in section "The Asset Cover Test" above. 
"E" is equal to the aggregate amount of principal and interest payments, distributions, indemnities, 
insurance and other proceeds, payments under any Home Loan Security and other sums received 
during the applicable Amortisation Test Calculation Period by the Issuer from the debtors or other 
relevant entities under the Collateral Security Assets whose title has been transferred to the Issuer 
following enforcement of the Collateral Security, as the same shall be reported by the Issuer 




ACBOPA
TAAA'

--- Page 137 ---
137 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Calculation Agent on each Amortisation Test Date subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant 
terms of the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Calculation of the Amortisation Ratio 
On each Amortisation Test Date, the Amortisation Ratio (RA) shall be calculated by the Issuer 
Calculation Agent according to the terms, definitions and calculation formula set forth above. 
No later than three (3) Business Days following any Amortisation Test Date, the Issuer Calculation 
Agent shall inform the Issuer (with a copy to the Rating Agencies and to the Asset Monitor) of its 
calculation of the Amortisation Ratio (RA). 
Non Compliance with Amortisation Test 
A "Non Compliance with Amortisation Test" will result from the Amortisation Ratio (RA) being 
strictly less than one (1). 
A Non Compliance with Amortisation Test will prevent the Issuer from issuing any further Series, 
except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 19. 
Breach of Amortisation Test 
The failure by the Issuer to cure a Non Compliance with Amortisation Test occurred on any 
Amortisation Test Date prior to the next following Amortisation Test Date shall constitute a "Breach 
of Amortisation Test". The Issuer Calculation Agent will inform promptly the Issuer and each 
relevant Representative (with a copy to the Rating Agencies and to the Asset Monitor) of the 
occurrence of a Breach of Amortisation Test. 
A Breach of Amortisation Test constitutes the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
WS0101.36145418.1 
CASH FLOW 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will include German 
law and French law Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such 
Covered Bonds, in the following section. 
Cash management 
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator will assist the Issuer in operating its 
bank accounts, the management and investment of its available cash in Permitted Investments in 
accordance with the relevant Permitted Investments rules, and any other matters in relation to the 
management of its bank accounts and funds so as to ensure that the Issuer will at all times comply with 
the provisions of the Programme Documents. 
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement and, subject to and, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions, the Administrator will invest any cash standing from time to time to the credit of the Issuer 
Cash Accounts pending application in accordance with the Priority Payment Orders (see section 
"Cash Flow – Priority Payment Orders"), in instruments which qualify as Permitted Investments (as 
defined in section "Material Contracts" of this Base Prospectus). 
Issuer Accounts 
Available Funds of the Issuer will be from time to time credited and debited by the Administrator on 
behalf of the Issuer into the Issuer Cash Accounts opened in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank 
(see section "Material Contracts" for a further description of the Issuer Accounts). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Available Funds" means: 
(a) 
in the absence of service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice (and whether an Issuer 
Enforcement Notice has been served to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer or not): 
(i) 
payment proceeds from the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement; 
(ii) 
cash standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account or the Share Capital Proceeds 
Account (including proceeds from Permitted Investments invested with such cash (if 
any));  
(iii) any Cash Collateral (if any) standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and 
the Collection Loss Reserve Account (including proceeds from Permitted Investments 
invested with any such Cash Collateral (if any));  
(iv) 
payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer 
from the debtors under the Legal Substitution Assets and standing to the credit of the 
Issuer General Account; and 
(v) 
payment proceeds from the hedging agreement(s) (if any). 
(b) 
following the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and enforcement of the Collateral 
Security (and whether an Issuer Enforcement Notice has been served to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer or not): 
(i) 
payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer 
following service of a notice to any or all debtors under the Home Loans mentioning

--- Page 139 ---
139 
WS0101.36145418.1 
the new payment instructions to be observed by the same with respect to the payment 
of sums due under the Home Loans and/or the related Asset Contractual 
Documentation and standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account; 
(ii) 
insurance proceeds and other proceeds (other than the proceeds mentioned in (i) 
above) received by the Issuer under the Home Loans and standing to the credit of the 
Issuer General Account; 
(iii) payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer 
from the debtors under the Legal Substitution Assets and standing to the credit of the 
Issuer General Account; 
(iv) 
proceeds from disposal of, transfer, sale or refinancing (by way of securitisation or 
otherwise) of the Home Loan receivables and standing to the credit of the Issuer 
General Account; 
(v) 
proceeds from the enforcement of any Home Loan Security (if any) and standing to 
the credit of the Issuer General Account; 
(vi) 
cash from Permitted Investments (if any) standing to the credit of the Issuer General 
Account; 
(vii) cash standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and the Collection Loss 
Reserve Account; 
(viii) payment proceeds from the hedging agreement(s) (if any); 
(ix) 
cash standing to the credit of the Share Capital Proceeds Account; and 
(x) 
proceeds from disposal of, transfer, sale or refinancing (by way of securitisation or 
otherwise) of all other eligible assets of the Issuer and standing to the credit of the 
Issuer General Account. 
Priority Payment Orders 
Pre-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
 
In the absence of service by the Issuer (represented by the Issuer Independent Representative or by the 
Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and in the absence of service of an 
Issuer Enforcement Notice, on any Payment Date and (as applicable) Final Maturity Date (or the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, if any) of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Administrator (on 
behalf of the Issuer) will give the appropriate instructions to the Issuer Accounts Bank to debit the 
relevant Issuer Cash Accounts and (as the case may be) the relevant Issuer Securities Accounts (other 
than the Issuer General Account) from the cash that shall constitute the Available Funds of the Issuer 
on such date and shall credit the same into the Issuer General Account. The Administrator (on behalf 
of the Issuer) shall then give the appropriate instructions on such date to the Issuer Accounts Bank and 
the Paying Agent to apply the Available Funds of the Issuer to the following payments owed by the 
Issuer on such date, in the following Pre-Enforcement Priority Payment Order: 
 
(i) 
first, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts 
then due and payable by the Issuer, if any, as the case may be, after netting if applicable, 
under any hedging agreement(s) benefiting from the Privilège in accordance with the 
provisions of Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier), (other than the hedging subordinated termination costs referred to in 
paragraph (iv) below);

--- Page 140 ---
140 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(ii) 
secondly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all Interest 
Amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all principal 
amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds;  
(iv) 
fourthly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all 
amounts then due and payable by the Issuer, if any, in respect of any payments to be made 
by the Issuer following an early termination of any hedging agreement(s) (if any) as a result 
of an event of default under the same in respect of which the relevant hedge counterparty of 
the Issuer is the defaulting party or following a termination event of the same in respect of 
which the hedge counterparty of the Issuer is the affected party; 
(v) 
fifthly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of the amounts then due 
and payable by the Issuer to (a) the Administrator under the remuneration due in 
consideration of the services rendered pursuant to the Administrative Agreement which fall 
within the scope of Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), if any, and (b) the servicer under the servicing agreement pursuant 
to which the servicing of the Collateral Security Assets would be carried out by this new 
servicer in accordance with Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), as the case may be; 
(vi) 
sixthly, only after and subject to the payment of any due and payable amounts due to the 
Issuer's creditors under item (i) to item (v) hereabove (the "Privileged Creditors"), and, as 
applicable, in accordance with any statutory or preference right they may benefit from the 
then applicable general law, in or towards payment or discharge of (a) the Issuer's liability, 
if any, to taxation, (b) any costs, expenses, fees, remuneration and indemnity payments (if 
any) and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to any relevant entity in connection with 
the holding of any meeting of holders of Covered Bonds, to any stock exchange and other 
listing entities where the Covered Bonds are listed, any clearing systems entities where the 
Covered Bonds are cleared, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (with respect to any insurance premium, 
regulatory, professional and legal fees, costs and other expenses paid by Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa on behalf of the Issuer and to be repaid by the Issuer to Crédit Mutuel Arkéa subject 
to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Convention d'externalisation et de 
prestations de services), the Administrator (other than the amounts referred to under item 
(v) above), the Issuer Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Issuer Accounts Bank, the 
Paying Agent(s), the Permanent Dealer(s), the Dealer(s), the Fiscal Agent(s), the Calculation 
Agent(s), the Issuer's Auditors, the Specific Controller, the Substitute Specific Controller, 
the Representatives and the Rating Agencies in respect of the monitoring fees (together (a) 
and (b), the "Administrative and Tax Costs"), (c) any and all amounts then due and 
payable by the Issuer to the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement 
and (d) any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer with respect to any other 
resources raised by the Issuer, if any, in accordance with Article L. 513-30 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and which do not benefit from 
the Privilège;  
(vii) 
seventhly, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due 
and payable by the Issuer with respect to (i) any dividend to be then distributed to the 
Issuer's shareholders, and (ii) interest, principal and other payments then due and payable 
under the Subordinated Loans.  
Controlled Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
 
In the event of service by the Issuer (represented by the Issuer Independent Representative or by the 
Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and thereafter unless and until an

--- Page 141 ---
141 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Issuer Enforcement Notice is served to the Issuer, on any Payment Date and (as applicable) Final 
Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, if any) of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds, 
the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) will give the appropriate instructions to the Issuer Accounts 
Bank to debit the relevant Issuer Cash Accounts and (as the case may be) the relevant Issuer Securities 
Accounts (other than the Issuer General Account) from the cash that shall constitute the Available 
Funds of the Issuer on such date and shall credit the same into the Issuer General Account. The 
Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) shall then give the appropriate instructions on such date to the 
Issuer Accounts Bank and the Paying Agent to apply the Available Funds of the Issuer to the 
following payments owed by the Issuer on such date, in the following Controlled Post-Enforcement 
Priority Payment Order: 
 
(i) 
first, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all hedging 
costs then due and payable by the Issuer, if any, under the hedging agreement(s), if any, 
(other than hedging subordinated termination costs referred to in paragraph (iv) below); or  
(ii) 
secondly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all Interest 
Amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all principal 
amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
fourthly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any amounts then 
due and payable by the Issuer to (a) the Administrator under the remuneration due in 
consideration of the services rendered pursuant to the Administrative Agreement which fall 
within the scope of Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), if any, and/or (b) the new servicer under the servicing agreement 
entered into by the Issuer in accordance with Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), as the case may be; 
(v) 
fifthly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or 
towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and 
payable by the Issuer, if any, in respect of any payments to be made by the Issuer following 
an early termination of any hedging agreement(s) (if any) as a result of an event of default 
under the same in respect of which the relevant hedge counterparty of the Issuer is the 
defaulting party or following a termination event of the same in respect of which the hedge 
counterparty of the Issuer is the affected party; 
(vi) 
sixthly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, and, 
as applicable, in accordance with any statutory or preference right they may benefit from the 
then applicable general law, in or towards payment or discharge of (a) any and all 
Administrative and Tax Costs then due and payable by the Issuer and (b) any and all 
amounts then due and payable by the Issuer with respect to any other resources raised by the 
Issuer, if any, in accordance with Article L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) and which do not benefit from the Privilège;  
(vii) 
seventhly, (a) only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered 
Bonds, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and 
payable by the Issuer with respect to any and all enforcement proceeds surplus amounts 
remaining after enforcement of the Collateral Security subject to, and in accordance with, 
the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreement and any and all amounts then due 
and payable by the Issuer to the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral 
Agreement, (b) only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered 
Bonds and sums referred to in (a) above, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of 
any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer to any third parties (with respect to 
any dividend already voted and to be then distributed to the Issuer's shareholders,

--- Page 142 ---
142 
WS0101.36145418.1 
and interest, principal and other payments then due and payable under the Subordinated 
Loans). 
Accelerated Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
 
In the event of service of an Issuer Enforcement Notice and thereafter (whether a Borrower 
Enforcement Notice shall have been served to the Borrower or not), the Administrator (on behalf of 
the Issuer) will promptly and no later than three (3) Business Days after receipt by the Issuer of such 
Issuer Enforcement Notice give the appropriate instructions to the Issuer Accounts Bank to debit all 
the Issuer Accounts (other than the Issuer General Account) from the cash that shall constitute the 
Available Funds of the Issuer on such date and shall credit the same into the Issuer General Account. 
The Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) shall then give the appropriate instructions on such date 
and on each and every day chosen by the Administrator thereafter to the Issuer Accounts Bank and the 
Paying Agent to apply the Available Funds of the Issuer to the following payments owed by the Issuer 
on and as from such date, in the following Accelerated Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no payment item below shall be paid as long as an item 
ranking senior to it shall not have been duly paid, repaid, reimbursed or redeemed in full by the Issuer: 
 
(i) 
first, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all sums then 
due and payable by the Issuer, if any, under the hedging agreement(s), if any, (other than 
hedging subordinated termination costs referred to in paragraph (ii) below) and remaining 
unpaid at such date, (b) any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds (and remaining unpaid at such date), it being provided that 
in case of insufficient available funds to pay all the sums then due under such Series of 
Covered Bonds, if an amount of interests is due on the same day than an amount of principal 
under the same Series of Covered Bonds, the payment is made first on the interests amounts 
due and (c) any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer (and remaining unpaid at 
such date) to (a) the Administrator under the remuneration due in consideration of the 
services rendered pursuant to the Administrative Agreement which fall within the scope of 
Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
if any, and/or (b) the new servicer under the servicing agreement entered into by the Issuer 
in accordance with Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), as the case may be; 
(ii) 
secondly, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) above, 
in or towards payment or discharge pari passu, pro rata and in full of any and all amounts 
then due and payable by the Issuer, if any, in respect of any payments to be made by the 
Issuer following an early termination of any hedging agreement(s) (if any) as a result of an 
event of default under the same in respect of which the relevant hedge counterparty of the 
Issuer is the defaulting party or following a termination event of the same in respect of 
which the hedge counterparty of the Issuer is the affected party;  
(iii) 
thirdly, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) and (ii) 
above, and, as applicable, in accordance with any statutory or preference right they may 
benefit from the then applicable general law, in or towards payment or discharge of (a) any 
and all Administrative and Tax Costs and (b) any and all amounts then due and payable by 
the Issuer with respect to any other resources raised by the Issuer, if any, in accordance with 
Article L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
and which do not benefit from the Privilège; and  
(iv) 
fourthly, (a) after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to 
(iii) above, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts due by the 
Issuer with respect to any and all enforcement proceeds surplus amounts remaining after 
enforcement of the Collateral Security subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms 
of the Collateral Security Agreement and any and all amounts then due and payable by the

--- Page 143 ---
143 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Issuer to the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement, (b) after and 
subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (iii) above and any 
sums referred to in (a) above, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all 
amounts due by the Issuer to any third parties (with respect to any dividend already voted 
and to be then distributed to the Issuer's shareholders, and interest, principal and other 
payments then due and payable under the Subordinated Loans).

--- Page 144 ---
144 
WS0101.36145418.1 
ORIGINATION OF THE HOME LOANS 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will include German 
law and French law Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such 
Covered Bonds, in the following section. 
The Caisses Locales (Caisses) apply their lending criteria and conditions to all the home loans 
pursuant to the usual customary lending procedures of the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group, whatever the 
origination source is (branch level or brokers). 
Pre-Acceptance Control 
Prior to the acceptance for granting a home loan, information on the client is systematically collected 
from: 
(i) 
the national database on household credit repayment incidents (Fichier des Incidents de 
Remboursements des Crédits aux Particuliers) regulated by the Banque de France, where 
payment incidents are recorded on all types of non-professional loans to individuals, 
including unauthorised overdrafts; and 
(ii) 
the central cheque register (Fichier Central des Chèques) held by the Banque de France, 
which is the central record of (i) payment incidents involving bad cheques, (ii) bans on 
issuing cheques as imposed by banks on those account holders having caused these 
incidents, and (iii) bans on issuing cheques as ordered by court. 
Should the client be found registered as a defaulting borrower, as a result of searches of the above, the 
application is usually rejected. 
The relevant applicant relationship manager shall collect the necessary information from the general 
information system within the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group and is responsible for the completion of the 
loan file and collection of all relevant documents (including, inter alia, salary slips, tax statements, 
bank statements, and audited financial statements for self-employed applicants). Debts and income are 
verified against documents, such as the last document sent by the French tax administration, tax 
statements, the most recent pay slips, and bank statements. 
When a home loan guarantee is requested from L'Equité (Generali Group), the pre-acceptance process 
also includes the underwriting and acceptance process to be undertaken by L'Equité under certain 
circumstances (including, inter alia, a minimum relevant available income per family member (reste à 
vivre), a debt-to-income ratio required limit (ratios d’endettement) and the applicant’s professional 
situation). Otherwise the decision process is delegated to the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group. 
When a home loan guarantee is requested from Crédit Logement, the pre-acceptance process also 
includes the underwriting and acceptance process to be undertaken by Crédit Logement. 
When a home loan guarantee is requested from CNP Caution, the pre-acceptance process also includes 
the underwriting and acceptance process to be undertaken by CNP Caution under certain 
circumstances (including, inter alia, a minimum relevant available income per family member (reste à 
vivre), a debt-to-income ratio required limit (ratios d’endettement) and the applicant’s professional 
situation). Otherwise the decision process is delegated to the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group. 
When a home loan guarantee is requested from AXA France IARD, the pre-acceptance process also 
includes the underwriting and acceptance process to be undertaken by AXA France IARD under certain 
circumstances (including, inter alia, a minimum relevant available income per family member (reste à 
vivre), a debt-to-income ratio required limit (ratios d’endettement) and the applicant’s professional 
situation). Otherwise the decision process is delegated to the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Decision Process 
Underwriting relies on an authorization system whereby each relationship manager is assigned a 
hierarchical level depending on the relationship manager's experience. The hierarchical levels at which 
loans are analysed depend on the contemplated amount of the loan, the total amount of the outstanding 
debts of the applicant, the available income per family member, the Basel II rating and the debt-to-
income ratio. As a matter of rule for the Fédération du Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne, when one of the 
above mentioned criteria is exceeded, the decision shall be taken by the highest hierarchical level in 
the branch. Furthermore, in the event that the available income per family member is lower than a 
certain level, the decision shall be taken by the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the 
relevant Caisse.  
Any decision is taken in light of numerous factors such as, inter alia, type and length of employment, 
type of occupancy, family status, family's economic situation, capital, debt-to-income ratio, available 
income, and securities granted by the applicant.  
Pre-Funding Controls 
If the application process goes through, the Middle-Office Credit department of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
verifies the documents and information provided by the applicant before making any offer. In the 
event that any documents are missing, such department ask the relationship manager to provide them. 
During this stage, all persons in charge at each Caisse are responsible for liaising with all relevant 
third parties (including, inter alia, the relevant notary public). The home loan offer and home loan 
documentation may only be issued to the client once all the documents required from the borrower 
have been obtained, (and the decision for the underwriting of the home loan has been approved). Upon 
reception by the bank of an offer accepted by a client, the relevant Caisse or the Middle-Office Credit 
department of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa verifies the validity of the accepted offer and then proceeds with 
the funding of the home loan. 
Servicing 
The Caisses are responsible for dealing with irregular situations as soon any such situations are 
detected. All Caisses use an arrears management system to monitor and work out the delinquent 
payments incurred on home loans. 
First out-of-court recovery stage 
With respect to the Caisses, upon the first occurrence of an overdue payment, phone calls are made by 
the relationship manager to chase up payments. As soon as a home loan has a payment due and unpaid 
for more than fifteen (15) calendar days or thirty five (35) calendar days at the latest, depending on the 
Fédération du Crédit Mutuel, the servicing of such a home loan is transferred to a dedicated affiliate of 
the Crédit Mutuel group. Such recovery entity is responsible for recovering the first unpaid 
installments by using methods such as warning letters orvery selective phone calls in order to chase up 
payments.  
Second out-of-court recovery stage 
With respect to the Fédérations du Crédit Mutuel, once four installments have been missed by the 
relevant client, the servicing of such a home loan is transferred back to the Caisse. The Fédérations' 
internal dispute and litigation departments provide their assistance to the Caisses for servicing and 
collection of the defaulted payments during this stage.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Judicial dispute and litigation stage 
The responsibility for the servicing of such a home loan is transferred to the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
Group's internal dispute and litigation departments when the out-of-court recovery procedures have 
failed, a commercial litigation is started or a judicial dispute is commenced by a third party. 
Servicing of the guaranteed home loans 
When the home loan is guaranteed by L'Equité, the guarantee is drawn in favour of the Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa Group as soon as there are more than three (3) missed monthly payments or a quarterly 
payment is due and unpaid for more than two (2) months. The Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group accelerates 
the payment of all guaranteed amounts. L'Equité shall pay the entirety of the guaranteed amounts (the 
delinquent installments as well as the outstanding principal) within fifteen (15) calendar days of 
receipt of the relevant drawing notice and documents required from the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group. 
The servicing of the home loan is transferred to L'Equité upon payment by the latter. 
When the home loan is guaranteed by Crédit Logement, the guarantee is drawn in favour of the Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa Group as soon as any payment becomes more than ninety (90) calendar days overdue. 
Crédit Logement must start paying the relevant guaranteed amounts within one (1) month of receipt of 
the relevant drawing notice. Upon payment by Crédit Logement, the latter becomes responsible for the 
servicing of the home loan for a maximum duration of twenty-four (24) months. Crédit Logement is 
required to use its best efforts to reach an amicable solution with the client. During such a twenty-four 
(24) month period, Crédit Logement can opt either to reimburse the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group only 
the guaranteed amounts that are due, or immediately accelerate the payment of all guaranteed 
amounts. Crédit Logement must accelerate the payment of the entirety of the guaranteed amounts at 
the end of the above mentioned twenty-four (24) month period. At this point, Crédit Logement shall 
become solely responsible for the servicing of the home loan. 
When the home loan is guaranteed by CNP Caution, the guarantee is drawn in favour of the Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa Group as soon as there are more than three (3) missed payments and the failure of any 
amicable debt recovery within a maximum timeframe of five (5) months from the first missed 
payment. CNP Caution must start paying the relevant guaranteed amounts within fourty-five (45) 
calendar days of receipt of the relevant drawing notice and documents required from the Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa Group. At this point, CNP Caution shall become solely responsible for the servicing of the 
home loan.  
When the home loan is guaranteed by AXA France IARD, the guarantee is drawn in favour of the 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group as soon as there are more than three (3) missed payments and the failure 
of any amicable debt recovery within a maximum timeframe of five (5) months from the first missed 
payment. AXA France IARD must start paying the relevant guaranteed amounts within fourty-five 
(45) calendar days of receipt of the relevant drawing notice and documents required from the Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa Group. At this point, AXA France IARD shall become solely responsible for the 
servicing of the home loan.

--- Page 147 ---
WS0101.36145418.1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the French law Covered Bonds. The form of final terms 
applicable to the German law Covered Bonds is included in the Agency Agreement) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing 
MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement [Directive 2016/97/EU dated 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended / the 
Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 dated 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [("UK MiFIR")]; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the 
PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
[6[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II") / MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
                                                     
 
4 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to retail clients in the EEA. 
5 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to retail clients in the UK. 
6 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018..

--- Page 148 ---
148 
WS0101.36145418.1 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]7. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.8] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in [UK MiFIR / 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments] as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR")]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]9. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]10 
OR 
11[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPs TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended, ("MiFID II") / MiFID II]; EITHER 12[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services]13] OR 14[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
                                                     
 
7 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a 
programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a 
negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target 
market assessment indicates that Covered Bonds are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the 
amounts invested]." 
8 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to retail clients 
9 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a 
programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a 
negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target 
market assessment indicates that Covered Bonds are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the 
amounts invested]." 
10 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to retail clients in the UK. 
11 This legend is applicable if following the ICMA2 retail approach which would only be the case in relation to a 
low denomination issue and for Covered Bonds which are not ESMA complex or certain ESMA complex 
Covered Bonds only (as explained in the ICMA2 paper available on the ICMA MiFID II/R in primary markets 
webpage: https://www.icmagroup.org/Regulatory-Policy-and-Market-Practice/Primary-Markets/primary-market-
topics/mifid-ii-r-in-primarymarkets/). 
12 Include for Covered Bonds that are not ESMA complex 
13 This list may not be necessary, especially for Covered Bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of 
distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
WS0101.36145418.1 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]15. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]16.]]17 
18 19[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 
supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") and professional clients, as defined in [UK MiFIR / Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments] as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR")]; EITHER 
20[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]21] OR 22[(ii) all 
                                                                                                                                                                     
 
14 Include for certain ESMA complex Covered Bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In 
addition, if the Covered Bonds constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail 
without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
15 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a 
programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a 
negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target 
market assessment indicates that Covered Bonds are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the 
amounts invested]." 
16 If the Covered Bonds constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without 
the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are 
advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
17 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are intended to be sold to retail clients in the EEA. 
18 The legend may not be necessary for a programme with a non-UK MiFIR issuer and non-UK MiFIR 
guarantor(s) if the managers in relation to the Covered Bonds are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore 
there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations 
where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where 
both are included. 
19 Include this legend if parties have agreed to a retail target market. This may be the case if (1) following the 
ICMA 2 retail approach which would only be the case in relation to a low denomination issue and for Covered 
Bonds which are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) or certain ESMA complex 
bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) only (as explained in the ICMA 2 paper) (2) a more detailed 
bespoke target market assessment and review is intended or (3) an alternative proportionate approach is to be 
followed. 
20 Include for Covered Bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
21 This list may not be necessary, especially for Covered Bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of 
distribution may be appropriate (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). It reflects the list used in the 
examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
22 Include for certain ESMA complex Covered Bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may 
need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a 
determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Covered Bonds constitute "complex" products, 
pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
WS0101.36145418.1 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to retail clients are appropriate - investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]23. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]24.]] 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
Arkéa Home Loans SFH 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the €13,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
for the issue of Obligations de Financement de l'Habitat 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
                                                     
 
23 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a 
programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a 
negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target 
market assessment indicates that Covered Bonds are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the 
amounts invested]." 
24 If the Covered Bonds constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without 
the need to make the determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability 
will be necessary.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
WS0101.36145418.1 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the French law Covered Bonds (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 25 May 
2023 [as supplemented by its supplement(s) dated [] ([together] the "Base Prospectus") which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Covered Bonds described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8.1 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered 
Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented]. [In addition, a summary of the issue of the Covered Bonds is annexed to these 
Final Terms.]25. The Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] are available for viewing 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).[In addition26, the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] [and the Final Terms] [is] [are] available for viewing [on/at] [].] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
which are the [2022 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2021 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2020 Covered 
Bonds Conditions] / [2018 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2017 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2015 
Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2013 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2011 Covered Bonds Conditions] 
which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (as defined below). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8.1 of 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated [25] May 2023 [, as supplemented by its 
supplement[s] dated [], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus")], including the Conditions which are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] and the [2022 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2021 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2020 
Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2018 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2017 Covered Bonds Conditions] / 
[2015 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2013 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2011 Covered Bonds 
Conditions]. [In addition, a summary of the issue of the Covered Bonds is annexed to these Final 
Terms.]9 The present Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] are available for 
viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).[In addition27, these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] are available for viewing [on/at] [].] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
                                                     
 
25 Not required for Covered Bonds with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
26 If the Covered Bonds are listed on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
27 If the Covered Bonds are listed on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
WS0101.36145418.1 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds 
will 
be 
assimilated 
(assimilables) and form a single 
Series: 
 
 
 
[The Covered Bonds will be assimilated 
(assimilables) and form a single Series 
[(identify earlier Tranches)] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Certificate for interests in the Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds, as referred in 
paragraph 22(iii) below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [].] / [Not Applicable] 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered 
Bonds: 
 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s):  
[] 
(one 
(1) 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds) (Not less 
than €1,000 or its equivalent in other 
currency at the Issue Date, when the Covered 
Bonds are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated 
Market 
of 
the 
EEA 
in 
circumstances which require the publication 
of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation)28 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[(Specify)/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year)] 
8. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
 
[[] (If applicable, specify date)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
8 bis. 
Maturity Extension Trigger Event(s): 
[Specifiy any maturity extension trigger 
                                                     
 
28 Covered Bonds denominated in Sterling in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of FSMA and having a 
maturity of less than one (1) year must have a minimum denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies).

--- Page 153 ---
153 
WS0101.36145418.1 
event(s)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR, EUR-CMS or any reference 
rate that might replace them] +/– [] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] (see paragraph [14/15/16/17] 
below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Final Maturity Date [or the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case 
may be] at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis  
(Condition 2(a)): 
 
[(Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate change occurs to refer to paragraph 16 
below and identify there)] / [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Bondholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
(see paragraph [18/19] below) 
13. 
Date of Board approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds obtained: 
 
[] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. If Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date 
is 
specified 
as 
Applicable, please specify.) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year 
[Specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable 
Business 
Centre(s) 
for 
the 
definition of "Business Day"] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per [] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Specified Denomination payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
WS0101.36145418.1 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year] / [Not Applicable] 
(Insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Final Maturity Date 
in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
15. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. If Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Date 
is 
specified 
as 
Applicable, please specify.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(v) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject 
to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[]  
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[] [Interest Payment Date / Other 
(specify)] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention (Insert "unadjusted" if the 
application of the relevant Business Day 
Convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount)] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 6(a)): [] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ 
ISDA Determination]

--- Page 155 ---
155 
WS0101.36145418.1 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Benchmark: 
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, , EUR-
CMS or any reference rate that might 
replace them] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months]) 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[] 
 
Primary Source: 
[Specify relevant screen page / Reference 
Banks] 
 
 
Reference 
Banks 
(if 
Primary 
Source 
is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
 
[(Specify four)] 
 
 
[CMS Reference Banks:29 
[]] 
 
 
[Designated Maturity:30 
[]] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[(The financial centre most closely connected 
to the Benchmark - specify if not Paris)] 
 
 
Representative Amount: 
[(Specify if screen or Reference Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a 
transaction of a specified notional amount)] 
 
 
Effective Date: 
[(Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest 
Accrual Period)] 
 
 
Specified Duration: 
[(Specify period for quotation if not duration 
of Interest Accrual Period)] 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] (If the Rate of Interest is determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of an interest 
period (as per Condition 6(c)(iii)(A), insert 
                                                     
 
29 Applicable only where the Relevant Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds is EUR-CMS. 
30 Applicable only where the Relevant Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds is EUR-CMS.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
WS0101.36145418.1 
the relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant 
two 
rates 
used 
for 
such 
determination) 
 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
[A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a 
risk-free rate] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
[In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the 
first day of the interest period] 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is selected – otherwise, 
delete) 
 
 
 [Calculation Period: 
[] 
 
 
Fixing Day: 
[] 
 
 
Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [] 
 
 
Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(b) / [] 
 
 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of 
days] (if no number is specified, the 
applicable number of days shall be five (5) 
days)] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: []

--- Page 157 ---
157 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
 
[] 
 
 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the 
relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value of the Lockout will 
be five (5)) 
 
 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity, each as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)] / [Not Applicable] ] 
 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] The Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per 
annum / Zero (0) as per Condition 6(c)] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
16. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 158 ---
158 
WS0101.36145418.1 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest 
Periods 
preceding 
the 
Switch Date or the Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable 
(excluded): 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
6(b), as though the Covered Bond was a Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond]/ [Condition 6(c), as 
though the Covered Bond was a Floating Rate 
Covered Bond] with further variables set out 
in item [] of these Final Terms 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest 
Periods 
following 
the 
Switch Date (included): 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
6(b), as though the Covered Bond was a Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond]/ [Condition 6(c), as 
though the Covered Bond was a Floating Rate 
Covered Bond] with further variables set out 
in item [] of these Final Terms 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Automatic Switch Date: 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Minimum notice period required 
for notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[] Business Days prior to the [Switch Date] 
/ [Automatic Switch Date] [Not Applicable]] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption: 
 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-
ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond: 
 
 
 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
[]  
Y= [] per cent.] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 159 ---
159 
WS0101.36145418.1 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[] 
 
[(iv) 
Notice Period: 
[] days] 
 
19. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond: 
 
 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
[]  
Y= [] per cent.] 
 
[(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[] days] 
20. 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
of 
each 
Covered Bond: 
 
[[] per Covered Bond of [] Specified 
Denomination / Specified Denomination] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each 
Covered Bond payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons, illegality or on event of 
default: 
 
 
 
[Condition 7(d) applies/Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Dematerialised 
Covered 
Bonds/ 
Materialised Covered Bonds] (Materialised 
Covered Bonds are only in bearer form) 
(Delete as appropriate) 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds: 
 
[Not Applicable / if Applicable specify 
whether bearer form (au porteur) / registered 
form (au nominatif)] 
 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent must 
be appointed in relation to Fully Registered 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds on [] (the 
"Exchange Date"), being forty (40) calendar

--- Page 160 ---
160 
WS0101.36145418.1 
days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as specified in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
23. 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
or 
other 
special 
provisions relating to payment dates for 
the purposes of Condition 8(g): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Give details. (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, 
and not the end dates of interest periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(vi) 
relates)] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds 
(and dates on which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[No/Yes/Not Applicable. As the Covered 
Bonds have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Covered Bonds) 
25. 
Masse: 
 
[[Full Masse]/[Contractual Masse] shall 
apply] 
(Insert below, as the case may be, details of 
the 
Representative 
and 
Alternative 
Representative and remuneration, if any:) 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[Name and address of the Representative: 
[●]] 
 
(ii) 
Alternate Representative: 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [●]] 
 
(iii) 
Remuneration:  
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive 
a remuneration of [●]] 
 
(iv) 
Issue outside France:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
26. 
Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification information of Bondholders 
as provided by Condition 2(a)(i): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 161 ---
161 
WS0101.36145418.1 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information regarding the securities)] has been extracted from (specify source). 
The Issuer confirms that such third party information regarding the securities has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.]31  
Signed on behalf of Arkéa Home Loans SFH: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
                                                     
 
31  Include if third party information is provided.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
WS0101.36145418.1 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange - other 
(specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
(a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the French law Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[specify 
other relevant regulated market] with effect from [].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[specify 
other relevant regulated market] with effect from [].] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[The [first/(specify)] Tranche(s) of the Covered Bonds are 
already listed as from [its/their respective] Issue Date.] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(b) Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on 
which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities 
of the same class of the 
Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading are 
already 
admitted 
to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
 
 
 
[]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
WS0101.36145418.1 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds are not expected to be rated] / [The Covered 
Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated] / [The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Covered Bonds of this 
type issued under the Programme generally]:  
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: []] 
[Moody's France S.A.S.: []] 
[[Other]: []] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider] 
[Each of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and Moody's 
France S.A.S. ("Moody's") is established in the European Union, 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 dated 16 
September 2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.] / 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European Union 
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 dated 16 September 2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority. In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered the EU CRA Regulation unless the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency operating in the European Union 
before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for 
registration in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and such 
registration is not refused.] / 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 dated 16 September 2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"), but is endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] 
which is established in the European Union, registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation and included in the list of registered credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eupage/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.] / 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 dated 16 September 2009, as amended.] 
 
[[[The rating[s] given by [] [insert credit rating agency/ies] [has

--- Page 164 ---
164 
WS0101.36145418.1 
been/will be] endorsed by [●] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")] / [[] [Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] 
certified under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] [As such, the rating[s] issued by [] [insert 
name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes 
in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.]]32 
 
 [Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating, e.g.: 
According to Moodys' rating system, obligations rated "A" are 
judged to be upper-medium grade with low credit risk. Moody's 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from "Aa" through "Caa". The modifier 1 indicates 
that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating 
category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the 
modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category. According to Fitch's rating system, "A" ratings denote 
expectations of a low level of default risk relative to other issuers or 
obligations in the same country or monetary union and "F1" 
indicates the strongest capacity for timely payment of financial 
commitments relative to other issuers or obligations in the same 
country. Under the agency’s National Rating scale, this rating is 
assigned to the lowest default risk relative to others in the same 
country or monetary union. Where the liquidity profile is 
particularly strong, a "+" is added to the assigned rating. / "BBB" 
ratings denote a moderate level of default risk relative to other 
issuers or obligations in the same country or monetary union]. 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest). May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the statement below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer(s)], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the issue. The 
[Managers/Dealer(s)] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)] 
                                                     
 
32 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and either (i) the ratings of the notes issued by 
the EEA CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA or (ii) the EEA CRA issuing the ratings of the notes is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES]33 
 
[(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Covered 
Bonds will be used for the Issuer's general 
corporate purposes.] / [Other (specify)] / [The 
net proceeds of the issue of Covered Bonds 
will be used by the Issuer to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing 
[green/social/sustainability] 
projects, 
as 
described in the relevant Final Terms and in 
the Issuer's green, social and sustainability 
bond 
framework 
(as 
amended 
and 
supplemented from time to time, the 
"Framework") which is available on the 
website 
of 
Crédit 
Mutuel 
Arkéa 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_
37866/en/page-de-contenu-green-social-
bonds) (such Covered Bonds being referred to 
as 
["Green 
Covered 
Bonds"]/["Social 
Covered Bonds"]/["Sustainability Covered 
Bonds"]) and described below: 
[Describe specific projects included in the 
Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or 
Eligible Social Loan Categories and/or 
availability of second party opinion and any 
relevant third party opinions and/or where the 
information can be obtained. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the information 
on the website of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa does 
not form part of the Final Terms and has not 
been 
scrutinised 
or 
approved 
by 
the 
competent authority.]]"  
 
[(ii) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Covered 
Bonds will be used for the Issuer's general 
corporate purposes.] / [Other (specify)] / [The 
net proceeds of the issue of Covered Bonds 
will be used by the Issuer to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing 
[green/social/sustainability] 
projects, 
as 
described in the relevant Final Terms and in 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's green, social and 
sustainability bond framework (as amended 
                                                     
 
33 Not required for Covered Bonds with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
WS0101.36145418.1 
and supplemented from time to time, the 
"Framework") which is available on the 
website 
of 
Crédit 
Mutuel 
Arkéa 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_
37866/en/page-de-contenu-green-social-
bonds) (such Covered Bonds being referred to 
as 
["Green 
Covered 
Bonds"]/["Social 
Covered Bonds"]/["Sustainability Covered 
Bonds"]) and described below: 
[Describe specific projects included in the 
Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or 
Eligible Social Loan Categories and/or 
availability of second party opinion and any 
relevant third party opinions and/or where the 
information can be obtained. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the information 
on the website of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa does 
not form part of the Final Terms and has not 
been 
scrutinised 
or 
approved 
by 
the 
competent authority.]]"]34 
 
(iii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
[(If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use will need to split out and present in order 
of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.)]35 
 
[(iv) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] (include breakdown of expenses)] 
5. 
YIELD - Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] per annum. 
 
 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES -  
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR, EUR-CMS or 
any reference rate that might replace them] 
rates can be obtained from [Reuters/[•]]. 
 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds 
will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR, 
EUR-CMS or any reference rate that might 
                                                     
 
34 Not required for Covered Bonds with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
35 Not required for Covered Bonds with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
WS0101.36145418.1 
replace them] which is provided by [the 
European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute/ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited]. As at 
[●], 
[the 
European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute/ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration 
Limited] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation, as 
amended (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [•] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
FISN Code: 
[] / [See the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN] / [Not Applicable] / [Not Available] 
 
 
CFI Code: 
[] / [See the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN] / [Not Applicable] / [Not Available] 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN are/is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be 
"Not Applicable".) 
 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
 
[Yes/No]

--- Page 168 ---
168 
WS0101.36145418.1 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] / [(give name(s) and 
number(s) and address(es))] 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable]/(give names)] 
 
(A) Names [and addresses]36 of Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas]37: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give names addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
 
(B) Date of [Subscription] Agreement:38 
[] 
 
(C) Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/(give name and address)] 
 
(iv) 
Indication of the overall amount of 
underwriting commission and of the 
placing commission:39 
 
 
[] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount 
 
(v) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[TEFRA 
C/ 
TEFRA 
D/ 
TEFRA 
not 
Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
 
Investors40: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
                                                     
 
36 Not required for Covered Bonds with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
37 Not required for Covered Bonds with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
38 Not required for Covered Bonds with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
39 Not required for Covered Bonds with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
40 The expression "Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
WS0101.36145418.1 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
 
Investors41: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
                                                     
 
41 The expression "Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 
supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
WS0101.36145418.1 
[ANNEX - ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[Issue Specific Summary to be inserted for a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency)]

--- Page 171 ---
171 
WS0101.36145418.1 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will only include 
French law Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such French law 
Covered Bonds, in the following section. 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement 
dated 25 May 2023 between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealer(s) (the "Dealer 
Agreement"), the Covered Bonds will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer(s). However, 
the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Covered Bonds directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are 
not Permanent Dealers. The Covered Bonds may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices 
related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Covered Bonds 
may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Covered Bonds to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Covered 
Bonds subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in 
connection with the Programme and the Dealers for their expenses incurred in connection with certain 
of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Covered Bonds. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Covered Bonds. The Dealer Agreement entitles 
the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Covered Bonds in certain 
circumstances prior to payment for such Covered Bonds being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply, to the best of its knowledge, with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered 
Bonds or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any 
Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons as defined 
under Regulation S except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Covered Bonds are being offered and sold outside 
the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S. The Issuer is Category 1 for the 
purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Covered Bonds having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to

--- Page 172 ---
172 
WS0101.36145418.1 
a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable 
Tranche, an offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Covered Bonds outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any 
offer to purchase the Covered Bonds, in whole or in part, for any reason.  
Materialised Covered Bonds will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical to the rules 
that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final 
Terms states that such Materialised Covered Bonds are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules 
identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such 
Materialised Covered Bonds are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but 
in circumstances in which the Covered Bonds will not constitute "registration required obligations" 
under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether TEFRA Rules are applicable and, in this case, if 
TEFRA C or D are applicable. 
European Economic Area 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a Member State except 
that, pursuant to an exemption to publish a prospectus, it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to 
the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150) natural or 
legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(c) 
other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of 
the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in 
relation to any Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to

--- Page 173 ---
173 
WS0101.36145418.1 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and the expression 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended. 
In addition to the foregoing, the following provisions shall apply in respect of the following Member 
States of the EEA. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail" investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 174 ---
174 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Public offer selling restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in 
relation to any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and the expression "UK Prospectus 
Regulation" means the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA) by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 175 ---
175 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealer(s) and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it undertakes to comply with 
applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the 
Covered Bonds and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material 
relating to the Covered Bonds. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each of the Dealers has 
represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to a resident in Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any 
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
WS0101.36145418.1 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will only include 
French law Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such French law 
Covered Bonds, in the following section, except as otherwise specified. 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer, nor of 
the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. 
(2) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Arkéa Home Loans SFH is 9695003L69OAFQ15LD18. 
(3) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and 
authorisations in France in connection with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of 
Covered Bonds under the Programme, to the extent that such Covered Bonds constitute 
obligations under French law, requires the prior authorisation of the board of directors 
(conseil d'administration) of the Issuer, which may delegate its power to any person of its 
choice. 
For this purpose, on 8 December 2022, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of 
the Issuer has delegated, for a period of one year from 1 January 2023, to the Chief executive 
officer (directeur général) and to the Vice chief executive officer (directeur général 
délégué), the power to decide the issue of bonds (obligations) under the Programme, up to a 
maximum aggregate amount of € 3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency) 
and, to determine the final terms and conditions of such bonds (obligations).   
(4) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 
31 December 2022 
(5) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group since 
31 December  2022. 
(6) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2022.  
(7) 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous twelve (12) months, which 
may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
(8) 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus in sections "The Issuer" on pages 98 to 108, 
"Material Contracts" on pages 118 to 127, "Asset Monitoring" on pages 128 to 137 and 
"Cash Flow" on pages 138 to 143, there are no material contracts that are not entered into 
the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business which could result in any member of Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligation to Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds being issued. 
(9) 
Application may be made for Covered Bonds to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear 
(boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgique) and Clearstream (42 avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg) which are entities in charge of keeping the

--- Page 177 ---
177 
WS0101.36145418.1 
records. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or 
the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Covered 
Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as 
central depositary). Dematerialised Covered Bonds which are in registered form (au 
nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or with the Registration Agent. The 
address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
(10) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in 
respect to such Covered Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is 
calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. The yield will be calculated as 
the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an 
indication of future yield.  
(11) 
The Issuer does not produce consolidated financial statements. 
(12) 
This Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). The Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto published 
from time to time) and the Final Terms related to Covered Bonds admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be 
published on the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and/or of 
the 
Crédit 
Mutuel 
Arkéa 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5039/fr/home-loans-sfh), 
in 
each case in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
In addition, should the Covered Bonds be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the 
EEA other than the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those Covered Bonds will provide 
whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website 
of (x) the Regulated Market of the Member State where the Covered Bonds have been 
admitted to trading or offered to the public and/or (y) the competent authority of the Member 
State where the Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading or offered to the public and/or 
(z) 
Crédit 
Mutuel 
Arkéa 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5039/fr/home-loans-sfh). 
(13) 
So long as Covered Bonds are capable of being issued under the Base Prospectus, copies of 
the following documents will, when published, be available during normal business hours on 
any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the registered office of 
the Issuer and and, with respect to the documents listed in paragraphs (a), (b) and (d) to (f) 
below, on the website of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (http://www.arkea.com) : 
(a) 
the 
statuts 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2020-
03/statuts_arkea_home_loans_sfh_25032019.pdf), for information purposes only; 
(b) 
the 2022 Annual Financial Report and the 2021 Annual Financial Report; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the 
Temporary Global Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, the 
Coupons, the Talons, the form of terms and conditions of the German law Covered 
Bonds and the form of Assignment of the German law Covered Bonds);

--- Page 178 ---
178 
WS0101.36145418.1 
(d) 
Final Terms for Covered Bonds that are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and traded on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any other Regulated Market; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or further Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is 
included or referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
(14) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, 
if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) 
calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
shall be conducted by the Stabilising Manager (or person acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(15) 
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR or EUR-CMS which are provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
("EMMI") (with respect to EURIBOR) and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
("ICE") (with respect to EUR-CMS) or other reference rates, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 
36 of the Benchmarks Regulation and ICE appears on the Financial Conduct Authority's 
benchmarks administrators register under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify the administrator of any relevant benchmark used as a reference under the Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds and whether or not such administrator appears on the above mentioned 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA or the 
FCA register referred to above.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
WS0101.36145418.1 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) may contain certain 
statements that are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer’s business 
strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and 
technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all 
statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project", 
"anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Prospective 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only 
as of the date hereof.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
WS0101.36145418.1 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In connection with French law Covered Bonds admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, unless the 
Issuer does not intend to issue French law Covered Bonds under the Programme for the time being, if 
at any time during the duration of the Programme a significant change affecting any matter contained 
in this Base Prospectus, or generally any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which 
may affect the assessment of the French law Covered Bonds arises or is noted, the Issuer shall prepare 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 or publish 
a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the French law 
Covered Bonds, submit such Supplement to the Base Prospectus to the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier in Luxembourg for approval and supply each Dealer, the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg with such 
number of copies of such Supplement to the Base Prospectus as may reasonably be requested.  
In accordance with and pursuant to Articles 23.2 and 23.2.a of the Prospectus Regulation, where the 
relevant Final Terms relate to an offer of Covered Bonds to the public, investors who have already 
agreed to purchase or subscribe for Covered Bonds before any Supplement is published have the right, 
exercisable within two (2) working days after the publication of such Supplement, to withdraw their 
acceptance provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to 
in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period 
or the delivery of the Covered Bonds, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the 
Issuer. The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the Supplement. On 25 May 2024, 
this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Any Supplement shall be (a) published on the websites of (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and/or 
(ii) 
Crédit 
Mutuel 
Arkéa 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_6961/fr/analystes-et-investisseurs-dette-home-loans-sfh-
page-de-contenu?isAccepte=1&ty=1684700800718 ) in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
WS0101.36145418.1 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS  
 
€ 6 
2006 ISDA Definitions ...................................................... 62 
2011 Covered Bonds Conditions ...................................... 48 
2013 Covered Bonds Conditions ...................................... 48 
2015 Covered Bonds Conditions ...................................... 49 
2017 Covered Bonds Conditions ...................................... 49 
2018 Covered Bonds Conditions ...................................... 49 
2020 Annual Financial Report ......................................... 48 
2020 Auditors' Report ...................................................... 48 
2020 Covered Bonds Conditions ...................................... 49 
2020 Financial Statements ............................................... 48 
2021 Annual Financial Report ......................................... 48 
2021 Auditors' Report ...................................................... 48 
2021 Covered Bonds Conditions ...................................... 49 
2021 Financial Statements ............................................... 48 
2021 ISDA Definitions ...................................................... 62 
2022 Annual Financial Report ......................................... 48 
2022 Auditors' Report ...................................................... 48 
2022 Financial Statements ............................................... 48 
30E/360 .............................................................................. 64 
A 129 
A1 129 
A2 130 
Account Holder ................................................................. 56 
Actual/360 ......................................................................... 63 
Actual/365 ......................................................................... 62 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ............................................................ 63 
Actual/365-FBF ................................................................. 62 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ........................................................ 62 
Actual/Actual-ISDA ......................................................... 62 
Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA) ................ 129 
Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount 129 
Adjustment Spread ........................................................... 73 
Administrative Agreement ............................................. 118 
Administrative and Tax Costs ....................................... 140 
Administrator ................................................................. 118 
Agency Agreement ............................................................ 52 
Aggregate Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount
 .................................................................................... 136 
Aggregate Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount 
(ACBOPA) ................................................................. 128 
Aggregate Substitution Asset Amount (ASAA) ............ 130 
All Sums Mortgage ........................................................... 31 
Alternative Rate ................................................................ 73 
Amortisation Ratio (RA) ................................................ 135 
Amortisation Test ........................................................... 128 
Amortisation Test Calculation Period .......................... 135 
Amortisation Test Date .................................................. 135 
Amortisation Yield ........................................................... 79 
Amortised Nominal Amount ............................................ 79 
Applicable Deemed Reductions ..................................... 129 
Asset Cover Ratio ........................................................... 128 
Asset Cover Test ............................................................. 128 
Asset Cover Test Calculation Period ............................ 128 
Asset Cover Test Date .................................................... 128 
Asset Monitor .................................................................. 127 
Asset Monitor Agreement .............................................. 127 
Asset Percentage ............................................................. 130 
Auto-held Covered Bonds ................................................ 94 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis ................................ 75 
Automatic Switch Date ..................................................... 75 
Available Funds .............................................................. 138 
B 130 
Bank .................................................................................. 85 
Base III ............................................................................ 115 
Base Prospectus ........................................................ 53, 151 
Base Prospectus .............................................................. 151 
Belgian Mobilisation Act ................................................. 28 
Belgian Mortgage Act ...................................................... 31 
Benchmark ........................................................................ 62 
Benchmark Event ............................................................. 73 
Benchmarks Regulation ................................................... 36 
Bondholder ....................................................................... 53 
Borrower ................................................................... 18, 118 
Borrower Advance ......................................................... 118 
Borrower Enforcement Notice ...................................... 120 
Borrower Event of Default ............................................ 118 
Borrower Facility ............................................................. 18 
Borrower Facility Agreement ........................................ 118 
Borrower Facility Commitment .................................... 118 
Breach of Amortisation Test ......................................... 137 
Breach of Asset Cover Test............................................ 133 
Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement
 .................................................................................... 124 
Breach of Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio
 .................................................................................... 133 
Breach of Pre-Maturity Test ......................................... 135 
Broken Amount ................................................................ 66 
Business Centre(s) ............................................................ 62 
Business Day ............................................................... 62, 85 
C 130 
C Rules ...................................................................... 17, 172 
Calculation Agent ....................................................... 67, 69 
Calculation Agent(s) ......................................................... 52 
Calculation Period ............................................................ 62 
Carrying Cost ................................................................. 132 
Cash Collateral ............................................................... 123 
Cash Collateral Account ................................................ 123 
Cash Collateral Agreement ........................................... 123 
Cash Collateral Funding Notice .................................... 134 
Cash Collateral Provider ......................................... 18, 123 
Change of Interest Basis .................................................. 75 
Clearstream ............................................................ 1, 56, 96 
Closing Date ...................................................................... 53 
Code ............................................................................... 4, 17 
Collateral Providers ....................................................... 121 
Collateral Security ......................................................... 121 
Collateral Security Agreement ...................................... 121 
Collateral Security Assets .............................................. 121 
Collection Loss Reserve Account .................................. 123 
Collection Loss Trigger Event ....................................... 123 
Collective Decisions .......................................................... 86 
Common Depositary ........................................................ 96 
Compounding with Lockout ............................................ 69 
Compounding with Lookback ......................................... 69 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift ................ 69 
Conditions ........................................................... 52, 53, 151 
Couponholders ................................................................. 52 
Coupons ............................................................................ 52 
Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount ............ 132 
Covered Bond Principal Amount .................................. 135 
Covered Bonds .............................................................. 1, 92 
Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event ...................... 54 
Covered Bonds Directive ........................................... 1, 109

--- Page 182 ---
182 
WS0101.36145418.1 
CRBF Regulation.............................................................. 23 
CRD IV ............................................................................ 115 
CRD IV Package ............................................................. 115 
CRD IV Revision ............................................................ 116 
CRD V ............................................................................. 116 
CRD V Package .............................................................. 116 
Crédit Mutuel Aarkéa ...................................................... 99 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group .......................................... 121 
Crédit Mutuel Entity ...................................................... 121 
CRR ................................................................................. 115 
CRR Revision .................................................................. 116 
CRR V ............................................................................. 116 
CSSF .................................................................................... 1 
D 132 
D Rules ...................................................................... 17, 172 
Day Count Fraction .......................................................... 62 
Dealer Agreement ........................................................... 171 
Dealer(s) .............................................................................. 8 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds ................ 1, 56, 96 
Delayed Payment .............................................................. 69 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds ............................. 1, 14, 56 
Designated Maturity ............................................. 67, 69, 76 
Determination Date .......................................................... 63 
Determination Period ....................................................... 63 
distributor ........................................................................... 4 
EEA ................................................................................ 1, 53 
Effective Date .............................................................. 64, 69 
Electronic Consent ............................................................ 88 
Eligible ............................................................................. 121 
Eligible Asset ................................................................... 121 
Eligible Green Loan Categories....................................... 95 
Eligible Social Loan Categories ....................................... 95 
Eligible Substitution Asset ............................................. 131 
EMMI .............................................................................. 178 
Engagement Letter ......................................................... 127 
ESMA .................................................................................. 1 
EU CRA Regulation ........................................................... 1 
EUR ..................................................................................... 6 
EUR-CMS ......................................................................... 62 
EURIBOR ......................................................................... 62 
euro ...................................................................................... 6 
Euro ..................................................................................... 6 
Euro Zone .......................................................................... 64 
Eurobond Basis ................................................................. 64 
Euroclear ................................................................. 1, 56, 96 
Exchange Date .................................................................. 97 
Exercise Notice .................................................................. 79 
Extended Final Maturity Date ......................................... 82 
Extension of the Maturity ................................................ 82 
Final Maturity Date .................................................... 10, 78 
Final Terms ................................................................... 1, 52 
Financial Centre(s) ........................................................... 85 
Fiscal Agent ....................................................................... 52 
Fitch ............................................................................... 1, 56 
Fixed Coupon Amount ..................................................... 66 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds ............................................... 57 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds ............................... 57 
Floating Rate ............................................................... 67, 69 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds .......................................... 57 
Floating Rate Option .................................................. 67, 69 
Framework ........................................................................ 95 
French law Covered Bonds ................................................ 1 
General Meeting ............................................................... 87 
German law Covered Bonds ............................................ 53 
German law Covered Bonds .............................................. 1 
Green Covered Bonds ...................................................... 95 
Home Loan ...................................................................... 122 
Home Loan Eligibility Criteria ..................................... 121 
Home Loan Guarantee ................................................... 123 
Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount ........ 129, 136 
Home Loan Security....................................................... 122 
ICE .................................................................................. 178 
Index ................................................................................ 129 
Indexed Valuation .......................................................... 129 
Insolvency Event............................................................. 120 
interest ............................................................................... 86 
Interest Accrual Period .................................................... 64 
Interest Amount ............................................................... 64 
Interest Commencement Date ......................................... 64 
Interest Determination Date ............................................ 64 
Interest Payment Date ..................................................... 65 
Interest Period .................................................................. 65 
Interest Period Date ......................................................... 65 
Investor's Currency ......................................................... 43 
ISDA Definitions............................................................... 65 
ISDA Rate ................................................................... 67, 68 
Issuer ............................................................................. 1, 52 
Issuer Accounts............................................................... 125 
Issuer Accounts Agreement ........................................... 125 
Issuer Accounts Bank..................................................... 125 
Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event ............... 126 
Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event ................... 125 
Issuer Accounts Bank's Default .................................... 125 
Issuer Calculation Agent ............................................... 127 
Issuer Cash Accounts ..................................................... 125 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis ....................................... 75 
Issuer Enforcement Notice .............................................. 86 
Issuer Event of Default .................................................... 53 
Issuer General Account ................................................. 125 
Issuer Independent Representative ............................... 105 
Issuer Securities Accounts ............................................. 125 
Legal Liquidity Reserve ................................................. 114 
Legal Substitution Assets ............................................... 112 
Lender ....................................................................... 18, 118 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio .............................................. 115 
local time ........................................................................... 65 
Lockout ............................................................................. 69 
Lockout Period Business Day .......................................... 69 
Lookback .......................................................................... 69 
LTV Cut-Off Percentage ............................................... 129 
Majority Bondholders ...................................................... 54 
Masse ........................................................................... 14, 86 
Materialised Covered Bonds ................................. 1, 14, 56 
Maturity Extension Trigger Event .................................. 10 
Maturity Extension Trigger Event .................................. 82 
Member State ..................................................................... 1 
MiFID II .............................................................................. 4 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ................................... 4 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio ............... 113 
Moody's ......................................................................... 1, 56 
Mortgage ......................................................................... 123 
Mortgage Mandate ........................................................... 30 
Net Stable Funding Ratio .............................................. 115 
Non Compliance with Amortisation Test ..................... 137 
Non-Compliance with Asset Cover Test ....................... 132 
Observation Period Shift ................................................. 69 
OIS Compounding ........................................................... 69 
Optional Redemption ....................................................... 11 
Optional Redemption Amount ........................................ 80 
Optional Redemption Date .............................................. 78 
Original Foreclosure Value ........................................... 130 
Original Market Value ................................................... 130 
Original Reference Rate .................................................. 74 
Outstanding ...................................................................... 54

--- Page 183 ---
183 
WS0101.36145418.1 
Overcollateralisation Ratio ............................................ 113 
Overnight Floating Rate Option ...................................... 69 
Paying Agents ................................................................... 52 
Payment Date .................................................................... 55 
Period End Date ................................................................ 69 
Permanent Dealer(s) ........................................................... 8 
Pre-Maturity Costs ......................................................... 134 
Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Interest Amount ............. 134 
Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event ....................... 134 
Pre-Maturity Rating Required Levels .......................... 134 
Pre-Maturity Test ........................................................... 134 
Pre-Maturity Test Period ............................................... 135 
Price Indexed Valuation ................................................. 130 
PRIIPs Regulation .............................................................. 5 
principal ...................................................................... 85, 86 
Principal Financial Centre ............................................... 70 
Privilège ................................................................. 1, 58, 113 
Privileged Creditors ....................................................... 140 
Programme.......................................................................... 1 
Programme Documents .................................................... 55 
Promise of Mortgage ........................................................ 30 
Prospectus Regulation ...................................... 1, 3, 53, 151 
Rate of Interest ................................................................. 65 
Rating Affirmation ........................................................... 55 
Rating Agencies ............................................................ 1, 56 
Reference Banks ............................................................... 65 
Reference Rate Determination Agent ............................. 74 
Registration Agent ............................................................ 56 
Regulated Market ......................................................... 1, 56 
Regulation S ........................................................................ 4 
Release Without Discharge Event ................................. 124 
Relevant Date .................................................................... 65 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................................... 65 
Relevant Home Loans .................................................... 130 
Relevant Nominating Body .............................................. 74 
Relevant Rate .................................................................... 65 
Relevant Time ................................................................... 65 
Relevant Transferred Home Loan ................................ 136 
Relevant Undertaking ...................................................... 58 
Representative ............................................................ 14, 86 
Representative Amount .................................................... 65 
Representative Consent .................................................... 56 
Reset Date .................................................................... 67, 69 
Risk Factors ........................................................................ 2 
Secured Liabilities .................................................... 18, 121 
Securities Act ...................................................................... 4 
Selection Date ................................................................. 128 
Series ......................................................................... 1, 9, 52 
Set in Advance .................................................................. 69 
SFH Law ........................................................................... 98 
SFH Legal Framework .................................................. 109 
Share Capital Proceeds Account ................................... 125 
Shared Mortgage .............................................................. 31 
Shareholder Letter of Undertaking .............................. 102 
Signing Date .................................................................... 118 
Social Covered Bonds....................................................... 95 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds ....................................... 10, 135 
Specified Currency ........................................................... 66 
Specified Duration ............................................................ 66 
Stabilising Manager(s) ................................................... 178 
Sterling ................................................................................ 6 
Subordinated Loans ....................................................... 102 
Successor Rate .................................................................. 75 
Supplement ..................................................................... 180 
Sustainability Bonds ......................................................... 95 
Swap Transaction ....................................................... 67, 69 
Swiss Francs........................................................................ 6 
Switch Date ....................................................................... 75 
T2 Business Day................................................................ 62 
T2 System .......................................................................... 62 
Talons ................................................................................ 52 
TEFRA ...................................................................... 17, 172 
Temporary Global Certificate ........................................... 1 
Temporary Global Certificate ......................................... 96 
Tranche ......................................................................... 1, 52 
Transferred Aggregate Asset Amount (TAAA') .......... 136 
Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount
 .................................................................................... 136 
U.S. Dollar ........................................................................... 6 
UK ....................................................................................... 1 
UK CRA Regulation .......................................................... 1 
WAM ............................................................................... 132 
WARR ............................................................................. 130 
Written Unanimous Decision .......................................... 87 
Y 132 
Yen ....................................................................................... 6 
Z 132 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds .......................................... 57

--- Page 184 ---
WS0101.36145418.1 
 
Issuer 
 
Arkéa Home Loans SFH 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon 
France 
 
Arranger 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon 
France 
 
Permanent Dealer 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon 
France 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Paris Paying Agent,  
Calculation Agent in respect of the French law Covered Bonds 
 
BNP Paribas 
Corporate Trust Services 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin  
9 rue du Débarcadère  
93500 Pantin  
France 
 
Luxembourg Listing Agent in respect of the French law Covered Bonds 
 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Corporate Trust Services  
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
Postal address: L-2085 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
6 place de la Pyramide 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex France 
 
Mazars 
61 rue Henri Régnault 
92075 Paris La Défense 
France 
 
Specific Controller and Substitute Specific Controller to the Issuer 
 
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés 
(represented by Laurent Brun) 
19 rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Rémi Savournin 
19 rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France 
Legal Adviser to the Arranger and to the Permanent Dealer 
 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15 rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Asset Monitor 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
185 avenue Charles de Gaulle 
92524 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France