--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 28 July 2023 
WS0101.34634115.1 
 
 
Arkéa Public Sector SCF 
(société de crédit foncier duly licensed as a French specialised credit institution) 
 
€10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
for the issue of obligations foncières and other privileged notes 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (as defined below), 
Arkéa Public Sector SCF (the "Issuer") société anonyme (public limited company) incorporated under French law duly licensed 
as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of société de crédit foncier (the "SCF") 
delivered by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the "ACPR") and is governed by Articles L. 513-1 et seq. of 
the Code monétaire et financier (the "French Monetary and Financial Code"), as amended from time to time, in particular as 
they have been amended by the relevant provisions of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 which 
transposes under French law Directive (EU) no. 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 
2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the 
"Covered Bonds Directive"). Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the Issuer may from time 
to time issue French law obligations foncières or German law registered notes (Namensschuldverschreibungen), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) (respectively, the "French law Privileged Notes" and the "German law Privileged 
Notes" and together, the "Privileged Notes"), benefiting from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by 
Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, as more fully described herein.  
The aggregate nominal amount of all Privileged Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed 
€10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the issue of any Privileged Notes). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base 
Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as 
competent authority in Luxembourg under the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (loi du 
16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) (the "Luxembourg Law") which implements the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. In line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law, the CSSF assumes no 
responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the Privileged Notes and the quality or solvency of the Issuer and 
such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. This Base Prospectus 
shall be valid for admission to trading of Privileged Notes on a Regulated Market and/or the offering of Privileged Notes to the 
public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 28 July 2024, provided that it is 
completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant 
new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for French law Privileged Notes issued under the Programme 
during a period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"), 
appearing on the list of regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (each a 
"Regulated Market"). French law Privileged Notes may also be unlisted or listed or admitted to trading on any other market or 
stock exchange, including any other Regulated Market of any Member State, and/or offered to the public in France pursuant to a 
non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The relevant final terms in respect of the issue of any 
Privileged Notes (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not French law Privileged Notes will be listed or admitted to 
trading on any market in any Member State (and, if so, the relevant market) and/or offered to the public in France pursuant to a 
non-exempt offer. The German law Privileged Notes will not be admitted to trading nor listed on any market or stock exchange 
and will not be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any jurisdiction.The approval by the CSSF of this Base 
Prospectus is only applicable for French law Privileged Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and/or offered to the public in France pursuant to a non-exempt offer, and is not relevant, in any case, for 
German law Privileged Notes, as German law Privileged Notes will not be listed or admitted to trading on any market or 
stock exchange, nor offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer.

--- Page 2 ---
WS0101.34634115.1 
French law Privileged Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Privileged Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Privileged Notes") as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Privileged Notes will at all 
times be in book-entry form in compliance with articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Privileged Notes. Dematerialised 
Privileged Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue 
date in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as 
defined in section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes - Form, Denomination and Title") including 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"), or (ii) in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in 
section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes - Definitions"), in either fully registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent 
(appointed in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of an Account Holder designated by the relevant 
Noteholder.  
Materialised Privileged Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary 
global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued 
in relation to Materialised Privileged Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive 
Materialised Privileged Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the "Definitive Materialised 
Privileged Notes"), on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the 
French law Privileged Notes (subject to postponement as described in section "Temporary Global Certificate in respect of 
Materialised Privileged Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in section "Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Privileged Notes") intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system 
other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). In the case of a Tranche which is not intended to be cleared notably 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, the French law Privileged Notes of such Tranche cannot be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and traded on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
German law Privileged Notes will be issued in materialised registered and definitive form only, as more fully described in the 
amended and restated agency agreement dated the date thereof. German law Privileged Notes will not be deposited with a 
central depositary and cannot be transferred or cleared via a clearing system. 
Privileged Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated Aaa by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's" or the "Rating 
Agency"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Rating Agency is established in the European Union, registered under 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 dated 16 September 2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and is included in the list 
of 
registered 
credit 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority's 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings 
of the Privileged Notes issued under the Programme by Moody's are expected to be endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the United Kingdom (the "UK") or certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, the ratings 
to be issued by Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation. Privileged Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or not rated. The rating of the Privileged Notes (if 
any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Priviliged Notes to be issued under the Programme are eligible to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label 
(label “obligation garantie européenne de qualité supérieure"). However, no representation is made or assurance given 
that any Note will actually remain eligible to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their maturity. 
See section "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Privileged Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. 
 
ARRANGER AND PERMANENT DEALER 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
 
PERMANENT DEALER 
CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA

--- Page 3 ---
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time) 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains or 
incorporates by reference all necessary information concerning the Issuer which is material for making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profit and losses, financial position and prospects of the 
Issuer, as well as the base terms and conditions of the French law Privileged Notes to be issued under the 
Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as defined in section "General 
Description of the Programme") not contained herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal 
amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (the "Dealer(s)") at the time of the issue and will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. References to the Dealers are to the Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed 
as a dealer in respect of one (1) or more tranches of French law Privileged Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with (i) any document and/or information 
which is or may be incorporated herein by reference in accordance with Article 27 of the Luxembourg 
Law and Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation (see section "Documents incorporated by Reference" 
below), (ii) any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time, together with any document 
incorporated by reference therein and (iii) in relation to any Tranche of Privileged Notes, the relevant 
Final Terms. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference 
(see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time) 
may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published.  
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale 
of the Privileged Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Privileged Notes may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Privileged Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is 
intended to permit an offer of any Privileged Notes to the public or distribution of this Base Prospectus in 
any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Privileged Note may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Privileged Notes may come are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to 
inform themselves of, and to observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offering and sale of Privileged Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Privileged Notes in the United States of America, Japan, the 
United Kingdom or the EEA (including France, Italy, the Netherlands and the Federal Republic of 
Germany (see section "Subscription and Sale"). 
The Privileged Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States of America and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold 
within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). The Privileged Notes may include Materialised 
Privileged Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Privileged Notes may not be offered or sold or, in the case of Materialised Privileged Notes 
in bearer form, delivered within the United States of America or, in the case of certain Materialised 
Privileged Notes in bearer form, to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons as defined in

--- Page 4 ---
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Privileged Notes are being offered and sold 
outside the United States of America to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S.  
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des marchés 
financiers in France. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any Privileged Notes.  
NOTICE 
Each prospective investor in the Privileged Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
(i) 
be (or be advised by) financial institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Privileged Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Privileged Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms;  
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial condition, an investment in the relevant Privileged Notes and the impact the 
relevant Privileged Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Privileged Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the prospective investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Privileged Notes and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant rates and financial markets;  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks;  
(vi) 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Privileged Notes are legal 
investments for it, (ii) Privileged Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing, (iii) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Privileged Notes and financial should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Privileged Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Neither the Issuer, the 
Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for (i) the lawfulness of 
the acquisition of the Privileged Notes by a prospective investor in the Privileged Notes, whether 
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if 
different), or (ii) compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory 
policy applicable to it; and 
(vii) 
ensure that, in terms of any legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor, it complies 
with existing restrictions (if any) on its ability to invest in Privileged Notes generally and in any 
particular type of Privileged Notes. 
A prospective investor should not invest in Privileged Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Privileged Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Privileged Notes and the 
impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The tax legislation of the investors' member state and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have 
an impact on the income received from the Privileged Notes. 
Prospective purchasers and sellers of the Privileged Notes should be aware that they may be required to 
pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the 
jurisdiction where the Privileged Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no 
official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial notes such as the 
Privileged Notes. Prospective investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their 
individual taxation with respect to the subscription, acquisition, disposal, sale and redemption of the 
Privileged Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the 
prospective investor.

--- Page 5 ---
The credit ratings that may be assigned by one or more independent credit rating agencies to the 
Privileged Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Privileged Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal by the assigning rating agency at any time and without prior notice.  
The credit ratings address, in respect of the Rating Agency, the expected loss which the investors are 
exposed to in respect of the Privileged Notes. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Privileged Notes will include a legend entitled " MiFID II product governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Privileged Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the Privileged Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Privileged Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Privileged 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Privileged Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in 
respect of such Privileged Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Privileged Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Privileged Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the 
FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which 
channels for distribution of the Privileged Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Privileged Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Privileged Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Privileged Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Privileged Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs REGULATION / IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Privileged Note include a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA 
retail investors", the Privileged Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information 
documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products, as amended (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Privileged Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Privileged Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION / IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
– The Privileged Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing 
MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the

--- Page 6 ---
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets 
in financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Privileged Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Privileged Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any Privileged Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any 
information incorporated by reference herein) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Privileged Notes. Each prospective investor in Privileged Notes should determine for itself the relevance of 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of 
Privileged Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither the Arranger nor 
any of the Dealers undertake to review the financial or general condition of the Issuer during the life of 
the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or prospective investor 
in the Privileged Notes of any information that may come to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. Any websites referred to in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not 
form part of the Base Prospectus.  
None of the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or the Issuer makes any representation to any prospective investor on 
the Covered Bonds regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any prospective 
investor in the Covered Bonds should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds for an indefinite period of time. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds (as defined herein), including the listing or admission to 
trading thereof on any dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment 
of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green criteria required by any prospective 
investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria for eligible green assets, social assets or a combination of both, any 
verification of whether the eligible green assets, social assets or a combination of both, meet such criteria 
or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds (or 
amounts equal thereto). Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the 
suitability or contents of the Framework (as defined herein) and the second party opinion delivered by 
Vigeo Eiris. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"Euro", "euro", "EUR" or "€" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union 
that have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended, references to "£", "GBP", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "U.S. Dollar" are to the lawful currency 
of the United States of America, references to "¥", "Yen", "yen" and "JPY" and are to the lawful 
currency of Japan and references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency of the Helvetic 
Confederation.

--- Page 7 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................... 17 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS ................. 33 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................ 35 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................... 36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW PRIVILEGED NOTES ........... 38 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
PRIVILEGED NOTES .......................................................................................................... 77 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................. 78 
MAIN FEATURES OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO 
SOCIÉTÉS DE CRÉDIT FONCIER ..................................................................................... 79 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................... 85 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ARKÉA PUBLIC 
SECTOR SCF AND CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA .............................................................. 92 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................... 93 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS .................................................................................. 97 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION .................................................................................. 118 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................. 127 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................. 132 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................................... 136

--- Page 8 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Privileged Notes, the relevant Final Terms. The Privileged Notes will be issued on such terms as shall 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions set out 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
This section "General Description of the Programme" constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. 
It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 
of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes" below 
shall have the same meanings in this general description. Unless otherwise specified, the expression "Privileged 
Notes" shall include the French law Privileged Notes and the German law Privileged Notes to the extent 
permitted by the terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Privileged Notes. 
Issuer: 
Arkéa Public Sector SCF, limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under 
French law duly licensed as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit 
spécialisé) with the status of société de crédit foncier (the "SCF") delivered by the Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the "ACPR"). As a result of the entry into force on 1 
January 2014 of the Ordinance no. 2013-544 dated 27 June 2013 relating to credit 
institutions and financing companies, the Issuer became a specialised credit institution 
(établissement de crédit spécialisé) as from 1 January 2014. 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI"): 
9695002BGH4R9KJFC936 
Arranger: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
Dealers: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Crédit Mutuel Arkéa. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer under the 
Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one (1) or more Tranches or in 
respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent 
Dealers" are to the person referred to above as Dealer and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one (1) or more Tranches. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issue of French law 
obligations foncières and German law registered notes (Namensschuldverschreibungen) 
(respectively, the "French law Privileged Notes" and the "German law Privileged Notes" 
and together, the "Privileged Notes") (as described herein). Under the Programme, the 
Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, from 
time to time, issue Privileged Notes the principal and interest of which benefit from the 
statutory priority right of payment (privilège) (the "Privilège") created by Article L.513-11 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (for further description, see section "Main 
features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier"). 
Programme 
Limit: 
 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of signing of the 
issue of any Privileged Notes) aggregate nominal amount of Privileged Notes outstanding at 
any one time, or such other amount as may be agreed from time to time between the Issuer 
and the Permanent Dealers. 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
and 
Paris 
Paying Agent in 
respect of the 
Uptevia

--- Page 9 ---
French 
law 
Privileged 
Notes: 
Luxembourg 
Paying 
Agent 
and 
Luxembourg 
Listing Agent in 
respect of the 
French 
law 
Privileged 
Notes: 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch  
Calculation 
Agent in respect 
of the French 
law 
Privileged 
Notes: 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch, unless the Final Terms provide otherwise. 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the 
Privileged Notes and material for the purpose of assessing the market risk associated with 
the Privileged Notes. Such risks may alter its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Privileged Notes towards investors. These are set out under the section entitled "Risk 
Factors" of this Base Prospectus 
Method 
of 
Issue: 
The Privileged Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Series 
and 
Tranches: 
The Privileged Notes will be issued in Series having one (1) or more issue date(s). The 
Privileged Notes of each Series will be interchangeable with all other Privileged Notes of 
that Series. 
Each Series of Privileged Notes may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue 
dates and on terms identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and aggregate nominal amount 
of the Tranche. The specific terms of each Tranche of Privileged Notes will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final 
terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). 
Final Maturity 
Date: 
 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the Privileged Notes 
may have any maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Maturity Date"), 
subject to such minimum maturity as may be required by the applicable legal and/or 
regulatory requirements. 
Extended Final 
Maturity Date: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives (and if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms of a Series of Privileged Notes in accordance with Condition 
7(a)), upon the occurrence of any of the maturity extension trigger event(s) complying with 
the conditions set out in Articles L. 513-2 and R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code specified in the relevant Final Terms (a "Maturity Extension Trigger 
Event"), the Final Maturity Date of the Privileged Notes may be extended automatically 
(the "Extended Final Maturity Date") (each such Privileged Notes being referred to as 
Privileged Notes with soft bullet maturity (the "Soft Bullet Privileged Notes")).   
Currencies 
 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Privileged Notes 
may be issued in Euro, Sterling, U.S. Dollar, Yen, Swiss Francs and in any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Payments in respect of Privileged Notes may, subject to compliance with the 
aforesaid, be made in any currency other than the currency in which such Privileged Notes 
are denominated. 
Denomination(s
): 
 
The Privileged Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of all French law Privileged Notes 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public to the public pursuant 
to a non-exempt offer in France will be of €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at 
the date of the issue of such French law Privileged Notes) or such higher amount as may be

--- Page 10 ---
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Privileged Notes (including 
Privileged Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended, must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the issue of such Privileged Notes). 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes shall be issued in one (1) denomination only. 
Status: 
The Privileged Notes, and, where applicable, any related Coupons and Receipts will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant to the provisions relating to 
the Privilège described in Condition 5, privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank and will 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all 
other present or future notes (including the Privileged Notes of all other Series) and other 
resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège (including the German law 
Privileged Notes). The principal and interest of the Privileged Notes benefit from the 
Privilège and the Noteholders shall benefit from all the rights set out in Article L.513-11 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code and the Noteholders shall benefit from all the 
rights set out in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.  
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, notwithstanding 
any legal provisions to the contrary and in particular the provisions of book VI (Livre VI) of 
the French Commercial Code relating to the difficulties of companies (difficultés des 
entreprises): 
- 
the sums resulting from loans or assimilated receivables, exposures, titles and 
securities referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of French Monetary and 
Financial Code and from the financial instruments used for hedging as referred to in 
Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (in each case after any 
applicable set-off), together with the claims in respect of deposits made by the Issuer 
with credit institutions, are allocated by way of priority to the payment of any sums 
due in relation to the Privileged Notes, to other resources benefiting from the 
Privilège, as mentioned in Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, to derivatives transactions used for hedging, under the condition of Article 
L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and to ancillary expenses 
relating to the transactions referred to in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code; 
- 
in case of safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) against the 
Issuer, or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer, the amounts regularly originated 
from the operations referred to in paragraph 2 of I of Article L.513-2 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code are paid on their respective contractual due date, and 
by way of priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including 
interests resulting from agreements whatever their duration is. No other creditor of 
the Issuer may avail itself of any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer until 
creditors benefiting from the Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code have been fully paid off, either in principal or accrued 
or future interest; and 
- 
neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code against the Issuer will result in the acceleration of payment of 
Privileged Notes and other debts benefiting from the Privilège defined in Article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
See section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes - Privilège" and 
"Main features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier". 
Negative 
None.

--- Page 11 ---
Pledge: 
Events 
of 
Default: 
None. 
Redemption 
Amount: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will specify the final redemption amounts 
payable. 
Final 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below pursuant to any 
Issuer's or Noteholders' option in accordance with Condition 7(c) or 7(d), each Privileged 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Final Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Final Maturity Date") (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may 
be) specified in the relevant Final Terms at its final redemption amount (the "Final 
Redemption Amount") (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the 
case of Privileged Notes falling within Condition 7(b), its final Instalment Amount. 
An Extended Final Maturity Date may be specified in the relevant Final Terms with respect 
to the Soft Bullet Privileged Notes in accordance with the relevant Conditions applicable to 
the Privileged Notes. 
Optional 
Redemption: 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will state whether such Privileged Notes 
may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or 
in part) and/or at the option of the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Redemption by 
Instalments: 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche that are redeemable in two (2) or more 
instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in which, such Privileged Notes 
may be redeemed. 
Early 
Redemption: 
Except as provided in paragraph "Optional Redemption" above, Privileged Notes will be 
redeemable by the Issuer prior to their stated maturity only for illegality. 
No 
gross-up 
obligation: 
If any law would require that payments of principal, interest and other revenues in respect of 
any present or future Privileged Note or any present or future Receipt or Coupon relating 
thereto, be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes or 
duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of 
any such withholding or deduction. 
Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Privileged Notes should consult its tax 
adviser as to the tax consequences of any investment in, or ownership and disposition of, the 
Privileged Notes. 
Interest Periods 
and 
Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Privileged Notes, the applicable interest rate and/or 
its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. The 
Privileged Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both and/or 
rate multiplier, provided that in no event shall the interest rate be less than zero. The use of 
interest accrual periods permits the Privileged Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. The relevant Final Terms will set out such information among the 
options and terms and conditions described in Condition 6. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Privileged 
Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating 
Rate 
Privileged 
Notes: 
 
Floating Rate Privileged Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the Floating Rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction 
in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the FBF 
Definitions, or 
(b) 
on the same basis as the Floating Rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction 
in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either the 
2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, each as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), in their updated version applicable as of the date of issue of the

--- Page 12 ---
first Tranche of the relevant Series, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or 
(c) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service (including, without limitation, EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or 
SARON, 
in each case by applying one of the formulae specified in the relevant Conditions of the 
Privileged Notes as completed in the relevant Final Terms. Floating Rate Privileged Notes 
may also have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both and/or rate 
multiplier. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the rate of interest (i.e. relevant rate plus margin) shall not be, in 
any case, lower than zero. 
CMS 
Linked 
Privileged 
Notes: 
Payments of interest in respect of CMS Linked Privileged Notes shall be calculated by 
reference to one or more CMS Rates and by applying one of the formulae specified in the 
relevant Conditions of the Privileged Notes as completed in the relevant Final Terms. Such 
Notes may have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both and/or rate 
multiplier. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the rate of interest (i.e. relevant rate plus margin) shall not be, in 
any case, lower than zero. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate Privileged 
Notes, 
Fixed/CMS 
Rate Privileged 
Notes, 
Floating/Fixed 
Rate Privileged 
Notes, 
CMS/Fixed 
Rate Privileged 
Notes, 
Fixed/Fixed 
Rate Privileged 
Notes, 
Floating/Floatin
g 
Rate 
Privileged 
Notes:  
Fixed/Floating Rate Privileged Notes and Floating/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes may be 
converted from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on 
the date set out in the relevant Final Terms either by the election of the Issuer or 
automatically. Fixed/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Privileged 
Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a different Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate 
to a different Floating Rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms by the election of 
the Issuer or automatically. Fixed/CMS Rate Privileged Notes and CMS/Fixed Rate 
Privileged Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a CMS Rate or from a CMS Rate to 
a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms by the election of the Issuer or 
automatically.  
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Privileged 
Notes 
and 
Inverse 
CMS 
Rate Privileged 
Notes: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inverse Floating Rate Privileged Notes or Inverse CMS 
Rate Privileged Notes, as the case may be, for each Interest Accrual Period, shall be equal to 
a Fixed Rate minus a Floating Rate or a CMS Rate, as the case may be. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Privileged 
Notes: 
Zero Coupon Privileged Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount and 
will not bear interest. 
Green 
Bonds, 
Social 
Bonds 
and 
Sustainability 
Bonds: 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds may be issued by the Issuer to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the eligible green 
loan categories (the "Eligible Green Loan Categories" and such Privileged Notes being 
"Green Bonds"), the eligible social loan categories (the "Eligible Social Loan Categories" 
and such Privileged Notes being "Social Bonds") or from both the Eligible Green Loan 
Categories and the Eligible Social Loan Categories (such Privileged Notes being 
"Sustainability Bonds"), as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of the relevant Final 
Terms and as further described in the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 's green, social and sustainability 
bond framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the "Framework") 
which is available on the website of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2022-

--- Page 13 ---
02/credit_mutuel_arkea_green_social_and_sustainability_bond_framework.pdf).  
The Framework further describes the above-mentioned projects and is based on the Green 
Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by 
the International Capital Markets Association in their updated edition or any more recent 
version such as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion on the Framework, 
which is also available on the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 's website.  
The Issuer will publish an annual report on its website detailing the allocation of the Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and their impact until full allocation of the 
proceeds. 
Prior to any investment in Privileged Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to 
finance investments included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible 
Social Loan Categories, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms, investors are 
advised to consult the Framework for further information.  
Form of 
Privileged 
Notes: 
French law Privileged Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Privileged Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Privileged Notes"). 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form 
(au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered form 
(au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes. 
Materialised Privileged Notes will be in bearer form (au porteur) only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Privileged 
Notes. Materialised Privileged Notes may only be issued outside France. 
German law Privileged Notes will be issued in materialised, registered and definitive form 
only. 
Representation 
of 
holders 
of 
Privileged 
Notes: 
 
Holders of French law Privileged Notes will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the 
"Masse"), which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the 
French Commercial Code as amended or supplemented by Condition 11. 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a Representative and in 
part through collective decisions of the relevant Noteholders. 
Limited 
recourse, non-
petition 
As further described in Condition 13, the recourse of holders of Privileged Notes against the 
Issuer will be limited to the funds that are available to the Issuer at any relevant date and 
they will not be able to commence or to join any proceedings for the insolvency of the Issuer 
prior to the date which is eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the earlier of (i) the 
Final Maturity Date (or, as the case may be, with respect to Soft Bullet Privileged Notes, the 
Extended Final Maturity Date) of the last Series issued by the Issuer under the Programme, 
or (ii) the date of payment of any sums outstanding and owing under the latest outstanding 
covered bond issued thereunder. 
Governing 
Law: 
The French law Privileged Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
French law. 
The German law Privileged Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
German law, as specified in the Agency Agreement, with the exception of the condition 
relating to the Privilège created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, which shall always be governed by French law. 
Clearing 
Systems: 
 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Privileged Notes and, in 
relation to Materialised Privileged Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing 
system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
German law Privileged Notes will not be deposited with a central depositary and cannot be 
transferred or cleared via a clearing system. 
Initial Delivery 
of 
At least one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of Dematerialised 
Privileged Notes, the lettre comptable or, as the case may be, the application form relating to

--- Page 14 ---
Dematerialised 
Privileged 
Notes: 
 
such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery 
of Materialised 
Privileged 
Notes: 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Privileged Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may 
be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
 
Privileged Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The price and amount of the 
Privileged Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers at the date of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Offer 
to 
the 
public pursuant 
to a non-exempt 
offer: 
French law Privileged Notes may be offered to the public in France pursuant to a non-
exempt offer, to the extent that the relevant Final Terms provide it and in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations. The German law Privileged Notes will not be offered to the 
public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any jurisdiction. 
Approval, 
listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
 
Application has been made to the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the 
"CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation for approval 
of this document as a base prospectus. Application has been made for the delivery by the 
CSSF of a certificate of approval specifying that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation to the French Autorité des marchés financiers, as 
competent authority in France. 
Application may be made for French law Privileged Notes issued under the Programme for 
the period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market (as defined below) of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other Regulated 
Market (as defined below) and/or to be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer 
in France in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
French law Privileged Notes may also be unlisted or listed and/or admitted to trading on any 
other market or stock exchange.  
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant French law Privileged Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant market or stock exchange. 
The German law Privileged Notes will neither be listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market or stock exchange. 
"Regulated Market" means a regulated market located in a member state of the EEA within 
the meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and appearing on the list of regulated markets 
of the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
Use 
of 
Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Privileged Notes will be used for (i) financing assets 
referred to in Article L. 513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or (ii) financing 
and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the Eligible 
Green Loan Categories, Eligible Social Loan Categories or from both the Eligible Green 
Loan Categories and the Eligible Social Loan Categories, as described in the relevant Final 
Terms and in Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's green, social and sustainability bond framework (as may 
be amended and supplemented from time to time), which is available on Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa's 
website 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2022-
02/credit_mutuel_arkea_green_social_and_sustainability_bond_framework.pdfhttps://ww
w.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37851/fr/green-social-
bonds). If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular use of proceeds, this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Rating: 
Tranches of Privileged Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
an issue of Privileged Notes is rated, the credit ratings of the Privileged Notes will be

--- Page 15 ---
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating assigned to other Privileged Notes issued under the Programme. Privileged Notes 
issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated Aaa by Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's" or the "Rating Agency"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus and unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, according to Moody's rating system, 
obligations rated "Aaa" are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of 
credit risk. Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade with low credit risk. 
Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from 
"Aa" through "Caa". The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of 
its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Rating Agency is established in the European Union, registered under 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and 
included in the list published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk)) in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation. The Rating Agency is not established in the United Kingdom and 
is not registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
Where an issue of Privileged Notes is rated, the relevant Final Terms will specify if the 
credit rating of the Privileged Notes has been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service 
Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and has not been withdrawn. As such, 
the ratings issued by the Rating Agency may, as applicable, be used for regulatory purposes 
in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change, or withdrawal by the assigning rating agency at any time without notice. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of French law Privileged Notes and the 
distribution of offering materials in various jurisdictions (see section "Subscription and 
Sale"). 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). 
Materialised Privileged Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) and any successor regulation issued under the Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010 (the "Hire Act") (the "TEFRA D Rules") unless (i) the relevant 
Final Terms state that such Materialised Privileged Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) and any successor regulation issued under the Hire Act (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Privileged Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with the TEFRA D Rules or the TEFRA C Rules but in circumstances in which 
the Privileged Notes will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances 
will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
TEFRA rules are not applicable to Dematerialised Privileged Notes which are in bearer form 
for U.S. tax purposes. 
General 
Information: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time and, 
so long as French law Privileged Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market of 
any member state of the EEA and/or offered to the public in France pursuant to a non-
exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms relating to such 
French law Privileged Notes will be published on the websites of the Issuer 
(https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/en/public-sector-scf) 
and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. In addition, if the French law Privileged Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA other than the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms will be published on the websites of (i) the relevant Regulated Market 
or (ii) the relevant competent authority and/or (iii) the Issuer.  
So long as any of the Privileged Notes are outstanding under this Base Prospectus, copies of 
this Base Prospectus and various other documents will also be available for inspection and

--- Page 16 ---
obtainable upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours on any weekday, at 
the registered office of the Issuer (1, rue Louis Lichou, 29480 Le Relecq-Kerhuon, France) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf). 
The Facility 
Agreement: 
The proceeds from the issuance of the Privileged Notes under the Programme will be used 
by the Issuer, as lender (in such capacity, the "Lender") to fund borrower advances which 
shall be made available to Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, as borrower (in such capacity, the 
"Borrower") under a €10,000,000,000 multicurrency term facility agreement (the 
"Facility"). The Facility Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions upon which the 
Issuer funds advances to be made available to the Borrower. 
The Collateral 
Security 
Agreement 
The Collateral Security Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under which the 
collateral providers (the "Collateral Providers") will transfer title to eligible assets 
comprised of exposures to public entities which are mentioned in Article L. 513-4 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (including securities that are "assimilated to" such 
exposures to public entities where those securities are backed by public exposures 
complying with the criteria defined in Article L. 513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code or other receivables benefiting from the same level of guarantees) (as further described 
in section "Description of the Issuer – Business Overview" and in section "Main features of 
the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier") by way of security 
(remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) for the benefit of the Lender in order to 
secure, as they become due and payable, the payments of all and any amounts owed by the 
Borrower under the Facility Agreement, in accordance with Articles L. 211-38 et seq. of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code. 
The Cash 
Collateral 
Agreement 
The Cash Collateral Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions upon which Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa, as cash collateral provider (the "Cash Collateral Provider"), shall fund 
certain amounts as cash collateral (gage espèces) so as to secure as they become due and 
payable the payments of all and any amounts owed by the Borrower under the Facility 
Agreement.

--- Page 17 ---
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Privileged Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Privileged Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Privileged Notes and material for an informed investment 
decision with respect to investing in the Privileged Notes issued under the Programme are described below. In 
each category below the Issuer sets out the most material risks in first, taking into account the negative impact of 
such risks and the probability of their occurrence. Additional risks and uncertainties, not included in the risk 
factors below, which, on the date of this Base Prospectus, are not known by the Issuer or are considered to be 
not material nor specific, may have a significant impact on the Issuer, its activities, its financial condition or the 
Privileged Notes.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including the relevant information of any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and the 
Final Terms of the relevant Privileged Notes and make their own opinion about risk factors prior to making any 
investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks 
relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Privileged Notes and consult their own financial or legal 
advisers about risks associated with the investment in a particular Series of Privileged Notes and the suitability 
of investing in the Privileged Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used 
below. 
I. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer and its operations 
The Issuer has sole liability under the Privileged Notes 
The Issuer is the only entity which has obligations to pay principal and interest in respect of the Privileged 
Notes. The Privileged Notes will not be obligations or responsibilities of any other entity, including (but not 
limited to) Crédit Mutuel Arkéa or any other company in the Group (as defined in section "Description of the 
Issuer – Incorporation, duration and registered office"), or the shareholders or directors or agents of any 
company in the Group.  
The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Privileged Notes will firstly mainly depend on the ability of 
the Borrower to meet its payment obligations towards the Issuer under the Facility Agreement. 
Should the double recourse against the Borrower and against the collateral security assets or cash collateral 
under the Facility Agreement (see section "Risk Factors - Borrower's ability to pay under the Facility 
Agreement") prove to be insufficient to support payments under the Privileged Notes until their maturity, this 
may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations under the 
Privileged Notes and the Noteholders will have no other external remedies than to request such payments from 
the Issuer. As a consequence, the situation of the Noteholders may be adversely and materially affected and they 
could lose or a substantial part of all their investments in the Privileged Notes. 
Outsourcing risk 
The Issuer has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform services for 
the Issuer (see section "Material contracts and relationship between Arkéa Public Sector SCF and Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa"). In the event that any other party providing services to the Issuer fails to perform its obligations under 
the relevant agreement(s) to which it is a party, the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Privileged 
Notes may be affected. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the 
Privileged Notes. 
However, the relevant agreements provide for the ability of the Issuer under certain circumstances to terminate 
the appointment of any relevant third party which would be defaulting in performing their obligations under the 
relevant agreements. 
Potential investors should also be aware that the technical administration of the Issuer has been subcontracted to 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa which also manages the security of the Group's information systems.

--- Page 18 ---
Substitution risk 
Under certain circumstances described in the agreements executed with respect to the Programme (see section 
"Material contracts and relationship between Arkéa Public Sector SCF and Crédit Mutuel Arkéa") and leading 
to the substitution of one (1) or more counterparties of the Issuer, a substitute entity may not be found. 
In case of substitution, the transfer to a substitute entity outside the Group may result in delays, increased costs 
and/or losses in collection of sums due to the Issuer under its assets and could create operational and 
administrative difficulties for the Issuer. 
Any delay or inability to appoint a substitute entity may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under 
the Privileged Notes. 
Credit risk on assets  
The Issuer's main business activity is to grant or acquire exposures to, or guaranteed by, public sector entities 
(either directly or indirectly). Therefore, the Issuer is exposed, directly or indirectly, to the credit risk of such 
public sector entities.  
However, in order to mitigate such credit risk, the assets of the Issuer will be selected as to comply with certain 
eligibility criteria contained in the legal framework relating to French sociétés de crédit foncier and with 
additional contractual constraints. 
Legal eligibility criteria  
The assets of the Issuer must comply with the legal eligibility criteria provided for in articles L. 513-4 and 
L. 513-5 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Compliance with those legal eligibility criteria is controlled by the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of 
the Issuer who reports to the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) (See 
section "Main Features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier").  
In addition, according to articles L. 513-7 and R. 513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer 
may hold securities, values or deposits which are sufficiently secure and liquid as substitution assets (valeurs de 
remplacement). Those substitution assets may only comprise exposures on credit institutions or investment firms 
benefiting from the highest level of credit assessment (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by an 
external rating agency recognised by the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution) pursuant to article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, or guaranteed by credit 
institutions or investment firms benefiting from the same credit assessment, or when the remaining maturity of 
such exposures on credit institutions or investment firms is less than one hundred (100) calendar days, the 
second highest level of credit assessment (second meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by an external 
rating agency recognised by the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) 
pursuant to article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, or guaranteed by credit institutions or 
investment firms benefiting from the same credit assessment. 
The total amount of such substitution assets must not exceed fifteen per cent. (15%) of the nominal amount of 
the Privileged Notes issued by the Issuer and other resources benefiting from the Privilège as described in 
section "Main Features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier". 
Cover ratio between assets and privileged debts 
According to articles L. 513-12 and R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the ratio between the 
total amount of assets of sociétés de crédit foncier, after application of the relevant weighting percentage, and the 
amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège must be at least one hundred and five per cent. (105%). 
Calculation of this cover ratio is set out in Regulation 99-10 of the Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire et 
Financière (the "CRBF") pursuant to which the ratio's denominator is comprised of obligations foncières and 
other resources benefiting from the Privilège and the ratio's numerator is made up of all the assets weighted with 
the percentage applicable to their respective categories. In accordance with the French current legal framework 
applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier, in the case of the Issuer, since the loans are granted to, or guaranteed by, 
public sector entities, they are accounted for at their accounting value (one hundred per cent. (100%) weighting). 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) (see section "Description of the Issuer") has access to information 
that allows confirmation of compliance with the cover ratio in respect of any issue benefiting from the Privilège 
which amount is greater than or equal to five hundred million euros (€500,000,000). This cover ratio is published 
four times a year and checked on a quarterly basis by the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique). 
Credit risk on assets is also overseen by the risk direction of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa.

--- Page 19 ---
Additional contractual constraints 
The agreements relating to the Programme provide for additional contractual eligibility criteria for the assets of 
the Issuer. In accordance with those criteria, the vast majority of these assets comes from the commercial 
financing activities of the Group's entities. 
In addition, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and the Issuer have entered into agreements in order to ensure, by providing to 
the Issuer liquidity support or transferring to the Issuer additional eligible assets or otherwise, that the Issuer 
will, at all times, maintain an overcollateralisation ratio (also refered to as the asset cover ratio), calculated in 
accordance with a contractual valuation methodology, between its eligible assets and its Privileged Notes equal 
to or greater than one hundred and five per cent. (105%) (See section "Description of the Issuer – Business 
Overview – OC Test"). 
Failure to maintain such compliance with the maximal amount of substitution assets, the regulatory cover ratio 
or the contractal asset cover ratio may result in the Issuer having insufficient funds to meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes. 
Credit risk on bank counterparties  
For the Issuer, bank counterparty risk is that of counterparties in:  
(i) 
administrating the Issuer's bank accounts; 
(ii) 
paying any sums due under the Facility Agreement (see section "Description of the Issuer – Business 
Overview"); 
(iii) 
providing cash collateral in accordance with a cash collateral agreement concluded with Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa (see section "Material contracts and relationship between Arkéa Public Sector SCF and Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa – Other Agreements"); and 
(iv) 
hedging operations it may enter into (if any). 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Privileged Notes will mainly 
depend on the ability of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, in its capacity as Cash Collateral Provider, administrator of the 
Issuer's bank accounts and hedging counterparty (if any) to perform its payment obligations towards the Issuer 
under the agreements relating to the Programme and the value of the Collateral Security will depend on the ability 
of the Collateral Providers to transfer additional Public Sector Receivables as Collateral Security under the 
Collateral Security Agreement up to the required amount to meet with the OC Test. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Moody's France SAS ("Moody's") has assigned an issuer rating of Aa3/stable outlook/P-1 to Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") has assigned an issuer rating of A-/stable outlook/F2 to 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa. 
According to Moody's rating system, obligations rated "Aa3" are judged to be of high quality and are subject to 
very low credit risk and ratings of "Prime-1" reflect a superior ability to repay short-term obligations. Moody's 
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from "Aa" through "Caa". The 
modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category. 
According to Fitch's rating system, "A" ratings denote expectations of a low level of default risk relative to other 
issuers or obligations in the same country or monetary union and "F1" indicates the strongest capacity for timely 
payment of financial commitments relative to other issuers or obligations in the same country. Under the agency's 
National Rating scale, this rating is assigned to the lowest default risk relative to others in the same country or 
monetary union. Where the liquidity profile is particularly strong, a "+" is added to the assigned rating. 
The legal framework relating to French sociétés de crédit foncier (for further description, see section "Main 
features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier") and the agreements relating to 
the Programme provide for mitigants or for substitution and/or constitution of cash collateral upon certain 
triggers (most notably, the OC Test and several triggers based upon long or short term ratings of Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa, as further described under the paragraph "The Cash Collateral Agreement" in the section entitled 
"Material contracts and relationship between Arkéa Public Sector SCF and Crédit Mutuel Arkéa"). Delay or 
inability to implement those mitigants may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Privileged 
Notes up to the required amount and/or on the relevant due date. 
In addition, if those mitigants prove to be insufficient, failure of any such party to make a payment or a transfer 
as expected and when due may materially affect the ability of the Issuer to make principal and interest payments 
in respect of the Privileged Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
Interest and currency risks 
As described in section "Description of the Issuer – Business Overview", each advance granted by the Issuer to 
the benefit of the Borrower under the Facility Agreement shall be made available in the same Specified Currency 
and according to the same interest conditions to those applicable to the Privileged Notes funding such advance. 
As a consequence, as long as an event of default under the Facility Agreement has not occurred, the Issuer is not 
exposed to any currency and interest risk regarding the advances and the Privileged Notes. As of 
31 December 2022, the advances granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Facility 
Agreement amount to 1,837,000,000.00 euros. 
Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Facility Agreement and the enforcement of the Collateral 
Security, a significant part of the Issuer's available funds will arise from the Collateral Security. The assets being 
part of the Collateral Security may not bear interest at the same conditions as the Privileged Notes or may not be 
denominated in the same currency as the Privileged Notes and, as a result, the Issuer may be exposed to interest 
and/or currency risk regarding the advances and the Privileged Notes.  
In order to mitigate the potential mismatch of the interest rates applicable to the Privileged Notes and to the 
Collateral Security and the potential mismatch of currencies of denomination of the Privileged Notes and the 
Collateral Security, the Issuer is entitled to provide additional over-collateralisation and/or provide any other 
mechanism(s) such as the implementation of a hedging strategy, cash reserve, additional selection rules for the 
eligible assets or any other mechanism(s) which will comply with the legal requirements applicable to sociétés 
de crédit foncier. However, there is no commitment by the Issuer to provide additional over-collateralisation 
and/or provide any other mechanism(s) as describe above and if such mechanism(s) were implemented, they 
may not be maintained or may not adequately cover any interest rate and/or currency risk to which the Issuer 
might be exposed.  
Pursuant to Article 12 of Regulation no. 99-10 of 9 July 1999 of the Comité de la règlementation bancaire et 
financière relating to the sociétés de crédit foncier and to the sociétés de financement de l'habitat as amended on 
26 June 2001, 15 July 2002, 7 May 2007, 23 February 2011, 26 May 2014 and 3 November 2014 (the "CRBF 
Regulation"), the Issuer shall implement a system for measuring overall interest rate risks under the conditions 
set forth in Articles 134 to 139 of the Arrêté dated 3 November 2014 with respect to the internal control of 
banking sector companies, payment services and investment services providers subject to ACPR supervision. 
The level of rate and maturity matching between the assets and the liabilities of the Issuer shall be monitored by 
the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique). 
Liquidity risk  
The maturity and amortisation profile of the assets transferred as Collateral Security will not match the 
repayment profile and maturities of the Privileged Notes. Therefore, upon the occurrence of an event of default 
under the Facility Agreement and the enforcement of the Collateral Security, such mismatch creates a potential 
need for liquidity at the level of the Issuer. As of 31 December 2022, no such mismatch had occurred. 
Pursuant to Articles L. 513-8 and R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer must, at all 
time, cover its treasury needs over a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days. As of 31 December 2022, the 
Issuer had to maintain a minimum of 0 euro to cover its treasury needs. 
To anticipate and address the above mentioned liquidity risk and in order to comply with the liquidity ratio of 
Article R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer will benefit from an undertaking from 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa to fund certain amounts as cash collateral (gage espèces) so as to secure as they become 
due and payable the payments of all and any amounts owed by the Borrower under the Facility Agreement (see 
section "Material contracts and relationship between Arkéa Public Sector SCF and Crédit Mutuel Arkéa – Other 
Agreements"). 
On the date on which Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligation falling below such minimum rating complying with the Rating Agency's public methodologies and 
criteria in order to maintain the rating of the Privileged Notes (a "Pre-Maturity Rating Event") and on a regular 
basis throughout the period starting from such date and ending on the date on which the Pre-Maturity Rating 
Event ceases to be continuing, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa has undertaken (x) to transfer certain amounts to the Issuer 
on such date by crediting such cash collateral account as designated by the Issuer and (y) to maintain, on a 
rolling basis until such Pre-Maturity Rating Event has ceased to occur, a minimum reserve amount in such cash 
collateral account, as security for its payment obligations under the Facility Agreement. 
Commingling risk  
The Collateral Providers have been appointed by the Issuer to carry out the administration and recovery of the 
assets transferred as Collateral Security. In the event that insolvency proceedings are opened against any 
Collateral Provider, a statutory stay of proceedings under French insolvency law will prevent the Issuer from

--- Page 21 ---
having recourse against such Collateral Provider for the repayment of collections under those assets transferred 
as Collateral Security which are commingled with other funds of such Collateral Provider. 
To address such commingling risk, the Issuer will benefit from a guarantee from Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and an 
undertaking from Crédit Mutuel Arkéa to transfer to the Issuer, by crediting such account as designated by the 
Issuer, certain amounts on each relevant collection payment date following Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's short-term, 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligation falling below such minimum ratings, complying 
with the Rating Agency's public methodologies and criteria in order to maintain the rating of the Privileged 
Notes. As of 31 December 2022, the balance of such account amounted to 2,294,504,140.28  euros. 
2. 
Risks related to the Borrower 
Borrower's ability to pay under the Facility Agreement 
Neither the Issuer, the Borrower nor any other party to the agreements relating to the Programme (other than 
upon certain circumstances, the Cash Collateral Provider and without prejudice to the Collateral Security granted 
by the Collateral Providers) guarantees or warrants the full and timely payment by the Borrower of any sums of 
principal or interest payable under any advance made available pursuant to the Facility Agreement, being part of 
the Issuer assets. 
As of 31 December 2022, the advances granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Facility 
Agreement amount to 1,837,000,000.00 euros. 
Should the Borrower be subject to any applicable insolvency proceedings (including, the procedures of 
safeguard, moratorium, suspension of payments, controlled management, liquidation or similar insolvency 
proceedings), this would impair the ability of the Issuer to claim against the Borrower to obtain timely payment 
of amounts of principal and interest due and payable under any advance made available pursuant to the Facility 
Agreement and, as a consequence, this may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's ability to perform 
its payment obligations under the Notes. 
However in such event of insolvency proceedings of the Borrower, the Issuer would be entitled to accelerate the 
payment of such amounts and then immediately enforce the Collateral Security or the Cash Collateral (including 
upon and following the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Cash Collateral Provider and/or 
the Collateral Providers). 
Credit rating of the Privileged Notes may be affected by various factors 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated Aaa by Moody's. The credit rating of the Notes will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the rating agencies' methodologies, the credit rating of a covered bond program is linked to the credit rating 
attributed to the issuer's parent. The rating criteria for the Issuer include both the financial health of its parent, 
the Borrower, as well as the strength of the support which is granted by the entities of the Group as Collateral 
Providers by way of the Collateral Security and various other structural features such as any Cash Collateral that 
aim to achieve a de-linkage between the rating of the Borrower and the rating of the Privileged Notes. 
Nevertheless, if the Collateral Security and the other support granted to the Issuer prove insufficient or fail to be 
granted to the Issuer in accordance with the agreements relating to the Programme, decreases in the credit rating 
of the Borrower may cause a decrease in the credit rating of the Privileged Notes. Furthermore, failure to meet 
any overcollateralisation requirement required by the Rating Agency may result not only in the occurrence of an 
Event of Default but also in a downgrade of the rating assigned to the Privileged Notes.  
If the credit rating of the Privileged Notes were reduced due to these factors, such downgrade may adversely 
affect the value of the outstanding Privileged Notes and/or the ability of the Noteholders to sell the Privileged 
Notes, increase the Issuer's cost of borrowing and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to issue new Privileged 
Notes. As a result, investors could lose all or a substantial part of all their investments in the Notes. 
 
II. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE PRIVILEGED NOTES AND THE MARKET 
1. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
French insolvency laws 
The Issuer, as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), is subject to the provisions of 
Articles L. 613-25 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. These provisions include specific rules on 
the opening of an insolvency proceeding against the Issuer, the involvement of the ACPR in the event of 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, specific concepts of suspension of payment (cessation des paiements) for the Issuer and 
some specific rules of liquidation for the Issuer. As a general principle, the above-mentioned insolvency and

--- Page 22 ---
reorganisation rules favour the continuation of a business and protection of employment over the payment of 
creditors.  
However, the Issuer, as a société de crédit foncier, benefits from a regime which derogates in many ways from 
the French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings. Nonetheless, if the Issuer were to become 
insolvent, Noteholders’ returns could be limited or delayed. Application of French insolvency law could affect 
the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Privileged Notes (such as the non-payment of interest and/or 
principal) and French insolvency laws may not be as favourable to Noteholders as the insolvency laws of other 
countries. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency 
and discharge of debt and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by the 
Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 2021, 
amends French insolvency law notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under 
insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and 
therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. 
Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the 
proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto 
power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several 
classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a 
cross-class cram down. The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of 
the participating members, no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a 
cross-class cram down, under certain conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of the Noteholders described in 
Condition 11 will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law 
provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the ordonnance do not cover financial institutions, unless 
the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the application of French insolvency 
law to a credit institution as the Issuer is also subject to the prior permission of the ACPR before the opening of 
any safeguard, judicial reorganisation or liquidation procedures. This limitation will affect the ability of the 
Noteholders to recover their investments in the Privileged Notes.  
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could have 
a negative impact on the market value of the Privileged Notes and Noteholders may lose all or part of their 
investment. As a result of the operation of the legal framework of a société de credit foncier, in the case of a 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the ability of Noteholders to enforce their rights 
under the Privileged Notes may be limited. 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions  
Holders of French law Privileged Notes will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series of French law Privileged 
Notes, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in 
Condition 11, and matters affecting their interests are generally adopted either through a general meeting of 
Noteholders (the "General Meeting") or by unanimous consent following a Written Unanimous Decision, as 
defined in Condition 11(d)(ii). The Terms and Conditions applicable to the French law Privileged Notes permit 
in certain cases defined majorities to bind all French law Noteholders including French law Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting and French law Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. General Meetings or Written Unanimous Decisions may deal with any proposal relating to the 
modification of the Terms and Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating 
to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, as more fully described in Condition 11.

--- Page 23 ---
Withholding Taxes - No gross-up obligation  
Pursuant to Conditions 7(f) and 9, if French law should require that any payments in respect of any Privileged 
Notes be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not pay 
any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction. Therefore, the corresponding risk shall 
be borne by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.  
In addition, if French law should require that payments of principal, interest and other revenues in respect of any 
French law Privileged Notes be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes or 
duties whatsoever, such French law Privileged Notes may not be redeemed early. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 May 2014 
establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"),  which was implemented in France 
by a decree-law (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union 
européenne en matière financière) dated 20 August 2015, as modified by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 dated 20 
May 2019 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
(and furher amending Directive 98/26/EC) (the "BRRD Revision" and together with the BRRD, the "BRRD II") 
which was implemented in France by a decree-law (Ordonnance no. 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution 
dans le secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020 and Regulation (EU) 806/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of the European Union dated July 2014 as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "SRM Regulation") provides for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms. The regime provided for by the BRRD II is, among other things, stated to be needed to provide the 
authority designated by each EU Member State (the "Resolution Authority") with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of an institution's failure on 
the economy and financial system (including taxpayers' exposure to losses). Under the SRM Regulation a 
centralized power of resolution is established and entrusted to the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") and to 
the national resolution authorities. 
The recovery framework contains several resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail (on 
the basis of objective elements), (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures 
would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is 
necessary in the public interest. 
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD II and the SRM Regulation include write-
down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) and 
eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments such as the Privileged Notes if junior instruments prove 
insufficient to absorb all losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution under resolution in accordance with a set 
order of priority (the "Bail-in Tool"). They also include write-down/conversion powers with respect to 
institutions or groups which viability would otherwise be at threat or who require extraordinary financial 
support. 
In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the BRRD II provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to 
implement other resolution measures with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, which 
may include (without limitation) the sale of the institution's business, the creation of a bridge institution, the 
separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, 
modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest 
payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), removing management, appointing an interim 
administrator, and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
With respect to the obligations foncières and other privileged notes, the BRRD II provides that the Resolution 
Authority shall not exercise the write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities including 
covered bonds and liabilities in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an 
integral part of the cover pool and which according to national law are secured in a way similar to covered 
bonds, whether they are governed by the law of a Member State or of a third country. Nevertheless, relevant 
claims for the purposes of the Bail-in Tool would still include the claims of the holders in respect of any 
Privileged Notes issued under the Programme, only if and to the extent that the notes liability exceeded the value 
of the cover pool collateral against which it is secured. In such case, the write-down or conversion requirements 
could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary shares or other instruments

--- Page 24 ---
of ownership of the notes, or the variation of the terms of notes (for example, the maturity and/or interest payable 
may be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be ordered). 
The application of any resolution measure under the BRRD II as implemented under French law, or any 
suggestion of such application, with respect to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
Noteholders, the price or value of an investment in the Privileged Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Privileged Notes. Moreover, if the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates, the existence 
of the Bail-in Tool or the exercise of write-down/conversion powers by the Resolution Authority independently 
of a resolution measure with respect to capital instruments or in combination with a resolution measure when it 
determines that the institution or its group will no longer be viable could cause the market price or value of the 
Privileged Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
Noteholders may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the 
Resolution Authority to exercise its resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or 
administrative process or otherwise.  
2. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Privileged Notes  
A wide range of Privileged Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Privileged Notes may 
have features which present particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features: 
Risks related to the redemption of the Privileged Notes 
Privileged Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Condition 6(c) allows for the issuance of Privileged Notes that are subject to an optional redemption by the 
Issuer. Such an optional redemption feature of Privileged Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Privileged Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period.  
The redeemed face amount of the Privileged Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Privileged 
Notes paid by the Noteholders. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so 
that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Privileged Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Privileged Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Privileged Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. This may adversely and materially affect the Noteholders who 
could lose part of their investment in the Privileged Notes. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, the exercise of a redemption option by the Issuer only for certain Privileged Notes may affect the 
liquidity for the other Privileged Notes of the same Series for which the option has not been exercised. On the 
basis of the number of Privileged Notes of the same Series for which the redemption option provided in the 
relevant Final Terms was exercised, the securities market for which such redemption right was not exercised 
could become illiquid. 
Privileged Notes with soft bullet maturity may be redeemed after their initial maturity date 
Condition 7(a) allows for the issuance of Privileged Notes with soft bullet maturity (the "Soft Bullet Privileged 
Notes"). The Final Maturity Date of such Soft Bullet Privileged Notes with soft bullet maturity may be extended 
automatically to the Extended Final Maturity Date if the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Soft Bullet 
Privileged Notes is not paid by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date. The payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount may be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Final Maturity Date 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that all or part of the Final Redemption Amount unpaid on 
the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and 
including the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount 
during such extended period at the relevant applicable Rate of Interest and will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date, all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in 
accordance with the applicable Conditions. The extension of the maturity of the Privileged Notes from the 
Maturity Date to the Extended Final Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate 
payments or take action against the Issuer and will result in a delay of payments of principal on the relevant 
Privileged Notes. 
The situation of the Issuer may change between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity Date. 
In addition, (i) the provisions relating to interest payable after the Final Maturity Date of any Soft Bullet

--- Page 25 ---
Privileged Notes may differ from that those relating to interest payable before such Final Maturity Date and (ii) 
the extension of the maturity of the Privileged Notes is likely to limit their liquidity and market value. 
Risks related to the interest payable in respect of the Privileged Notes 
Fixed Rate Privileged Notes 
Condition 6(b) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in 
Privileged Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate (a "Fixed Rate") involves the risk that inflation or 
subsequent changes in market interest rates may materially and adversely affect the value, the liquidity and the 
yield of the relevant Fixed Rate Notes.  
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Privileged Note is determined during the term of such Privileged 
Note or within a given period of time, the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a 
daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Privileged Note varies in the opposite direction. 
If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of the Privileged Note typically decreases, until the yield of the 
Privileged Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price 
of a Fixed Rate Privileged Note typically increases, until the yield of the notes equals approximately the Market 
Interest Rate.  
Movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Privileged Notes and can lead to 
losses for Noteholders if they sell Notes during the period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds the Fixed 
Rate of the Privileged Notes. 
In addition, the yield of Privileged Notes which bear interest at a Fixed Rate (which will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) shall be calculated at the issue date of such Notes on the basis of its issue price. It shall not 
be an indication of future yield. 
Floating Rate and CMS Rate Privileged Notes 
Condition 6(c) and Condition 6(d) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest (including 
a CMS rate of interest) to Noteholders. Investment in Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked 
Privileged Notes comprises (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, 
from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of such Privileged Notes 
but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every 
three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. 
Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes may be 
volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to Market Interest Rates evidenced by the relevant reference 
rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Privileged Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the 
relevant reference rate. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Privileged Notes, Fixed/CMS Rate Privileged Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes, 
CMS/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Privileged 
Notes 
Condition 5(f) allows for the issuance of Privileged Notes that pay a fixed/floating rate, fixed/fixed rate and 
floating/floating rate of interest to Noteholders. Fixed/Floating Rate Privileged Notes and Floating/Fixed Rate 
Privileged Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert from a 
Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed rate. Fixed/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes and 
Floating/Floating Rate Privileged Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a different fixed rate or from a floating rate to a different floating rate. Fixed/CMS Rate Privileged 
Notes and CMS/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from 
a fixed rate to a CMS rate or from a CMS rate to a fixed rate.The conversion (whether automatic or optional) 
may materially and adversely affect the secondary market and the market value of such Privileged Notes since it 
may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a Fixed Rate is converted to a Floating Rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Privileged Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Privileged Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Privileged Notes. If a Floating Rate is converted to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed 
Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Privileged Notes.  
Investors could lose a substantial part of all their investments in the Privileged Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Privileged Notes/Inverse CMS Rate Privileged Notes 
Condition 5(g) allows for the issuance of Privileged Notes that pay an inverse floating rate and inverse CMS rate 
of interest to Noteholders. Inverse Floating Rate Privileged Notes and Inverse CMS Rate Privileged Notes have 
an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate (EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SARON or EUR CMS). The market values of such Privileged Notes typically are more volatile than market

--- Page 26 ---
values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Privileged Notes and Inverse CMS Rate Privileged Notes are more 
volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of such Privileged Notes but 
may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these 
Privileged Notes. 
Zero Coupon Privileged Notes 
Condition 5(h) allows for the issuance of Zero Coupon Privileged Notes. Changes in market interest rates have a 
substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Privileged Notes than on the prices of ordinary 
Privileged Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, 
Zero Coupon Privileged Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Privileged Notes having the same 
maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Privileged Notes are a type of investment 
associated with a particularly high price risk. 
Reform and regulation of "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (such as EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON 
or EUR CMS) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to 
revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Privileged Notes linked to or referencing such a 
"benchmark".  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment 
funds, as may be amended from time to time (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European 
Union. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with 
extensive requirements in relation to the administration of "benchmarks", and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). In the United Kingdom, the Benchmarks Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") provides for 
equivalent sets of rules. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Privileged Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark", including in any of the following circumstances:  
- 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions 
do not apply; and  
- 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON or EUR CMS): (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of 
the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating 
Rate Privileged Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 27 November 2019 and further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the 
cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring to the European Commission the power to 
designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, such replacement being limited to contracts and 
financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks

--- Page 27 ---
and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which 
is deemed unsuitable by the European Commission or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the 
Benchmarks Regulation). In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are 
extended until the end of 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 
2025, if necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory 
requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Floating Rate Privileged Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
The use in the EU by supervised entities of a third-country benchmark is permitted for financial instruments, 
financial contracts and measurements of the performance of an investment fund that already reference that 
benchmark or which add a reference to such benchmark before 31 December 2023. The Commission is 
empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. 
Other interbank offered rates such as EURIBOR (the European Interbank Offered Rate)  may be discontinued 
or be subject to changes in their administration. The new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has already been 
adapted to the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. However, the EURIBOR is also subject to constant 
review and revision. It is currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and 
beyond 2025. 
Changes to the administration of a benchmark or the emergence of alternatives benchmarks, may cause such 
benchmark to perform differently than in the past, or there could be other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. The discontinuation of a benchmark or changes to its administration could require changes to the 
way in which the Rate of Interest is calculated in respect of any Floating Rate Privileged Notes referencing or 
linked to such benchmark. The development of alternatives to a benchmark may result in Privileged Notes 
linked to or referencing such benchmark performing differently than would otherwise have been the case if the 
alternatives to such benchmark had not developed. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of, and return on, any Floating Rate Privileged Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark. 
Whilst alternatives to certain benchmark for use in the bond market are being developed, in the absence of any 
legislative measures, as the case may be, outstanding covered bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark will 
only transition away from such benchmark in accordance with their particular terms and conditions. 
Indeed, investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were disconstinued or otherwise unavailable, the Rate 
of Interest of the Privileged Notes will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to the Privileged Notes. However, such fall-back provisions may be deviated from if deemed 
unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, as mentioned above. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Privileged Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant 
reference rate (such as EUR-CMS), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes 
unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully 
to calculate interest on any Floating Rate Privileged Notes by reference to such benchmark under the 
Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Privileged Notes), 
with or without the application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Privileged Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, 
all as determined by the Reference Rate Determination Agent and without the consent of the holders of 
Privileged Notes. An adjustement spread if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a 
view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark.  
The Successor Rates or Alternative Rates may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly their 
general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine 
or measure. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and 
expected performance of the relevant benchmark.  
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest for such Interest Period 
be based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period.

--- Page 28 ---
This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of a Fixed Rate Privileged Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates 
and Alternative Rates and the involvement of a Reference Rate Determination Agent, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Any such consequences could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Floating Rate Privileged Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Privileged Notes 
referencing a "benchmark" or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Floating Rate Privileged Notes. Investors should note that, the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected and significant 
adverse consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each holder of 
Privileged Notes, any such adjustment will be favourable to each holders of Privileged Notes. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Privileged Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks". 
Risks relating to Privileged Notes which are linked to SONIA, SOFR or SARON 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Privileged Notes. These new overnight risk-free rates are still however in very early 
stages of development and they may not be widely adopted by market users. 
The Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Privileged Notes may provide that the Rate of Interest for such 
Privileged Notes will be determined by reference to such overnight risk-free rates such as the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") or the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight ("SARON"). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR and SARON that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Privileged Notes and used in relation to 
Floating Rate Privileged Notes issued under this Base Prospectus that reference SONIA, SOFR or SARON. 
The nascent development of these overnight risk-free rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, 
as well as continued development of such rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the 
Floating Rate Privileged Notes. The return on and value Privileged Notes linked to or referencing SONIA, SOFR 
or SARON may fluctuate more than Privileged Notes that are linked to less volatile rates. Since overnight risk-
free rates are relatively new market indexes, the Privileged Notes will likely have no established trading market 
when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Investors in the 
Privileged Notes may not be able to sell the Privileged Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Privileged 
Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Interest on Floating Rate Privileged Notes that reference SONIA, SOFR or SARON is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It may be difficult for investors in Floating Rate Privileged Notes that reference SONIA, SOFR or SARON 
to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on such Floating Rate Privileged Notes. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates across these markets may impact negatively any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding 
or disposal of any Floating Rate Privileged Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or SARON. 
The discontinuance of the Relevant Rate or occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Privileged Notes linked to or referencing such 
Benchmarks 
In respect of CMS Linked Privileged Notes or, in respect of Floating Rate Privileged Notes, where FBF 
Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if the Relevant Rate has been discontinued or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (as further described in Condition 6(e) (except for SONIA, SOFR and 
SARON)) has occurred, the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Privileged Notes will be changed in 
ways that may be adverse to holders of such Privileged Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such 
holders be obtained. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of any applicable Floating Rate Privileged Notes in relation to which 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest

--- Page 29 ---
is to be determined and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes, in the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
occurs, fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 6(e)), and may include concomitant changes 
to the terms and conditions of the relevant affected Privileged Notes necessary to make the Replacement 
Relevant Rate (as defined in Condition 6(e)) as comparable as possible to the Original Reference Rate, all as 
determined by the Relevant Rate Determination Agent. Such Replacement Relevant Rate and any such other 
changes will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Noteholders, the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and any other person and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted 
the Replacement Relevant Rate and such related changes and adjustments which will thenceforth apply to the 
relevant affected Privileged Notes, unless they are deviated from by the Commission or the relevant national 
authority as mentioned below. 
Given the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates or Alternative Rates, the involvement of a 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent and potential for further regulatory developments, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the Replacement Relevant Rate may perform 
differently from the discontinued Benchmark. In addition, pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 they may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by 
the Commission or the relevant national authority. 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate Replacement Relevant Rate for 
any Relevant Rate on or prior to the next following Interest Determination Date (as defined in Condition 6(a)), 
then the provisions for the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant affected Privileged Notes will not 
be changed. In such cases, the Terms and Conditions of the Privileged Notes provide that the Rate of Interest on 
such Privileged Notes shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (i.e. which may result in the effective application of a fixed rate). In such 
circumstances and a rising interest rate environment, holders of Privileged Notes will, consequently, not benefit 
from any increase in rates. The trading value of such Privileged Notes could therefore be adversely affected. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Privileged Notes 
and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes. Investors 
should note that the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholders, any such 
adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder. 
The Calculation Agent will or could have authority to make determinations and elections that could affect the 
return on, value of and market for the Floating Rate Notes and, in particular, Notes linked to or referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or SARON 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Privileged Notes, the Calculation Agent may make certain 
determinations, decisions and elections with respect to the interest rate on Floating Rate Priveleged Notes and, 
in particular, on Notes linked to or referencing SONIA, SOFR or SARON. The Calculation Agent will make 
any such determination, decision or election in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, and any such determination, decision or election that the Calculation Agent makes could 
affect the amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Privileged Notes and, in particular, on Privileged Notes 
linked to or referencing SONIA, SOFR or SARON. Any exercise of discretion by the Calculation Agent, under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Priveleged Notes, including, without limitation, any discretion exercised by 
such Calculation Agent, could present a conflict of interest. 
Risks related to Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Privileged Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to issue "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainability bonds" and apply an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of the issue to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the 
eligible green loan categories (the "Eligible Green Loan Categories" and such Privileged Notes being "Green 
Bonds"), the eligible social loan categories (the "Eligible Social Loan Categories" and such Privileged Notes 
being "Social Bonds") or from both the Eligible Green Loan Categories and the Eligible Social Loan 
Categories (such Privileged Notes being "Sustainability Bonds"), as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section 
of the relevant Final Terms and as further described in the Issuer's green, social and sustainability bond 
framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the "Framework") which is available on the 
website of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37866/en/page-

--- Page 30 ---
de-contenu-green-social-bondshttps://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37851/fr/green-social-bonds). 
Noteholders should have regard to the information set out in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base 
Prospectus as completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, the use 
of such proceeds for any projects included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan 
Categories may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, social or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible 
Green Loan Categories and/or any Eligible Social Loan Categories.  
 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, 
a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or equivalently labelled project is still under development. On 18 June 2020, 
Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment was 
adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation 
establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with 
a common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria 
for determining which economic activities can be considered as contributing substantially to climate change 
mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant 
harm to any other environmental objectives entered into force on 1 January 2022. The technical criteria refer to 
environmental regulations or standards of which a good knowledge will be essential to evaluate the "alignment" 
(or conformity) of an activity. In some cases, the verification of the alignment of an activity can be done by the 
competent national authorities or independent authorities or independent certifiers. It was completed by the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022, which entered into force on 1st January 
2023 and includes under strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic 
activities covered by the Taxonomy. However, the Taxonomy Regulation or the Commission Delegated 
Regulations mentioned above remain subject to further developments with regard to other specific economic 
activities. 
 
As a result, the definition of a "green" project or equivalently labelled project is now set for objectives related to 
climate change mitigation or adaptation, specifying the criteria required by a particular project to qualify as a 
"green" project, unless it is related to an economic activity identified in the course of finalisation. However, there 
is currently no established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) or market consensus as to what attributes 
are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as "social" or "sustainable" project or a project 
labelled as equivalent, and as such may not meet the criteria set by the EU taxonomy, or meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives. 
 
The second party opinion provided by Vigeo Eiris or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or 
not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and in particular with any projects included in the Eligible Green Loan 
Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan Categories to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria may not be suitable for investors. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Noteholders must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Privileged Notes. It is also 
specified that the providers of such opinions and certifications are and will be independent experts. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Privileged Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, 
or shall be deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its content. Currently, the providers of such opinions 
and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
 
In the event that any such Privileged Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines

--- Page 31 ---
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable 
laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or any Eligible Social Loan Categories. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing or admission to trading may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. Any such listing or admission to trading may not be obtained in 
respect of any such Privileged Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of the Privileged Notes. 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Framework as completed by the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the 
Eligible Social Loan Categories may not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner 
and/or accordance with any timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially 
disbursed for such projects and such green and/or social projects may not be completed (totally or partially) 
within any specified period or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer and (ii) the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds may cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer (and not only losses stemming 
from Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or Eligible Social Loan Categories) pursuant to BRRD II. In addition, 
Noteholders should note that the Issuer may change its Framework and/or the selection criteria it uses to select 
Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or Eligible Social Loan Categories at any time.  
 
Any (i) failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the Framework as completed by the relevant Final Terms, (ii) 
withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification being superseded by an opinion or 
certification stating that the Issuer has not complied, in whole or in part, with any matters on which the original 
opinion or certification had opined or certified, (iii) lack of Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or Eligible 
Social Loan Categories that the Issuer may finance or refinance, (iv) event or circumstances resulting in the 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market and/or (v) failure to provide or publish any reporting, will not constitute an Event 
of Default under the Privileged Notes, create an obligation for the Issuer to redeem the Notes, give a right to the 
Noteholders to request the early redemption or the acceleration of the Privileged Notes and/or give any claim to 
the Noteholders against the Issuer. 
 
Any such events as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Privileged Notes and also 
potentially the value of any other Privileged Notes which are intended to finance such projects and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
 
Privileged Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of any specific Tranche of Privileged Notes will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Privileged Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. The market values 
of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse 
effect on the value of the Privileged Notes. Therefore, holders of Privileged Notes issued at a substantial 
discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional 
interest-bearing securities. 
Investors could lose a substantial part of their investments in the Privileged Notes. 
Privileged Notes may be redeemed after their Final Maturity Date 
Pursuant to Condition 7(a), the Final Maturity Date of the Privileged Notes may be extended automatically to the 
Extended Final Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 7(a)) upon the occurrence of a Maturity Extension 
Trigger Event (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). The payment of the Final Redemption Amount may be 
automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Final Maturity Date if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, provided that all or part of the Final Redemption Amount unpaid on the Final Maturity 
Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Specified Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including

--- Page 32 ---
the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such 
extended period at the relevant applicable Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and be 
payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable Terms and Conditions. 
The extension of the maturity of the Privileged Notes from the Final Maturity Date to the Extended Final 
Maturity Date will not result in any right of the holders of Privileged Notes to accelerate payments or take action 
against the Issuer and will result in a delay of payments of principal on the relevant Privileged Notes. 
3. 
Risks related to the market 
Market value of the Privileged Notes may fluctuate and an active trading market for the Privileged Notes 
may not develop 
The Programme allows for Privileged Notes to be admitted to trading on Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or, 
subject to the notification of a certificate of approval to any relevant competent authority as may be requested by 
the Issuer, on any other regulated market of the European Economic Area. 
The market value of the Privileged Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of 
additional factors, including but not limited to, the volatility of market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date. The value of the Privileged Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, 
including economic, financial and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital 
markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Privileged Notes are traded. The price at which a 
Noteholder will be able to sell the Privileged Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.  
French law Privileged Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. German law Privileged Notes will not be admitted to trading on 
any stock exchange or any other market and a secondary market will probably not develop through other means. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Privileged Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
for Privileged Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Privileged Notes generally would have a more limited secondary 
market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the 
market value of Privileged Notes. 
In addition, there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Privileged 
Notes due to the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which continue at the date of 
this Base Prospectus). Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering losses on the Privileged Notes in 
secondary resales even if there is no decline in the credit strength of the Issuer or the performance of the 
Collateral Security assets. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change and if and when they 
do whether there will be a more liquid market for the Privileged Notes and instruments similar to the Privileged 
Notes at that time. 
Furthermore, the secondary market for securities is currently experiencing significantly reduced liquidity, which 
could limit investors' ability to resell Privileged Notes and materially and adversely affect the market value of 
Privileged Notes. 
Investors could lose a substantial part or all of their investments in the Privileged Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency" as defined 
in Condition 2(b)). The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Privileged Notes in the Specified Currency. 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Privileged Note, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Privileged Note and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Privileged Note. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive in payment less interest or

--- Page 33 ---
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. This may adversely and materially affect the Noteholders 
who could lose part of their investment in the Privileged Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS 
Certain tranches of French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency at the date of the issue of such tranches of French law Privileged Notes) may 
be offered in France in circumstances where there is no exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
(a "Non-Exempt Offer") under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), if the Issuer has given its consent in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
The consent to the use of the Prospectus (as defined below) relates to the Offer Periods (if any and as defined 
below) beginning within twelve (12) months from the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the 
Commission de surveillance du secteur financier. 
In the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, the Issuer may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, consent to the 
use of the Base Prospectus, together with any supplement with respect thereto that may be published from time 
to time and the relevant Final Terms (together, the "Prospectus") in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of any 
French law Privileged Notes during the offer period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") 
by:  
(i) 
any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers pursuant to Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II"), as specified and subject to conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and recommendations of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, without limitation and in each 
case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the French law 
Privileged Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions 
set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(c) considers the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified 
under the "MiFID II Product Governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; (d) ensures that 
any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that financial intermediary in 
relation to the offer or sale of the French law Privileged Notes is fully and clearly disclosed to investors 
or potential investors; (e) holds all licences, consents, approvals and permits required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the French law Privileged Notes under the Rules; (f) retains 
investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, 
if so requested, make such records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the 
appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with the Rules relating to anti-money laundering, 
prevention of corruption and "know your client" rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); 
(g) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any 
further conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
(in each case an "Authorised Offeror"). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have 
any obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall 
therefore have no liability in this respect.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in France, for the content of the Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") in France to whom an offer of any French law Privileged Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror 
and where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given and in compliance with all other 
conditions attached to the giving of the consent. However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any 
responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror 
with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law 
requirements in relation to such offer.  
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring in the periods beginning and ending on 
the dates specified for such purpose in the relevant Final Terms relating to France and provided that the relevant 
Final Terms have been duly published and specify that Non-Exempt Offers may be made to the public in France, 
all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use 
the Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional Authorised Offerors after 
the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to such

--- Page 35 ---
Authorised Offerors who are unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the 
relevant 
Final 
Terms 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf). 
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the Offer 
Period, any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its 
website a statement confirming that it is using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-Exempt Offer with the 
consent of the Issuer and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto.  
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-
Exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Prospectus in 
connection with its offer of any French law Privileged Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the 
Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised 
Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers.  
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any French law Privileged Notes from an Authorised 
Offeror will do so, and offers and sales of the French law Privileged Notes to an Investor by an Authorised 
Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such 
Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to the price, allotment, settlement/delivery 
arrangments and any costs or taxes to be invoiced to the Investor (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-
Exempt Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than 
Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the French law Privileged Notes and, accordingly, the Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-
Exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt 
Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or 
liability for such information or the consequences of its use by the relevant Investors.

--- Page 36 ---
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Unless the Issuer does not intend to issue French law Privileged Notes under the Programme for the time being, 
if at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 28 July 2024 a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this base prospectus 
(the "Base Prospectus"), which may affect the assessment of the French law Privileged Notes arises or is noted, 
the Issuer shall prepare and make available a supplement to this Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") as 
required by Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") or publish a replacement Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will submit such Supplement to the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier in Luxembourg 
for approval and supply each Dealer, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Commission de surveillance du 
secteur financier in Luxembourg with such number of copies of such Supplement as may reasonably be 
requested. 
In accordance with Article 23.2.a of the Prospectus Regulation, where the relevant Final Terms relate to an offer 
of French law Privileged Notes to the public in France, investors who have already agreed to purchase or 
subscribe French law Privileged Notes before the publication of the Supplement benefit from a withdrawal right 
within a time limit of two (2) working days after the publication of such Supplement if the new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before 
the final closing of the offer or the delivery of the French law Privileged Notes, whichever occurs first. That 
period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The date on which the 
withdrawal period ends will be stated in the relevant Supplement. On 28 July 2024, this Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Any Supplement shall be (a) published on the websites of (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
and/or (ii) Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf) 
and (b) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours, on 
any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer (1, rue Louis Lichou, 29480 Le Relecq-Kerhuon, France).

--- Page 37 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
previously or simultaneously filed with the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the "CSSF") and 
which are incorporated by reference in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
- 
the French language 2022 financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the 
"2022 
Financial 
Statements", 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2023-
03/rfa_scf_2022_v_def_08_03_2023_sans_signature.pdf) comprised of the statutory auditors' report 
thereon and the audited financial statements of the Issuer with respect thereto, 
 
- 
the French language 2021 financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the 
"2021 
Financial 
Statements", 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2022-
03/rapport_financier_annuel_2021_scf_vdef_complet.pdf) comprised of the statutory auditors' report 
thereon and the audited financial statements of the Issuer with respect thereto, 
 
and, for the purposes only of further issues of French law Privileged Notes to be assimilated (assimilées for the 
purpose of French law) and form a single Series with French law Privileged Notes already issued under the 
relevant EMTN Previous Conditions (as defined below): 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes" contained on pages 24 to 49 of 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 31 August 2011 (which was approved by the CSSF in 
Luxembourg) 
(the 
"2011 
Conditions", 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2014-06/prospectus-de-
base-credit-mutuel-arkea-public-sector-scf-31082011.pdf);  
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes" contained on pages 23 to 43 of 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 December 2012 (which was approved by the CSSF in 
Luxembourg) 
(the 
"2012 
Conditions", 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2014-06/base-prospectus-credit-
mutuel-arkea-public-sector-scf-19122012.pdf); 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes" contained on pages 53 to 75 of 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 August 2015 (which was approved by the CSSF in 
Luxembourg) 
(the 
"2015 
Conditions", 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2016-11/base-prospectus-
arkea-public-sector-scf-28082015.pdf); 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes" contained on pages 53 to 75 of 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 14 October 2016 (which was approved by the CSSF in 
Luxembourg) 
(the 
"2016 
Conditions", 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2016-11/base-prospectus-
arkea-public-sector-scf-14102016.pdf); 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes" contained on pages 54 to 76 of 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 October 2017 (which was approved by the CSSF in 
Luxembourg) 
(the 
"2017 
Conditions", 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2017-10/base-prospectus-arkea-public-
sector-scf-26102017.pdf); 
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes" contained on pages 78 to 103 of 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 November 2018 (which was approved by the CSSF in 
Luxembourg) 
(the 
"2018 
Conditions", 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2018-
11/arkea_ps_scf_base_prospectus_final.pdf);  
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes" contained on pages 42 to 77 of 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 2 July 2021 (which was approved by the CSSF in Luxembourg) 
(the 
"2021 
Conditions", 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2021-07/arkea_ps_scf_-
_base_prospectus_final45068480.1.pdf); and

--- Page 38 ---
- 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes" contained on pages 42 to 78 of 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 22 July 2022 (which was approved by the CSSF in Luxembourg) 
(the 
"2022 
Conditions", 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2022-07/arkea_ps_scf_-
_base_prospectus_-_update_2022_final_version1.pdf, and together with the 2011 Conditions, the 2012 
Conditions, the 2015 Conditions, the 2016 Conditions, the 2017 Conditions, the 2018 Conditions and 
the 2021 Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions");. 
To the extent that only the EMTN Previous Conditions are specified to be incorporated by reference therein, the 
non-incorporated parts of the previous base prospectuses are either not relevant for investors or are covered 
elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
So long as any of the Privileged Notes are outstanding, all documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus will be (i) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual 
business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer (1, rue Louis Lichou, 29480 Le Relecq-
Kerhuon, France) and (ii) published (a) on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
and/or (b) for at least ten (10) years from the date of their publication, on the website of the Issuer 
(www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf). 
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list above, 
the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein, is 
for information purposes only and has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority 
Except for the EMTN Previous Conditions, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
shall be read in connection with the cross-reference list below. For the avoidance of doubt, the non-incorporated 
parts of the documents incorporated by reference, i.e. the pages not listed in the cross-reference list below, are 
not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, do not form part of the Base Prospectus and are given for 
information purposes only. 
Cross-reference list relating to the 2021 Financial Statements and the 2022 Financial Statements 
INFORMATION 
INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
(Annex 6 of the Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 dated 14 March 2019, 
as amended) 
REFERENCE 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S 
ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION 
AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
2021 Financial Statements 
2022 Financial Statements 
11.1 Historical financial 
information 
 
 
- Balance sheet 
Page 19 
Page 18 
- Income statement 
Page 20 
Page 19 
- Notes 
Pages 23 to 28 
Pages 22 to 27 
- Cash flow statement 
Page 27 
Page 26 
- Auditors' report 
Pages 29 to 37 
Pages 28 to 35

--- Page 39 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW PRIVILEGED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, as completed in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms (as defined below, and together with the terms and conditions below, the "Terms and 
Conditions"), shall be applicable to the French law Privileged Notes. The terms and conditions applicable to the 
German law Privileged Notes are contained in the Agency Agreement (as defined below).  
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
In the case of Dematerialised Privileged Notes (as defined below), the text of the Terms and Conditions will not 
be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Privileged Notes (as defined below), either (i) the full text of 
these Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms (and subject to simplification by the 
deletion of non-applicable provisions) or (ii) these Conditions as so completed shall be endorsed on Definitive 
Materialised Privileged Notes.  
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
In this section, "Privileged Notes" refers only to (i) French law Privileged Notes (to the exclusion of German law 
Privileged Notes), except as otherwise provided and (ii) Privileged Notes of one (1) Series and not to all 
Privileged Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Privileged Notes will be issued by Arkéa Public Sector SCF (the "Issuer") under the terms and conditions of 
the French law Privileged Notes, as completed by the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") of such Tranche 
(as defined in Condition 2), as determined by the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) appointed from time to time in 
respect of one (1) or more Tranches (each a "Dealer") at the time of the issue. The Issuer is licensed as a 
specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of a société de crédit foncier 
("SCF") by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the "ACPR"), and is governed by Articles 
L. 513-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, as amended from time to time, in particular as they 
have been amended by the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 which transposes under 
French law Directive (EU) no. 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 
2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC 
and 2014/59/EU. 
The Privileged Notes will be issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated the date 
hereof, as amended or supplemented from time to time (the "Agency Agreement") entered into between the 
Issuer, Uptevia (as fiscal agent, principal paying agent and Paris paying agent) and CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg 
Branch (as Luxembourg paying agent and calculation agent). The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the 
calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the 
"Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". The holders 
of the interest coupons relating to interest bearing Materialised Privileged Notes (the "Coupons") and, where 
applicable in the case of such Privileged Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") and the holders of the 
receipts for the payment of instalments of principal relating to Materialised Privileged Notes of which the 
principal is redeemable in instalments (the "Receipts") are respectively referred to below as the 
"Couponholders" and the "Receiptholders". 
1. 
Definitions 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"French Commercial Code" means the Code de commerce. 
"French Monetary and Financial Code" means Code monétaire et financier. 
"Noteholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Privileged Notes" means 
(i) 
in the case of French law Privileged Notes, (a) in the case of Dematerialised Privileged Notes, the 
individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Privileged Notes; (b) in the case of 
Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes and 
the Coupons, Talons or Receipts relating to it; and (c) in the case of Materialised Privileged Notes in 
respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been issued and is outstanding, each person (other 
than a clearing institution) who appears as the holder of such Privileged Notes or of a particular nominal 
amount of interests in such Privileged Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and

--- Page 40 ---
with the applicable rules and procedure of any relevant clearing institution including, without limitation, 
Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate; and 
(ii) 
in the case of German law Privileged Notes, the registered holder of a German law Privileged Notes.  
"outstanding" means, in relation to Privileged Notes of any Series (including German law Privileged Notes), all 
the Privileged Notes (including German law Privileged Notes) issued other than (a) those that have been 
redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Privileged Notes to the date for such 
redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid as provided in Condition 8 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes, or, as applicable under the terms and conditions of the 
German law Privileged Notes, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of 
Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes 
that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes, (ii) (for the 
purpose only of determining how many such Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes are outstanding and 
without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes alleged to 
have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes 
have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for 
one (1) or more Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
"Programme Date" means the date of this Base Prospectus. 
"Regulated Market" means a regulated market located in a member state of the EEA within the meaning of 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") and appearing on the list of regulated markets of the European Securities 
and Markets Authority. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form 
The Privileged Notes are obligations foncières within the meaning of Article L513-2 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code.  
Privileged Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Privileged Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Privileged Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Privileged Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. 
and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code) will be delivered in respect of the Dematerialised Privileged Notes. 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au porteur), 
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit 
the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed in the 
books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant holder of Privileged Notes or in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Privileged Notes are issued in bearer form (au porteur) only. Materialised Privileged Notes 
in definitive form ("Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes") are serially numbered and are issued 
with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Privileged 
Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Final Maturity 
Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be)), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions 
are not applicable. Instalment Privileged Notes are issued with one (1) or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, securities (such as Privileged Notes constituting obligations under French law) in materialised form 
and governed by French law must be issued outside the French territory.

--- Page 41 ---
Materialised Privileged Notes and Dematerialised Privileged Notes may also be cleared through one (1) 
or more clearing system(s) other than or in addition to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Privileged Notes may be "Fixed Rate Privileged Notes", "Floating Rate Privileged Notes", "CMS 
Linked Privileged Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate Privileged Notes", "Fixed/CMS Rate Privileged 
Notes", "Floating/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes", "CMS/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes", "Fixed/Fixed 
Rate Privileged Notes", "Floating/Floating Rate Privileged Notes", "Inverse Floating Rate Privileged 
Notes", "Inverse CMS Rate Privileged Notes", "Zero Coupon Privileged Notes" or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination 
Privileged Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Specified Denomination(s)"), save that the minimum denomination of all Privileged Notes admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in France, will be of €1,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the issue of such Privileged Notes) or such higher amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Privileged Notes (including Privileged Notes 
denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, must have a minimum redemption 
amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the issue of such Privileged Notes). 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes shall be issued in one (1) Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Privileged Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Privileged Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised 
Privileged Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such 
Privileged Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts maintained by 
the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes, including, where appropriate, Receipt(s), Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Privileged 
Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any 
writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating such holder. 
(d) 
Method of Issue 
The Privileged Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Privileged Notes will be issued 
in series (each a "Series") having one (1) or more issue dates. The Privileged Notes of each Series will be 
interchangeable with all other Privileged Notes of that Series. Each Series of Privileged Notes may be issued in 
tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates and on terms identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and aggregate 
nominal amount of the Tranche.  
3. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Privileged Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes  
(i) 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes in registered form (au nominatif), whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the holder of such Privileged Notes, be converted into Privileged Notes in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be

--- Page 42 ---
made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Privileged Notes 
Materialised Privileged Notes of one (1) Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Privileged Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
4. 
Status 
The Privileged Notes, and where applicable, any related Coupons and Receipts constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5, privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank and 
will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or 
future notes (including the Privileged Notes of all other Series) and other resources raised by the Issuer 
benefiting from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by Article L. 513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (the "Privilège") and described in Condition 5 (including the German law 
Privileged Notes). 
5. 
Privilège 
(a) 
The principal and interest of the Privileged Notes benefit from the statutory priority right of payment 
(privilège) created by Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and the Noteholders 
shall benefit from all the rights set out in Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
(b) 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including book VI (Livre VI) of the 
French Commercial Code (difficultés des entreprises)), pursuant to Article L. 513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code:  
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans or assimilated receivables, exposures and 
securities referred to in Articles L. 513-3 to L. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
including any mortgage, charge, lien or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto and forward 
financial instruments referred to in Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(in each case after any applicable netting), together with the claims in respect of deposits made by 
the Issuer with credit institutions, are allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in 
respect of the Privileged Notes, together with any other resources raised by the Issuer and 
benefiting from the Privilège; it should be noted that not only Privileged Notes benefit from the 
Privilège; other resources (such as loans) and forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative 
transactions) for hedging Privileged Notes, such other resources and eligible assets of the Issuer, as 
well as the sums, if any, due under the contract provided for in Article L. 513-15 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code may also benefit from the Privilège;  
(ii) 
in the event of safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, or 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code against the Issuer, all amounts due regularly under the Privileged Notes, together with any 
other resources benefiting from the Privilège, are paid on their contractual due date, and in priority 
to all other debts, whether or not preferred, including interest resulting from agreements whatever 
their duration; Accordingly, until all creditors (including the Noteholders) benefiting from the 
Privilège, have been fully paid, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the 
assets and rights of the Issuer either in principal or accrued or future interest; and 
(iii) 
neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings 
opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the 
Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of Privileged Notes. 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules, as published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française (FBF), and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first (1) Tranche of the 
Privileged Notes of the relevant Series (the "FBF Definitions") and in the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 
ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as

--- Page 43 ---
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first (1) Tranche of the Privileged Notes of the relevant Series 
(the "ISDA Definitions"), have either been used or reproduced in this Condition 6. 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), in their updated versions applicable as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series, as may be supplemented, amended or superseded1. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by the ISDA, in their updated 
versions applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, as may be supplemented, 
amended or superseded2.  
"Benchmark", "Benchmark1" and "Benchmark2" mean the respective reference rate(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, which shall be either the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") or the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
("SARON"), the CMS Reference Rate or any other reference rate. 
"Business Day" means, in the case of: 
(i) 
Euro, a day on which the Real Time Gross Settlement System (T2) or any successor thereto (the "T2 
System") is operating (a "T2 Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) 
a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for that currency, 
and/or 
(iii) 
a Specified Currency and/or one (1) or more additional business centre(s) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no 
currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
"CMS Rate", "CMS Rate1" and "CMS Rate2" mean the relevant CMS Reference Rate(s) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"CMS Reference Rate" means the EUR CMS specified in the Final Terms relating to the relevant maturity (the 
relevant maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears on the Page, as at the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date or on any other relevant date. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Privileged Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first (1) day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, "Actual/365-FBF" shall mean the sum of (A) the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is three 
hundred and sixty-five (365) and (B) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is three hundred and sixty-six (366); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual-ISDA", "Act/Act" or "Act/Act-ISDA" is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred 
and sixty-five (365) (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by three 
hundred and sixty-six (366) and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is three hundred and sixty-five 
(365) (or three hundred and sixty-six (366) if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period). If the 
Calculation Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as follows:  
(x) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation Period;  
                                                 
1 Copies of such 2006 ISDA Definitions may be obtained, free of charge, at the principal office of the Issuer 
during normal business hours. 
2 Copies of such 2021 ISDA Definitions may be obtained, free of charge, at the principal office of the Issuer 
during normal business hours

--- Page 44 ---
(y) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out in the 
first paragraph of this definition; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" or "Act/Act-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case, where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and  
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365 F" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five 
(365); 
(vi) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360); 
(vii) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1) day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1) day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first (1) calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1) day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 45 ---
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1) day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first (1) calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Final Maturity Date (or the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate Privileged Notes to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first (1) 
day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first (1) Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Privileged Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) or such other 
date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) T2 Business 
Days prior to the first (1) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first (1) 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business 
Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first (1) day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first (1) Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Margin" means for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or base points for the applicable Interest Accrual 
Period, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, it being specified that such margin may have a positive value, a 
negative value or equal zero. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service (including, 
but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, 
section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information 
service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
"Primary Source" means, with respect to any Floating Rate Privileged Notes to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the primary source specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Privileged Notes and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions of these Terms and Conditions, as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 46 ---
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (4) 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money or swap 
market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR or CMS Rate, CMS Rate1 and 
CMS Rate2 is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone, and if SONIA is the relevant Benchmark, shall be 
London). 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Privileged Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of it 
first (1) became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Privileged Notes if 
earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised 
Privileged Notes that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Privileged Note or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Benchmark to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is 
most closely connected (which, if EURIBOR or CMS Rate, CMS Rate1 and CMS Rate2 is the relevant 
Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone, and if SONIA is the relevant Benchmark, shall be London) or, if none is so 
connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Rate", "Relevant Rate1" and "Relevant Rate2" mean the Benchmark(s) for a Representative Amount 
of the Specified Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the relevant Benchmark) equal to the 
Specified Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the 
Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose "local time" 
means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate Privileged Notes to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
the currency in which the Privileged Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate Privileged Notes to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(c)(ii). 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Privileged Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Privileged Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken Amount") is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken 
Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Privileged Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Privileged Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or any other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first (1) Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 47 ---
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms is 
(A) the "Floating Rate Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the "Following Business Day Convention", such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the "Modified Following 
Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the "Preceding Business Day 
Convention", such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant Business 
Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any 
date shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Privileged Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Privileged Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in accordance with the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Privileged Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms: 
(1) 
Rate of Interest = FBF Rate + Margin; 
(2) 
Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (FBF Rate1 – FBF Rate2)]; 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "FBF Rate", "FBF Rate1" and "FBF Rate2" 
for an Interest Accrual Period means (a) rate(s) (that) equal(s) to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which:  
(a) 
the Floating Rate, Floating Rate1 and Floating Rate2 is/are as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and  
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Determination du Taux 
Variable) is the first (1) day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and "Rate Multiplier" means the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), "Calculation 
Agent" (Agent), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de Determination du Taux 
Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the 
FBF Definitions, provided that EURIBOR means the rate calculated for deposits in euro 
which appears on Reuters page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate (Taux Variable)" specifies 
that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the 
relevant Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the 
length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is

--- Page 48 ---
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Privileged Notes  
(a) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2006 ISDA Definitions" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 6(c)(iii)(B)(a), "ISDA Rate", "ISDA 
Rate1" and "ISDA Rate2" for an Interest Accrual Period means rate(s) equal(s) to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a 
Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the "2006 ISDA 
Definitions" under which: 
1.  
the Floating Rate Option, Floating Rate Option1 and Floating Rate Option2 
is/are as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
2. 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
3. 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1) day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 6(c)(iii)(B)(a), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap 
Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions,  
and "Rate Multiplier" means the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If "Floating Rate Option" in the relevant Final Terms provides that the Rate of Interest will 
be  determined by linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to such Interest Accrual Period will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by linear interpolation between two (2) rates of interest based on the relevant 
Floating Rate, provided that the first rate of interest corresponds to a maturity immediately 
inferior to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the second rate corresponds 
to a maturity immediately superior to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. For the avoidance of doubt, 
"Mnimum Rate of Interest" shall refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin. 
(b) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2021 Definitions" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 6(c)(iii)(A)(b), "ISDA Rate" for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
1. the Floating Rate Option, Floating Rate Option1 and Floating Rate Option2 
is/are as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
2. the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
3. the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such 
other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
4. the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
5. the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Interest Commencement Date;

--- Page 49 ---
6. the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
7. the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for which 
purpose references to "Effective Date" and "Period End Date" (in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and 
any last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these 
Conditions); and 
8. if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
- 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph 3. above, the relevant Reset Date is 
the last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (x) 
as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as 
such in the Final Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as 
such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the "Lookback" 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will 
be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Day is as specified in the Final 
Terms, and the Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the 
Final Terms, the number specified as the "Observation Period 
Shift" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, Lockout Period Business Day is as 
specified in the Final Terms and the Lockout is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as 
such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the "Lockout" for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph paragraph 6(c)(iii)(B)(b)), except as 
otherwise defined in such sub-paragraph, "Calculation Agent", "Compounding 
with Lockout", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift", "Delayed Payment", "Designated Maturity", 
"Effective Date", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate Option1", "Floating 
Rate Option2", "Floating Rate", "Lockout", "Lookback", "Observation 
Period Shift", "OIS Compounding", "Overnight Floating Rate Option",

--- Page 50 ---
"Period End Date", "Reset Date", "Set in Advance" and "Swap Transaction" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to "Relevant Rate" 
under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Privileged Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall, subject as provided below or to Condition 6(e) below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms:  
(1) 
Rate of Interest = Relevant Rate + Margin; 
(2) 
Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (Relevant Rate1 – Relevant Rate2)]; 
at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest 
Accrual Period in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined on the basis of: 
(1) 
the Relevant Rate(s) (where such Relevant Rate(s) on such Page is/are a 
composite quotation or is/are customarily supplied by one (1) entity); or  
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant 
Rates appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms plus or minus the Margin, 
if any (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); and 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(1) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (a)(2) applies and fewer than two 
(2) Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the 
Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, plus or minus the Margin, if any (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two (2) Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines 
to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a 
Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two (2) out of five (5) 
leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, in the 
Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Principal Financial Centre") 
are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would 
customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a 
period equivalent to the Specified Duration (y) to leading banks carrying on business 
in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two (2) of such 
banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (z) to leading banks carrying on 
business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two (2) of such 
banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual 
Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period).

--- Page 51 ---
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Benchmark in 
respect of the Floating Rate Privileged Notes is specified as being SONIA, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compounded interest investment (it being understood that 
reference rate for the calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference 
rate) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from and including such London Banking Day 
"i" up to but excluding the following London Banking Day ("i+1");  
"SONIA Observation Period" means the period from and including the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Privileged Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days as specified in the Final Terms under SONIA Observation Shift Days;  
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking 
Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the relevant Page or, if the relevant Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi", means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA for such London Banking Day "i". 
If, in respect of that London Banking Day in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not available on the 
relevant Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) 
the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days 
on which a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate.

--- Page 52 ---
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of 
the Privileged Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors. 
Any substitution of the SONIA, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Privileged Notes and shall be published by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Privileged Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period, had the 
Privileged Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).  
If the Privileged Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
Conditions, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Privileged Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Privileged Notes shall, for so long as any such Privileged Notes remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Benchmark in 
respect of the Floating Rate Privileged Notes is specified as being SOFR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below, be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the SOFR Interest Determination Date as follows, with the 
resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
(1) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day 
during such Interest Accrual Period; or  
 
(2) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND; or 
 
(3) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND; or 
 
(4) 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND; 
 
where: 
 
"USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S.

--- Page 53 ---
Government Securities Business Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as 
follows: 
 
 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is 
a SOFR Interest Reset Date, the SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset 
Date; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other date specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
"SOFR Interest Reset Date" means each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, that 
the SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from 
and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be 
the SOFR with respect to the SOFR Interest Reset Date coinciding with the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following each SOFR Interest Determination 
Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"SOFR Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the date "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
before each Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 54 ---
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the Final Terms under 
SOFR Observation Look-Back Period; and 
"SOFRi-pUSGSBD" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to that day "i"; and 
"USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day following each SOFR Interest Determination Date, as 
follows: 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"d0", for any SOFR Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"SOFR Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the date "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
before each Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"SOFR Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
means the period from, and including, the date "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual 
Period to, but excluding, the date "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period 
(or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Privileged Notes become due and 
payable);  
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in the Final Terms under 
SOFR Observation Shift Days; 
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day 
"i". 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines on or 
prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current

--- Page 55 ---
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark 
for all purposes relating to the Privileged Notes in respect of all determinations on 
such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the right to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(d): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented in clause (3) of the definition of "SOFR" that can be determined by the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate privileged notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer decide 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer decide that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer determine that no market practice for use of 
the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; 
or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein.

--- Page 56 ---
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank 
for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark 
(or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if 
the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is 
not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor thereto; 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect 
of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website;

--- Page 57 ---
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred: 
(X) 
the sum of (a) the alternate rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable corresponding tenor 
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(Y) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(Z) 
the sum of (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
privileged notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD" means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any substitution of the SOFR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Privileged Notes and shall be published by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Benchmark in 
respect of the Floating Rate Privileged Notes is specified as being SARON, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the overnight interest 
rate of the secured funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant SARON Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1");

--- Page 58 ---
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on 
the SARON Screen Page (as defined below) at the SARON Relevant Time on such 
Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day "i"; 
"SARON Observation Period" means the period from, and including, the date 
falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" Zurich Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Privileged Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Zurich Banking 
Days as specified in the Final Terms under SARON Observation Shift Days; 
"SARON Relevant Time" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of 
trading on SIX Swiss Exchange on such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to 
be on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time); and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich 
for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the "SARON Screen 
Page") at the SARON Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and 
neither a SARON Index Cessation Event nor a SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred on or prior to the SARON Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall be the rate equal to 
the SARON published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator 
Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day on which the SARON was 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the SARON Relevant 
Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the 
SARON Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one (1) Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, then the rate of 
SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period occurring on or after that SARON Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if references to SARON were references to the SARON 
Recommended 
Replacement 
Rate, 
giving 
effect 
to 
the 
SARON 
Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking 
Day; or 
(ii) 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one (1) 
Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, then the 
rate of SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the relevant SARON 
Observation Period occurring on or after that SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to SARON were references 
to the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the "SNB Policy Rate") for 
such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if 
any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the "SARON Replacement Rate") will 
remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Privileged Notes and shall 
be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this sub-paragraph (e) by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest 
shall be the last SARON available on the SARON Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date

--- Page 59 ---
relating to such Rate of Interest calculation (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of 
SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the SARON Observation Period on or after 
such SARON Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published 
SARON (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(e): 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor 
administrator of the SARON; 
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the SARON 
Administrator; 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer): 
(1) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in paragraph (i) of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide the SARON; 
(2) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in subparagraph (ii)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (i) the date of 
such statement or publication or (ii) the date, if any, specified in such 
statement or publication as the date on which the SARON will no longer be 
representative; or 
(3) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in subparagraph (ii)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which the 
SARON may no longer be used; 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events (as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or 
confirming that the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SARON permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the SARON; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the SARON is 
no longer representative or will as of a certain date no longer be 
representative, or (y) the SARON may no longer be used after a certain date, 
which statement, in the case of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not 
necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and derivatives; 
"SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
(i) 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income 
securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(ii) 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, 
formula or methodology as described in clause (i) above, to be applied to

--- Page 60 ---
such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the SARON with such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate for purposes of determining SARON, such spread will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed income 
securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended Replacement 
Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
"SARON Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the SARON by any working group or 
committee in Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the National 
Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for 
purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest 
rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the "SARON 
Recommending Body"); 
"SIX Swiss Exchange" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor thereto; 
and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread 
to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the SARON with the 
SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median between the SARON 
and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the 
SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index 
Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events occurred). 
In the relevant Final Terms, if the paragraph "Benchmark" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be 
zero.

--- Page 61 ---
(d) 
Rate of Interest on CMS Linked Privileged Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each CMS Linked Privileged Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 6(l). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months, or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period, after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(ii) 
CMS Rate 
The Rate of Interest in respect of CMS Linked Privileged Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall, subject as provided below or to Condition 6(e) below, be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate + Margin; 
(B) 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate – Margin; 
(C) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate + Margin); 
(D) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate – Margin); 
(E) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2); 
(F) 
Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2)]; 
(G) 
Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (Applicable Rate – CMS Rate)]; 
(H) 
Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate – Applicable Rate)]; 
(I) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier x (Applicable Rate – CMS Rate); 
where: 
"Applicable Rate" means the rate (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Rate Multiplier" means the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event that the CMS Reference Rate does not appear on the Page on any relevant date, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on such relevant date the applicable rate based on quotations of 
five (5) Reference Banks (to be selected by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer) for such CMS 
Reference Rate (in each case the relevant mid-market annual swap rate commencing two (2) T2 
Business Days following such relevant date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to five significant figures with halves being rounded up) of such provided 
quotations.  
If, for any reason, the CMS Reference Rate is no longer published or if fewer than three (3) 
quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above paragraph, it will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a 
commercial and reasonable manner. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.  
(e) 
Rate of Interest in case of discontinuation of the Relevant Rate or Administrator /Benchmark 
Event 
In respect of CMS Linked Privileged Notes or, in respect of Floating Rate Privileged Notes, where Screen

--- Page 62 ---
Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, if an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate (other than SONIA, SOFR and SARON) at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any 
Prileveged Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and 
prevail over the other fallback provisions set out in Condition 6(c) and Condition 6(d). For the avoidance 
of doubt, the following provisions shall not apply and shall not prevail over the fallback provisions 
relating to SONIA, SOFR and SARON provided in Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(d), Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(e) 
and Condition 6(c)(iii)(C)(f). 
If at any time prior to or on any Interest Determination Date, the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that the 
Relevant Rate has been discontinued or that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred: 
(i) 
the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next following 
Interest Determination Date (up until which time paragraph ((c)(iii)(C)(b)) above will continue to 
apply)) appoint an agent (the "Relevant Rate Determination Agent") that shall determine, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner whether, for the purposes of determining 
the Relevant Rate on each following Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate is available. If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines that there is 
an industry-accepted Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent 
will use such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Relevant Rate (such rate, the 
"Replacement Relevant Rate"). The Relevant Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading 
bank or a broker-dealer in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency (which may 
include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS 
Linked Privileged Notes), (ii) an independent financial adviser, (iii) an affiliate of the Issuer and/or 
(iv) the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
if the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement Relevant Rate in 
accordance with the foregoing, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will also determine 
concomitant changes (if any) to the Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the 
Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, the Adjustment Spread, and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement Relevant Rate, and such other changes or adjustments necessary to 
make such Replacement Relevant Rate as comparable as possible to the Relevant Rate, in each 
case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Relevant 
Rate and such guidance promulgated by associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international financial and/or debt capital markets as the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent may consider relevant for such Replacement Relevant Rate;  
(iii) 
references to the "Relevant Rate" in these Terms and Conditions will thenceforth be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Relevant Rate, including any concomitant changes and adjustments 
determined in accordance with paragraph (ii) above. The determination of the Replacement 
Relevant Rate and such concomitant changes and adjustments by the Relevant Rate Determination 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and any other person and each Noteholder shall be 
deemed to have accepted the Replacement Relevant Rate and such related changes and 
adjustments pursuant to this paragraph (e); and 
(iv) 
as soon as reasonably practicable, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of 
the foregoing and the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 15) 
and the Fiscal Agent specifying the Replacement Relevant Rate, as well as the concomitant 
changes and adjustments determined in accordance with paragraph (ii) above. 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined that the relevant Relevant Rate has been 
discontinued and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, and for any reason a 
Replacement Relevant Rate has not been or cannot be determined on or prior to the next following 
Interest Determination Date, then no Replacement Relevant Rate will be adopted, and in such 
case, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest 
Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period); 
where: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula

--- Page 63 ---
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Relevant Rate Determination 
Agent determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
if no recommendation required under the sub-paragraph (a) above has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines and which 
is recognised or acknowledged as being a customary market usage in the international debt 
capital market for transactions or, if not, the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be; or  
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Floating Rate Privileged Notes 
and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes and a Benchmark, the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with this paragraph (e) and which is customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked Privileged 
Notes. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of any Floating Rate 
Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes and a Benchmark: 
(a) 
any material changes in such Benchmark; 
(b) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; 
(c) 
a relevant regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark.  
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended. 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence or approval in 
respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or 
will not be obtained; 
(b) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or will not 
be included in an official register; or 
(c) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark does not or will not fulfil 
any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or 
CMS Linked Privileged Notes, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Floating Rate 
Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, a Non-
Approval Event shall not occur if, notwithstanding that the Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Benchmark is not or will not be included in an official register because its 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence or approval is suspended, at the 
time of such suspension the continued provision and use of the Benchmark is nevertheless

--- Page 64 ---
permitted in respect of the Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes 
under applicable law or regulation during the period of such suspension. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component 
part(s) thereof) on the Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes. 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or refuse any application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in any official register 
which, in each case, is required in relation to the Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS 
Linked Privileged Notes, the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark under 
any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked 
Privileged Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any other similar institution (as 
applicable) for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates; 
or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any other similar 
institution (as applicable) for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) a group of the aforementioned institutions or (iii) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally 
recommended 
by 
any 
Relevant 
Nominating 
Body. 
If, 
following 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will determine, among 
those successor or replacement rates, that one which is the most appropriate, taking into 
consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Floating Rate Privileged 
Notes and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(a) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or 
will suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Benchmark which is required under any applicable law or regulation for any 
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect 
of the Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes; or 
(b) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be removed 
from any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under any 
applicable law in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked 
Privileged Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is or will be suspended or 
where inclusion in any official register is or will be withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or 
withdrawal, the continued provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the 
Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes under applicable law or 
regulation during the period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
(f) 
Interest on Fixed/Floating Rate Privileged Notes, Fixed/CMS Rate Privileged Notes, 
Floating/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes, CMS/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate 
Privileged Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Privileged Notes  
Where Change of Interest Basis is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final Terms each Fixed/Floating 
Rate Privileged Notes shall bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount at a rate that: 
(i) 
at the Issuer's option, the Issuer may elect to convert (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") on the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Switch Date"):

--- Page 65 ---
- 
from Fixed Rate (as defined in Condition 6 (b) and specified in the relevant Final Terms) to 
Floating Rate (as defined in Condition 6 (c) and specified in the relevant Final Terms) or from 
Floating Rate to Fixed Rate with respect to Fixed/Floating Rate Privileged Notes and 
Floating/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes; 
- 
from Fixed Rate to a different Fixed Rate with respect to Fixed/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes;  
- 
from Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate with respect to Floating/Floating Rate Privileged 
Notes; and 
- 
from Fixed Rate to CMS Rate or from CMS Rate to Fixed Rate with respect to Fixed/CMS Rate 
Privileged Notes and CMS/Fixed Rate Privileged Notes, 
it being specified that any Issuer Change of Interest Basis shall be notified by the Issuer to the relevant 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
automatically changes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or from Floating Rate to Fixed Rate, from Fixed 
Rate to a different Fixed Rate or from Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate on the Switch Date and 
from Fixed Rate to CMS Rate or from CMS Rate to Fixed Rate on the Switch Date (the "Automatic 
Change of Interest Basis"), 
provided that, in any case, if the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest Payment Date, the Issuer Change of 
Interest Basis will apply either from (i) the Interest Period including the Switch Date or (ii) the Interest Period 
following the Switch Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(g) 
Inverse Floating Rate Privileged Notes / Inverse CMS Rate Privileged Notes  
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inverse Floating Rate Privileged Notes or Inverse CMS Rate Privileged Notes, 
for each Interest Accrual Period, shall be equal to the Fixed Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms minus the 
Floating Rate or the CMS Rate, as the case may be, specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Fixed Rate, 
Floating Rate or CMS Rate, as applicable, and the respective amounts of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with the provisions applying to Fixed Rate Privileged Notes, Floating Rate Privileged Notes or CMS 
Rate Privileged Notes, as applicable.  
(h) 
Zero Coupon Privileged Notes 
Where a Privileged Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) pursuant to an Issuer's optional 
redemption or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 7(e) or otherwise and is not paid 
when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as 
the case may be) shall be the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be. As from the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), the Rate of 
Interest for any overdue principal of such a Privileged Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7(e)(i)(B)). 
(i) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Privileged Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Privileged Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well 
after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date. 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates of interest based on the applicable 
Relevant Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity corresponds to a maturity 
immediately inferior to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity corresponds to a maturity immediately superior to the length of the 
same relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(j), "Designated Maturity" means the period of time designated in the 
Relevant Rate.

--- Page 66 ---
(k) 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Instalment Amounts, 
Minimum Instalment Amounts, Maximum Redemption Amounts, Minimum Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (y) generally, or (z) in relation to one 
(1) or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (y), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (z), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(f) and 6(g) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to 
the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Instalment Amount or 
Minimum Instalment Amount or Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (w) if FBF 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, all percentages resulting from such 
calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (x) otherwise, all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven (7) decimals (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
Yen. For the purpose of this Condition "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(l) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Privileged Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Privileged Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Privileged Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. 
Where any Interest Period comprises two (2) or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. 
(m) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Privileged Notes for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the holders of Privileged Notes, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
the Privileged Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Privileged 
Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such 
Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated 
Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after 
such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 6(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 67 ---
(n) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four (4) Reference Banks (or such other number as may be 
required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one (1) or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Privileged Note is outstanding. If any 
Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, 
then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as 
such in its place. Where more than one (1) Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Privileged Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing 
its respective duties under the Terms and Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with 
the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris or 
Luxembourg office, as appropriate, or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
So long as the Privileged Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, 
that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Privileged Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the final maturity date (the "Final Maturity Date") (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the 
case may be) specified in the relevant Final Terms at its final redemption amount (the "Final Redemption 
Amount") (which is at least one hundred per cent. (100%) of its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Privileged 
Note falling within Condition 7(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a maturity extension trigger event(s) (each 
such event, a "Maturity Extension Trigger Event") as defined in Articles L. 513-30 and R. 513-8-1 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (as may be amended from time to time), the maturity of the Privileged 
Notes shall be extended to such date as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Extended Final 
Maturity Date"). 
If a Maturity Extension Trigger Event occurs and the Final Redemption Amount of such Series is not paid by the 
Issuer on the Final Maturity Date, then payment of the unpaid amount shall be automatically deferred and shall 
become due and payable on the Extended Final Maturity Date. However, any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the initially scheduled Final Maturity Date may be paid by 
the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date. During the extended period, interest will continue to be calculated and to accrue on any unpaid 
principal amount at the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the French law Privileged Notes.  
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 7, each Privileged Note 
that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date 
at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each 
such Privileged Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by 
reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Privileged Note, such proportion) for all purposes with 
effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Privileged Note, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Privileged Note, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, exercise of Issuer's Options and Partial Redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
days' prior irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 to the holders of Privileged Notes (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, or exercise any other option in relation to

--- Page 68 ---
all or, if so provided, some, of the Privileged Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (as defined in the Final 
Terms) or Option Exercise Date (as defined in the Final Terms), as the case may be. Any such redemption of 
Privileged Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption, if any. Any such redemption must relate to Privileged Notes of a nominal amount at least equal 
to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Privileged Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option shall 
be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of Materialised Privileged 
Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Privileged Notes shall also contain the numbers of the 
Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, 
which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of Dematerialised 
Privileged Notes, the redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised 
Privileged Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Privileged Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules thereof so require, the 
Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Privileged Notes, cause to be 
published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading financial 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Privileged 
Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Privileged Notes a list of any Materialised Privileged Notes, 
drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise of Noteholders' Options 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the 
Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days' notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Privileged Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on an option exercise date) the Noteholder must deposit with a 
Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form 
obtained during normal business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, 
within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Privileged Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to 
it the relevant Privileged Notes (together with all unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons). In 
the case of Dematerialised Privileged Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent with a specified office in 
Paris, as specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Privileged Note so 
deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Privileged Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Zero Coupon Privileged Note, upon redemption of such Privileged Note pursuant to Condition 
7(c), 7(d) or 7(g), as the case may be, shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Privileged Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the amortised nominal amount of any such 
Privileged Note (the "Amortised Nominal Amount") shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Privileged Note on the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, 
as the case may be) discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
amortisation yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as 
would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Privileged Notes if 
they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) (the "Amortisation Yield") 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
such Zero Coupon Privileged Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 7(c), 7(d) or 7(g) is

--- Page 69 ---
not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Privileged 
Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Privileged Note as defined in sub-paragraph 
(B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Zero 
Coupon Privileged Note becomes due and payable was the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made 
(both before and after judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or 
after the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Privileged Note on the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may 
be) together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 6(h). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Privileged Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Privileged Note (other than Privileged 
Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Privileged Note pursuant to Condition 7(g) 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(B) 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Privileged Note (other than 
Privileged Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Privileged Note pursuant to 
Condition 7(c) or 7(d) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Optional Redemption Amount" = Y × Specified Denomination 
where: 
"Y" means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any present or 
future Privileged Note be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes or duties 
whatsoever, such Privileged Notes may not be redeemed early. 
(g) 
Redemption due to illegality 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law, 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one 
(1) or more of its obligations under the Privileged Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than 
forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Privileged Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
arrears of interest). 
(h) 
Subscriptions and purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to subscribe and purchase Privileged Notes (provided that, in the case 
of Materialised Privileged Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons relating thereto 
are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) at any 
price, subject to any applicable laws and regulations and in particular to Article L.513-26 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. All Privileged Notes so subscribed or purchased by the Issuer may be held and 
resold in accordance with and within the limits set out by Articles L.213-0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, as amended from time to time. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Privileged Notes which have been subscribed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may at its sole 
option be held or cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  
Privileged Notes will be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Privileged Notes, by transfer to an account in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Privileged Notes, 
by surrendering the relevant Temporary Global Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes in 
question, together with all unmatured Coupons and Receipts and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Privileged Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Privileged Notes, all 
rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Privileged Notes and, in

--- Page 70 ---
the case of Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Privileged Note so cancelled or, where applicable, 
transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Privileged Notes shall be discharged. 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Privileged Notes shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant 
Account Holders for the benefit of the holders of Privileged Notes and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised 
Privileged Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), to an account denominated in the relevant currency 
with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the relevant holder of Privileged Notes. All payments validly 
made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the Specified Currency may be 
credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-
resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, shall be any country in the Euro-zone). 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes, Coupons and Receipts 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Privileged Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
annotation) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the 
District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes, other 
than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph 
(i) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
annotation) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final 
instalment will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of the relevant Privileged Note in 
accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the Definitive Materialised Privileged Note to which it appertains. Receipts 
presented without the Definitive Materialised Privileged Note to which they appertain do not constitute 
valid obligations of the Issuer. 
Upon the date upon which any Definitive Materialised Privileged Note becomes due and payable, 
unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
will be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Privileged Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling 
to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due 
for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten (10) years after the Relevant 
Date in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 10) or, if later, five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter.

--- Page 71 ---
Upon any Fixed Rate Privileged Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Final 
Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Privileged Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Privileged Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Privileged Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Privileged Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Privileged Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
of America with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Privileged Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in any 
jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will not be 
liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Privileged Notes, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme of the 
Privileged Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, Registration 
Agent or Calculation Agent and to appoint other Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or 
Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s), provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one (1) or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Terms and Conditions so require and provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms, (iii) a Paying Agent 
having a specified office in at least one (1) major European city (including, so long as the Privileged Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA and so long as the rules thereof so require, such city 
where the Privileged Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading), (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Privileged 
Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by the rules of 
any other Regulated Market on which the Privileged Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised 
Privileged Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders of 
Privileged Notes in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect of 
any Materialised Privileged Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Privileged Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the 
Noteholder (i) shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day, or (ii) shall not be entitled

--- Page 72 ---
to payment until the next following Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, or (iii) shall be 
entitled to payment on the immediately preceding Business Day (the "Adjusted Payment Date"), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. In case of Adjusted Payment Date, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed or prepared payment. In this paragraph, "Business Day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Privileged Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Privileged Notes, on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in the city of the Paying Agent's specified office, (C) in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant Final Terms and (D) (i) in the case of 
a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with 
a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, 
which is a T2 Business Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 8, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2 System or any successor thereto. 
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Tax Exemption  
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Privileged 
Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
No Additional Amounts 
If any law would require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any present or future 
Privileged Note or any present or future Receipt or Coupon relating thereto, be subject to withholding or 
deduction in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Privileged Notes, Coupons and 
Receipts (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders  
Subject to the provisions of the Condition 11(i) below with respect to Privileged Notes issued with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of issue), the Noteholders 
will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a masse (the "Masse"), which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the 
French Commercial Code as supplemented by this Condition 11.  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions and 
benefits which may accrue with respect to the Privileged Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders 
may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the terms and conditions of the 
Privileged Notes. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") and 
in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions"). 
(b) 
Representative 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative appointed in respect of all Tranches of 
all Series of Privileged Notes (including all subsequent Tranches in such Series) will be:

--- Page 73 ---
DIIS GROUP 
rmo@di isgroup.com 
12, rue Vivienne 
75002 Paris 
France 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay to the Representative an amount of 
three hundred euros (€300) per year and per Series of Privileged Notes so long as any of the Privileged Notes of 
such Series is outstanding. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any 
given Series. 
In the event of liquidation, resignation, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, a 
subtitute representative may be appointed. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary and except as provided by 
paragraph 1 of Article L.513-24 under the French Monetary and Financial Code) have the power to take all acts 
of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to 
delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative, except that, should safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) be commenced against the Issuer, the 
specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) would file the evidence of debt of all creditors (including the holders 
of the Privileged Notes) of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège pursuant to Article L.513-24 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions  
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or (ii) by unanimous 
consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous Decision"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder 
or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, 
on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(h).  
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Privileged Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One (1) 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of the 
Privileged Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a 
General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months 
after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one (1) of them to petition the competent court 
to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Each Privileged Note carries the right to one (1) vote or, in the case of Privileged Notes issued with 
more than one (1) Specified Denomination, one (1) vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest 
Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such 
Privileged Note  
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Privileged Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General 
Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such 
General Meeting or represented thereat.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 11(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on second convocation.

--- Page 74 ---
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text of 
the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the 
General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, 
during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General 
Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at the 
General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the French 
Commercial Code, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative has been appointed.  
(ii) Written Unanimous Decisions  
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken by 
Written Unanimous Decisions.  
Such Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without 
having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 11(d)(i). Approval of a 
Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code 
("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a 
resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may 
be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more of such Noteholders and shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(h). 
(iii) Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° of the French Commercial Code and the related provisions 
of the French Commercial Code shall not apply to the Privileged Notes.  
(e) 
Expenses  
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by 
Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable 
under the Privileged Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Privileged Notes of the same Tranche, and the holders of Privileged Notes of any other Tranche 
which have been assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with the Privileged Notes of such first 
mentioned Tranche in accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, 
be grouped in a single Masse. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Privileged Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Representative and to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of 
the French Commercial Code.  
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the Privileged 
Notes of such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French 
Commercial Code. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Privileged Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
(i) 
Full Masse

--- Page 75 ---
For Privileged Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at 
the date of the issue of such Privileged Notes), Condition 11 shall apply to the Privileged Notes subject to the 
following modifications: 
(i) 
the last paragraph of Condition 11(d)(i) shall not apply to the Privileged Notes; 
(ii) 
Condition 11(d)(iii) shall not apply to the Privileged Notes; and 
(iii) 
except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 11(e) shall be deleted 
and replaced by the following: 
"(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions." 
12. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes, Coupons, Talons and Receipts 
If, in the case of any Materialised Privileged Notes, a Definitive Materialised Privileged Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying 
Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is 
given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Privileged Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid 
to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Privileged 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Materialised Privileged Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
13. 
Limited recourse, Non-petition 
(a) 
Limited recourse 
By subscribing or acquiring any Privileged Note, each Noteholder will be automatically deemed to have: 
(i) 
expressly and irrevocably waived any contractual claim or action (action en responsabilité contractuelle) 
it may have against the Issuer or against any of its assets and any action for payment of any sum which is 
not expressed as being payable to it by the Issuer under the Privileged Notes and these Conditions; 
(ii) 
expressly and irrevocably agreed not to seek recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the 
Issuer under the Privileged Notes and these Conditions against any shareholder, member of the board of 
directors (conseil d'administration), chief executive officer (directeur général), vice chief executive 
officer (directeur général délégué) or agent of the Issuer, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any 
proceedings, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that any 
obligation of the Issuer under the Privileged Notes and these Conditions is a corporate obligation of the 
Issuer, and that no personal liability shall attach to or be incurred by the shareholders, members of the 
board of directors (conseil d'administration), chief executive officers (directeurs généraux), vice chief 
executive officers (directeurs généraux délégués) or agents of the Issuer, as such, or any of them under or 
by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer contained in the Privileged 
Notes and these Conditions or implied therefrom and, to waive any and all personal liability of every such 
shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil d'administration), chief executive officer 
(directeur général), vice chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) or agent of the Issuer for 
breaches by the Issuer of any of its obligations, covenants or agreements under the Privileged Notes and 
these Conditions; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to Condition 13(c), expressly and irrevocably waived any claim it may have (a) against 
the Issuer or against any of its assets for sums in excess of the amount of the assets of the Issuer which are 
available for making payment on such date subject to the rights of any creditor benefiting from the 
Privilège and (b) against any asset of the Issuer which are subject to the Privilège. 
(iv)  
agreed that, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, in the event of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer or resolution proceedings opened 
pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer, the amounts

--- Page 76 ---
due by the Issuer from time to time under the obligations foncières (including the Privileged Notes) and 
any other resources or liabilities benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their contractual due date, 
and in priority to all other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting 
from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège 
have been paid in full, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of 
the Issuer, either in principal or accrued or future interest; 
(v) 
agreed that, in accordance with paragraph 3 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings opened 
pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer will result in 
the Privileged Notes and the other debts benifiting from the Privilège becoming due and payable; and 
(vi) 
agreed that, in accordance with Article L. 513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
provisions of Article L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code (nullités facultatives de la période 
suspecte) shall not apply to payments made by the Issuer in application of the transaction documents 
executed in connection with the Programme. 
(b) 
Non-petition 
By subscribing to any Privileged Note, each Noteholder will be automatically deemed to have expressly agreed 
that prior to the date which is eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the latter of (i) the Final Maturity Date 
(or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of the last series of Privileged Notes (excluding 
German law Privileged Notes) issued by the Issuer under the Programme, or (ii) the date of payment of any sums 
outstanding and owing under the latest outstanding Privileged Note: 
(i) 
it will not take any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the winding-up, dissolution, 
organisation, for the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, liquidator, 
examiner, sequestrator or similar officer, or the opening of receivership proceedings or insolvency or 
bankruptcy proceedings (sauvegarde, redressement or liquidation judiciaire) or any other similar 
proceedings in any relevant jurisdiction, for the Issuer or for any or all of the Issuer's revenues and assets; 
and 
(ii) 
it will not have any right to take steps for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amounts payable to it 
under the Privileged Notes and these Conditions by the Issuer and shall not until such time take any step 
to recover any debts whatsoever owing to it by the Issuer otherwise than in accordance with, and subject 
to, these Conditions. 
(c) 
Privilège 
Conditions 13(a) and 13 (b)(ii) shall not prejudice the rights of the holders of Privileged Notes with respect to 
the payment of any claim benefiting from the Privilège. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further Privileged Notes to be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) with the 
Privileged Notes provided such Privileged Notes and the further Privileged Notes carry rights identical in all 
respects (or identical in all respects save as to the principal amount thereof and the first (1) payment of interest 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Privileged Notes provide for such assimilation, 
and references in these Conditions to "Privileged Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
15. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Privileged Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid 
if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date 
of mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily financial newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe or, so long as such Privileged Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market(s), in a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where 
the Regulated Market(s) on which such Privileged Notes is/are admitted to trading, which in the case of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, or (iii) so 
long as such Privileged Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such 
Regulated Market so permit, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, 
which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 77 ---
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Privileged Notes and Dematerialised Privileged Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur) shall be valid if published in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation 
in Europe or, so long as such Privileged Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), in a 
leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) 
on which such Privileged Notes is/are admitted to trading, which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Regulated Market is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort or, so long as such Privileged 
Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so permit, 
on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, which in the case of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Privileged Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form (au nominatif or au porteur)) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which 
the Privileged Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as 
required by Conditions 15(a) and (b), above; provided that (i) so long as such Privileged Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of that Regulated Market so require, notices 
shall also be published in a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies 
where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Privileged Notes is/are admitted to trading, which in the 
case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, or 
(ii) so long as such Privileged Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of 
such Regulated Market so permit, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, 
which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily financial English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Any notice given by 
publication shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of the first (1) publication as provided above. Couponholders shall 
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Materialised Privileged Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Privileged Notes, Coupons, Talons and Receipts are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Privileged Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts may be 
brought before the competent courts of the Issuer's head office.

--- Page 78 ---
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED PRIVILEGED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A temporary global certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Privileged Notes, which will be delivered on or prior to 
the issue date of the Tranche with a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). Upon the delivery of such 
Temporary Global Certificate with a Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of French law Privileged Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of French law Privileged Notes the accounts of 
subscribers (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) in other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts 
with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of French 
law Privileged Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems.  
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Privileged Notes will be exchangeable, free 
of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) and any successor regulation issued under the Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010 (the "Hire Act") (the "TEFRA C Rules") or in a transaction to 
which "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility 
Act of 1982, is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes; and  
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury Regulation section 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) and any successor regulation issued under the Hire Act as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership for Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the 
Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised 
Privileged Notes" means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Privileged 
Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to it all 
Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirement. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Privileged 
Notes, the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that in the event 
any further Materialised Privileged Notes which are to be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) 
with such first (1) mentioned Materialised Privileged Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 
14, the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty 
(40) calendar days after the issue date of such further Materialised Privileged Notes. 
In the case of Materialised Privileged Notes with an initial maturity of more than three hundred and sixty-five 
(365) calendar days (and that are not relying on the TEFRA C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall 
bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF THE UNITED 
STATES) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287 (a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 79 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Privileged Notes will 
be used (i) for financing assets referred to in Article L.513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or (ii) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the eligible green loan 
categories (the "Eligible Green Loan Categories" and such Privileged Notes being "Green Bonds"), eligible 
social loan categories (the "Eligible Social Loan Categories" and such Privileged Notes being "Social Bonds") 
or from both the Eligible Green Loan Categories and the Eligible Social Loan Categories (such Privileged Notes 
being "Sustainability Bonds"), as described in the relevant Final Terms and in Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's green, 
social and sustainability bond framework (as may be amended and supplemented from time to time, the 
"Framework"), 
which 
is 
available 
on 
Crédit 
Mutuel 
Arkéa's 
website 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37866/en/page-de-contenu-green-social-bonds). If, in respect of 
any particular issue, there is a particular use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Framework further describes the above-mentioned projects and is based on the Green Bond Principles, 
Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital Markets 
Association in their updated version or any more recent version such as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Framework may be further updated or expanded to reflect evolutions in market practices, regulation and in 
the Issuer's activities. The Framework describes, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the use and management of 
proceeds, the reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the 
relevant Privileged Notes. 
 
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion on the Framework, which is also 
available on Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's website. The providers of such second party opinion and verification are 
independent experts. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Privileged Notes. As a result, neither the 
Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its content. 
 
The Issuer will publish an annual report on its website detailing the allocation of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds and their impact until full allocation of the proceeds. 
 
Prior to any investment in Privileged Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to finance investments 
included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan Categories, as further specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, investors are advised to consult the Framework for further information.

--- Page 80 ---
MAIN FEATURES OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO SOCIÉTÉS DE 
CRÉDIT FONCIER 
Please note that this section should be read in conjunction with, as the case may be, any relevant instruction 
from the ACPR (formerly Autorité de contrôle prudentiel) or ministerial order published in respect of sociétés de 
crédit foncier. 
Entities entitled to issue obligations foncières 
Sociétés de crédit foncier are specialised credit institutions (établissements de crédit spécialisés) and authorised 
to act as sociétés de crédit foncier by the ACPR. 
The exclusive legal purpose of sociétés de crédit foncier is to grant or finance guaranteed loans or  public 
exposures and hold securtities, deposits and exposures under the conditions set out in the French Monetary and 
Financial Code.    
The legal and regulatory regime applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier results from the following provisions as 
they may be amended from time to time, and in particular as they have been amended by the entry into force of 
the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021, the decree (décret) no. 2021-898 dated 6 July 
2021, a ministerial decree (arrêté) dated 7 July 2021, the decree (décret) no 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 and the 
decree (décret) no. 2023-102 dated 16 February 2023, which transpose under French law Directive (EU) no. 
2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered 
bonds and covered bond public supervision (the "Covered Bonds Directive") amending Directives 2009/65/EC 
and 2014/59/EU: 
• 
Articles L. 513-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (as amended from time to time); 
• 
Articles R. 513-1-A et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (as amended from time to time); 
• 
The Regulation (règlement) no. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999, as amended, issued by the Banking and 
Financial Regulatory Committee (Comité de la Règlementation Bancaire et Financière, CRBF) (the 
"CRBF Regulation"); and 
• 
various ACPR's instructions applicable to SCF (as amended from time to time).  
Eligible assets  
The eligible assets of sociétés de crédit foncier comprise, inter alia:  
(i) 
secured loans which, in accordance with Article L. 513-3 I, 1° of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, include loans which are secured by a first-ranking mortgage or other real estate security interests 
that are equivalent to a first-ranking mortgage (une sureté immobilière conférant une garantie au moins 
équivalente) or loans that are guaranteed (cautionnée) by a credit institution, a financing company 
(société de financement) or an insurance company, qualifying for the credit quality step 2 (deuxième 
échelon de qualité de crédit) or above given by an external rating agency recognised by the ACPR as 
provided in Article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and that does not belong to the 
same group as the relevant société de crédit foncier. The property must be located in France or in any 
other member state of the European Union ("EU") or European Economic Area ("EEA") or in a State 
benefiting from the highest level of credit quality (meilleur échelon de qualité de credit) assigned by an 
external rating agency recognised by the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution) as provided in Article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(ii) 
exposures to public entities which are mentioned in Article L. 513-4 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, which are assets such as loans, certain debt securities or off-balance-sheet exposures to 
the entities listed below or fully guaranteed by them: 
- 
Central governments, central banks, public institutions or local authorities or their groups located 
in a Member State of the European Union (collectively, the "Eligible States"); 
- 
Central governments or central banks not located in an Eligible State, but who benefit from the 
highest level of credit quality (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) (established by a credit rating 
agency recognized by the ACPR); 
- 
International organizations referred to in Article 118 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 (as amended), multilateral development banks

--- Page 81 ---
referred to in paragraph 2 of Article 117 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 (as amended) and other international organizations and 
multilateral development banks benefiting from the highest level of credit quality established by a 
credit rating agency recognized by the ACPR pursuant to Article L. 511-44 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; 
- 
Public institutions and local authorities or their groups not located in an Eligible State if financial 
exposure to such persons are subject, for the determination of capital adequacy, to the same 
requirements as those used for central governments, central banks or credit institutions, or fully 
guaranteed by such persons, and benefiting from the highest level of credit quality established by a 
credit rating agency recognized by the ACPR pursuant to Article L. 511-44 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; and 
- 
Central governments and central banks not located in an Eligible State, public institutions or local 
authorities or their groups mentioned in the bullet point above benefiting from the second-highest 
level of credit quality (second meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) established by a credit rating 
agency recognized by the ACPR, provided that such exposures are limited to twenty per cent. 
(20%) of the total outstanding nominal amount of the Privileged Notes and other sources of 
financing benefiting from the Privilège; 
Eligible assets of the public sector entities described above include, among other things: 
- 
debt securities issued, or fully guaranteed, by one or more of the public sector entities mentioned 
above; 
- 
monetary claims, including those resulting from a successive performance contract, against the public 
sector entities referred to above, or fully guaranteed by one or more of such public sector entities; 
- 
debt stemming from leasing contracts or equivalent contracts to which a public sector entity referred 
to above is party in the capacity of lessee or tenant, or debt stemming from leasing contracts or 
equivalent contracts fully guaranteed by one or more of those public sector entities. Sociétés de crédit 
foncier that acquire debt resulting from a leasing contract may also acquire all or part of the debt that 
results from the sale of the leased property. 
With respect to the Issuer however, given its business activity, the sole eligible assets of the Issuer are: 
• 
the exposures to public entities referred to in paragraph (ii) above; and 
• 
the securities that are "assimilated to" such exposures to public entities, in accordance with the 
paragraph (iii) above where those securities are backed by public exposures complying with the 
criteria defined in Article L. 513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or other receivables 
benefiting from the same level of guarantees. 
Pursuant to Article R. 513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, sociétés de crédit foncier must keep 
the record of all loans made available by it or acquired by it. This record must specify the type and value of the 
security and guarantees attached to such loans and the type and amount of the liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège. 
In accordance with Article L. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the sociétés de crédit foncier 
are not allowed to make any other investments, except investments in securities, exposures or deposits within the 
conditions and limits set out in Article R. 513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the legal 
substitution assets).  
Pursuant to Article 12 of the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer shall dispose of a system for measuring overall 
interest rate risks under the conditions set forth in Articles 134 to 139 of the arrêté dated 3 November 2014 
relating to the internal control of credit institutions.  
Pursuant to Article 12 ter of the CRBF Regulation, the level of rate matching between the assets and the 
liabilities of the Issuer shall be verified by the Specific Controller. The ACPR will define the rules on inclusion 
and valuation of the forward financial instruments. 
Sociétés de crédit foncier must publish and send to the ACPR certain quarterly an annual information on their 
assets and liabilities the detail, content and form of which are set forth in the CRBF Regulation and the relevant

--- Page 82 ---
ACPR instructions (as they may be amended from time to time, in particular as they have been amended by the 
entry into force of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 which transposes under French 
law the Covered Bonds Directive). 
In addition, according to Article L.513-9 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 13 bis of the 
CRBF Regulation, the Issuer must publish within forty-five (45) calendar days of the end of every quarter a 
report containing the same information relating to the quality of its assets. Such report is available for viewing on 
the website of the Issuer (www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf). 
Cover ratio 
A société de crédit foncier must at all times maintain a cover ratio between its assets and its liabilities benefiting 
from the Privilège. In particular, pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, sociétés de crédit foncier must at all times maintain a ratio of at least one hundred and five per 
cent. (105%) as between its assets and the total amount of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, as 
calculated pursuant to Articles 6 to 11 of the CRBF Regulation, including claims for payment attached to 
forward financial instruments benefiting from the Privilège as well as any collateral received in relation to such 
forward financial instruments. 
For the calculation of this cover ratio, pursuant to Article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
when the assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40, 
L.313-23 to L.313-35 and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which are not 
liquid assets or short term exposures to credit institutions, the société de crédit foncier must take into account the 
assets received as collateral rather than the secured receivables. In addition, for the calculation of this ratio, 
sociétés crédit foncier shall take into account, under the conditions and within the limits defined by order of the 
Ministre de l'économie, exposures on companies belonging to the same consolidated group within the meaning 
of Article L. 233-16 of the French Commercial Code. Unsecured receivables deemed to be in default within the 
meaning of Article 178 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 (as amended) may not contribute to the calculation of the cover ratio. Moreover, assets that contribute to 
compliance with the cover ratio above the level of 100% are not subject to the limits applicable to exposures on 
credit institutions (établissements de crédit) defined in Article R. 513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code and are not taken into account for the purposes of calculating these limits. 
The ratio's denominator (Article 8 of the CRBF Regulation) is comprised of obligations foncières and other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège. 
The ratio's numerator (Article 9 of the CRBF Regulation) is made up of all the assets of the sociétés crédit 
foncier, weighted to reflect their category. In the case of exposures to public entities (expositions sur des 
personnes publiques), they are accounted for at their accounting value (one hundred per cent. (100%) 
weighting). 
Pursuant to Article 10 of the CRBF Regulation, the cover ratio of sociétés de crédit foncier is published 
quarterly (on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December) on the website of the Issuer 
(www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf). 
In addition, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and the Issuer have entered into agreements in order to ensure, by providing to 
the Issuer liquidity support or transferring to the Issuer additional eligible assets or otherwise, that the Issuer 
will, at all times, maintain an overcollateralisation ratio (also refered to as the asset cover ratio) between its 
eligible assets and its Privileged Notes equal to or greater than one hundred and five per cent. (105%) (see 
section "Description of the Issuer – Business Overview – OC Test"). As of 31 December 2022, the asset cover 
ratio was equal to 124,9% . 
A société de crédit foncier must appoint a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) with the prior approval of 
the ACPR whose task is to ensure that the required cover ratio is at all times complied with. In particular, the 
specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) must certify that the cover ratio is satisfied in connection with (i) the 
société de crédit foncier quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) any specific issue 
also benefiting from the Privilège which amount is greater than or equal to five hundred million euros 
(€500,000,000). The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) must verify the quality of the assets, the process 
of yearly revaluation and the quality of the asset liability management.

--- Page 83 ---
Liquidity Ratio 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer must, at all 
time, cover its treasury needs over a period of one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days period by eligible 
liquid assets listed in Article R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, taking into account the 
expected flows of principal and interest on its assets and net flows related to derivative financial instruments 
referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. The treasury needs are covered by 
liquid assets or short term exposures to credit institutions complying with the provisions of Article R.513-6 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code and with assets which are eligible for the credit operations of the 
Banque de France in accordance with the procedures and conditions set forth by the latter in the context of its 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations. In case of Privileged Notes for which the Final Maturity Date 
may be extended, the calculation of the expected flows in principal may be made on the basis of the Extended 
Final Maturity Date in accordance with the contractual terms of the Privileged Notes. 
In the case where the assets of the société de crédit foncier are composed of receivables guaranteed by collateral 
assets in accordance with Articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40, L. 313-23 to L. 313-35, and L. 313-42 to L. 313-49 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code, if these assets are not securities, exposures or deposits that are 
sufficiently secure and liquid as defined in Article L. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
liquidity needs are evaluated by considering the assets transferred as collateral security (and not the receivables).  
In addition, pursuant to the CRBF Regulation, a société de crédit foncier must ensure that the average life of the 
eligible assets held by it, up to the minimum amount required to comply with the overcollateralisation ratio 
referred to in Article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, does not exceed more than eighteen 
(18) months the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. 
To that purpose, when the assets of the société de crédit foncier comprise receivables secured by collateral assets 
pursuant to Articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40, L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 and L. 313-42 to L. 313-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, which are not liquid assets and short-term exposures on credit institutions, such as 
the Issuer, the société de crédit foncier must take into account the average life of the assets received as collateral 
rather than the average life of the secured receivables. 
Privilège relating to the Privileged Notes and certain other obligations of the Issuer 
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, notwithstanding any legal provisions 
to the contrary and in particular the provisions of book VI (Livre VI) of the French Commercial Code relating to 
the difficulties of companies (difficultés des entreprises):  
- 
the sums resulting from loans or assimilated receivables, exposures, titles and securities referred to in 
Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of French Monetary and Financial Code and from the financial instruments 
used for hedging as referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (in each 
case after any applicable set-off), together with the claims in respect of deposits made by a société de 
crédit foncier with credit institutions, are allocated by way of priority to the payment of any sums due in 
relation to the Privileged Notes, to other resources benefiting from the Privilège, as mentioned in Article 
L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, to derivatives transactions used for hedging, under 
the condition of Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and to ancillary expenses 
relating to the transactions referred to in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
- 
in case of safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) against the Issuer, or resolution proceedings 
opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer, the 
amounts regularly originated from the operations referred to in paragraph 2 of I of Article L.513-2 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code are paid on their respective contractual due date, and by way of 
priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interests resulting from 
agreements whatever their duration is. No other creditor of a société de crédit foncier (such as the Issuer) 
may avail itself of any right over the assets and rights of such société until creditors benefiting from the 
Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code have been fully paid 
off, either in principal or accrued or future interest; and  
- 
neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings opened pursuant to 
Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer will result in the 
acceleration of payment of Privileged Notes and other debts benefiting from the Privilège defined in 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.

--- Page 84 ---
Insolvency remoteness  
Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code precludes the extension of insolvency proceedings 
in respect of the société de crédit foncier parent company to the société de crédit foncier. 
The French Monetary and Financial Code provides a regime of sociétés de crédit foncier, which derogates in 
many ways from the French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings. In particular, pursuant to Article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in the event of safeguard proceedings (procédure de 
sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of a société 
de crédit foncier, or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code against a société de crédit foncier, all claims benefiting from the Privilège, including interest 
thereon, must be paid on their due dates and in preference to all other claims, whether or not secured or 
statutorily preferred and, until payment in full of all such preferred claims, no other creditors may avail itself of 
any right over the assets of the société de crédit foncier, either in principal or accrued or future interest.  
Pursuant to Article L.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the provisions of Article L.632-2 of 
the French Commercial Code, allowing an administrative receiver to render certain transactions entered into 
during the hardening period (période suspecte) null and void, are not applicable for transactions entered into by a 
société de crédit foncier or to legal transactions made in favour of a société de crédit foncier, provided that such 
transactions are made in accordance with their exclusive legal purpose as defined by Article L.513-2 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code and without fraud.  
Pursuant to Article L.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in case of the opening of any 
safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) against the credit institution which is acting as manager and servicer of the 
assets and liabilities of the société de crédit foncier, the recovery, management and servicing contract may be 
immediately terminated by the société de crédit foncier notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary. 
As a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), the Issuer is subject to Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms as implemented in France. 
Extendable maturity structure 
Prior to the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 and the decree (décret) no. 2021-898 
dated 6 July 2021, the practice of issuing obligations de crédit foncier with extendable maturity structures has 
developed among sociétés de crédit foncier.  
Such practice is now enshrined by decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021, the decree 
(décret) no. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021, the decree (décret) no 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 and the decree 
(décret) no. 2023-102 dated 16 February 2023. However, these provisions do not apply to obligations foncières 
issued before 8 July 2022. 
In accordance with Article L. 513-2 and Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société 
de crédit foncier may issue obligations de crédit foncier with extendable maturity structures, provided that: 
(i) 
the relevant maturity extension trigger(s) is(are) defined in Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code; 
(ii) 
the contractual terms and conditions of such obligations de crédit foncier specify the relevant maturity 
extension triggers; 
(iii) 
the Final Maturity Date of such obligations de crédit foncier is at all times determinable; and 
(iv) 
in the event the société de crédit foncier is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de 
sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de 
liquidation judiciaires) or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; 
(v) 
the maturity extensions do not affect the ranking of the investors in such obligations de crédit foncier 
or invert the sequencing of the original maturity schedule of such obligations de crédit foncier. 
With respect to the Issuer, the maturity of the Notes of a given Series may be extended in accordance with, and 
subject to, the provisions of Condition 7(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Labelling 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-26-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de crédit foncier may use, 
for its programme:

--- Page 85 ---
(i) 
the "European Covered Bond" label for issuances of obligations de crédit foncier or other resources 
benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with the SCF Legal Framework; and 
(ii) 
the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label for issuances of obligations de crédit foncier or other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with the SCF Legal Framework and 
the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 (as amended). 
If a société de crédit foncier either (i) requests the use of, or (ii) benefits from, the "European Covered Bond 
(Premium)" label, in accordance with Article L. 513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Specific 
Controller verifies that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013, (as amended) are complied with. 
Pursuant to Article 16 of the CRBF Regulation, the ACPR is responsible for the granting and supervision of both 
"European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels. The conditions and procedures for 
granting and monitoring these labels are detailed in Instruction no 2022-I-23 issued by the ACPR on 9 December 
2022. In particular, the ACPR publishes the list of obligations de crédit foncier that are entitled to use the 
"European Covered Bond" label and the list of obligations de crédit foncier that are entitled to use the "European 
Covered Bond (Premium)" label. Subject to the aforementioned verification of the Specific Controller and 
approval and supervision of ACPR, the Issuer intends to issue Privileged Notes that are entitled to use the 
"European Covered Bond (Premium)" label.  
On 8 July 2022, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution confirmed in writing, based on the 
information provided by the Issuer, that the Privileged Notes issued under the Programme can benefit at this 
stage from the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label.

--- Page 86 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Privileged Notes" will include German law 
Privileged Notes and French law Privileged Notes and the expression "Noteholders" includes any holder of such 
Privileged Notes, in the following section. 
Incorporation, duration and registered office  
The Issuer 
The Issuer was incorporated on 18 December 2001, under the name "Eurobretagne IX", as a French limited 
liability company with a board of directors (société anonyme à conseil d'administration). Its term of existence is 
ninety-nine (99) years from the date of its incorporation. From the date of its incorporation and until 
15 November 2010, the Issuer was a dormant entity owned by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and did not engage in any 
business activity. At the Programme Date, the legal and commercial name of the Issuer is "Arkéa Public Sector 
SCF". The Issuer is registered with the French Registre du commerce et des sociétés of Brest under number 440 
180 842. 
The Issuer is governed by: 
(a) 
the French Commercial Code; and 
(b) 
the French Monetary and Financial Code, and in particular, Articles L.513-2 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier. 
(for further description, see section "Main features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de 
crédit foncier"). 
As from 15 November 2010, the Issuer is a société de crédit foncier duly licensed as a French credit institution 
(établissement de crédit) by the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution). As 
a result of the entry into force on 1 January 2014 of the Ordinance no. 2013-544 dated 27 June 2013 relating to 
credit institutions and financing companies, the Issuer became a specialised credit institution (établissement de 
crédit spécialisé) as from 1 January 2014. 
The Issuer's registered office and principal place of business is located at 1, rue Louis Lichou, 29480 Le Relecq-
Kerhuon, France. The telephone number of the Issuer's registered office is: + 33 2 98 00 22 22. The website of 
the Issuer is www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf. 
The Crédit Mutuel Arkéa group 
The Issuer is the société de crédit foncier of the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa group (the "Group"). The Group carries 
out business in the areas of banking credit and savings, finance and insurance. With 9,000 employees and 
3,900,000 customers, it experienced further commercial expansion and built up its presence throughout France 
by entering into distribution agreements with external operators.  
The Group's basic unit is the local savings bank ("Caisse locale"). Each Caisse locale covers a limited 
geographic area, and its capital is held by customer shareholders in the form of shares. Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's 
capital is held by the Caisses locales of the fédération of Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and the fédération of Crédit 
Mutuel du Sud-Ouest. Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's fédération are members of Confédération Nationale du Crédit 
Mutuel (CNCM), which represents Crédit Mutuel's various regional groups. 
From a regulatory standpoint, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is the Group's consolidating parent company. It is licensed as 
such by the banking authorities. Crédit Mutuel Arkéa ensures that the Group's main financial ratios comply with 
the regulatory limits set by the banking authorities. It has received a general license for the Caisses locales of the 
two (2) fédérations. The Caisses locales do not receive individual licenses. 
As a regulated bank, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is subject to various controls by the French financial regulators 
(Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, Autorité des marchés financiers, etc.).  
In this organisation, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is the Group's lead company. Crédit Mutuel Arkéa also acts as the 
Group's capital markets and investment bank and as the holding company for the non-credit union and non-
mutual savings bank businesses. 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is managed by its board of directors (Conseil d'administration). Its by-laws (statuts) 
provide for a board of directors who are appointed by the general meeting of the shareholders for a period of 
three (3) years, but may serve any number of consecutive terms. The board of directors is chaired by a chairman 
(president) who ensures its efficient functioning and the provision of constant and complete information to it.

--- Page 87 ---
The board of directors has also appointed a managing director (directeur général) who is responsible for the 
general management of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and represents it in relation to third parties. 
Share capital and Shareholder's undertakings 
Share Capital 
The Issuer's authorised and issued share capital is one hundred million euros (€100,000,000) consisting of ten 
million (10,000,000) ordinary shares with a par value of ten euros (€10) each which has been fully paid up. 
On the Programme Date, 99.9 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital is held by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa.  
There is no authorised and unissued share capital. There are no securities which grant rights to shares in the 
capital of the Issuer. All shares have equal voting rights. 
Issuer's corporate purpose 
In accordance with Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which defines the exclusive 
purpose of the sociétés de crédit foncier and with Article 2 of the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer, the Issuer's 
general purposes both in France and abroad is:  
- 
with respect to its assets: 
o 
to grant or acquire exposures over public entities (expositions sur des personnes publiques), in 
particular, grant loans provided that such loans are secured, in accordance with Articles L.211-38 
et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, by the receivables against public entities or 
fully guaranteed by such public entities transferred by way of security (remises en pleine propriété 
à titre de garantie), 
o 
to subscribe for, acquire (by all possible means) and/or hold (i) units and debt instruments issued 
by French securitisation organisms (organismes de titrisation) or by similar entities, provided that 
the underlying assets of such units and debt instruments are exclusively composed of exposures to 
public entities, and/or (ii) securities, instruments and deposits sufficiently secure and liquid (within 
the meaning of the regulation applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier),  
o 
within the limits of laws and regulations then applicable, to subscribe for, acquire (by any means) 
and/or hold, Privileged Notes issued by the Issuer itself, 
o 
more generally, acquire (by all possible means) and/or hold any assets representing exposures over 
public entities (expositions sur des personnes publiques) that can be lawfully held by a société de 
crédit foncier in accordance with laws and regulations applicable thereto, 
- 
with respect to its liabilities: 
o 
obtain all the resources to which a société de crédit foncier is entitled, which include (i) the 
issuance of French law obligations foncières benefiting from the Privilège mentioned in Article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and (ii) the issuance of German law notes in 
registered form (Namensschuldverschreibungen) benefiting from the Privilège mentioned in 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
- 
as general matter: 
o 
to acquire (by all possible means) and hold any movable and immovable property which is 
necessary for the accomplishment of its corporate purpose or which derives from the recovery of 
its debts,  
o 
conduct all financial and banking transactions and conclude the necessary contracts, to achieve its 
corporate purpose: in particular, the Issuer may enter into financial forwards instruments to hedge 
its interests and currency on the loans and exposures set out in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, the Privileged Notes and other resources benefiting from the 
Privilège; 
o 
and more generally, conduct all operations related to its business or contributing directly or 
indirectly to achieve its corporate purpose, provided that such operations comply with laws and 
regulations then applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier.  
Notwithstanding the generality of the Issuer's corporate purpose, Arkéa Public Sector SCF has willingly agreed 
to restrict its activities only to granting or acquiring exposures to public entities as defined in Articles L.513-4 to 
L.513-5 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, as further described in section "Business Overview" 
hereunder.

--- Page 88 ---
Business overview  
The establishment of the Issuer takes place as part of the Group refinancing and is intended to lower the overall 
cost of funding for the Group by refinancing public exposures at a competitive cost.  
The assets of the Issuer will therefore mainly comprise advances to be made available by the Issuer to Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa.  
Collateral security 
All advances made available by the Issuer to Crédit Mutuel Arkéa will be fully secured (totalement garanties) by 
a pool of exposures to French public sector entities or guaranteed by such entities, so that each advance qualifies 
as exposure to public legal persons (exposition sur des personnes publiques) within the meaning of Article L. 
513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Such collateral security shall be a transfer by collateral 
providers (the "Collateral Providers") of eligible assets by way of security (remises en pleine propriété à titre 
de garantie) for the benefit of the Lender in accordance with Articles L. 211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code and the provisions of a collateral security agreement (the "Collateral Security 
Agreement"). 
For the purposes of the Collateral Security Agreement, an "Eligible Asset" to be transferred as collateral security 
shall be any Eligible Public Sector Receivable (as further described below) or any Additional Public Exposure 
(as further described below). 
Each Eligible Public Sector Receivable shall, on the date on which it has been selected to be transferred as 
Collateral Security (the "Selection Date") or on any other date specified below or (in the absence of mention of 
any such specific date) at any time, complies with the following cumulative criteria: 
(a) 
it is a receivable (i) owed or guaranteed in full by one or more public entities as defined in Article L. 513-
4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, such as central administration (administration centrale), a 
central bank (banque centrale), a public institution (établissement public), a local authority (collectivité 
territoriale) or a group thereof, of a member state of the European Union or party to the European 
Economic Area, of the United States of America, Switzerland, Japan, Canada, Australia or New Zealand 
(a "Public Entity") or (ii) secured in full by a guarantee over a receivable owed by one or more Public 
Entities pursuant to Articles L. 313-23 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (a "Public 
Sector Receivable"); 
(b) 
the Public Sector Receivable: 
- 
if it has arisen under a loan agreement, (i) it has been granted by the relevant Collateral Provider to 
any third party in the normal course of its business activities or (ii) it has been acquired by the 
Collateral Provider provided that, in this latter case, (x) the relevant debtor has had prior borrowing 
relationship with some Collateral Provider's affiliate and (y) the transfer of such Public Sector 
Receivable as collateral security will not result in the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all 
Public Sector Receivables acquired by any of the Collateral Providers and transferred as collateral 
security to exceed 20% of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all the collateral security 
assets on the Selection Date on which such Public Sector Receivable is transferred as collateral 
security. For the avoidance of doubt, a Public Sector Receivable shall not be a receivable against a 
special purpose entity or equivalent arisen under any securitisation transaction as contemplated by 
Article L. 513-5 of the French Monetary and Financial Code;  
- 
constitutes monetary claims, including those resulting from any successive performance contract, 
against one or more Public Entities provided that such Public Entity(ies) has(have) expressly and 
unconditionally waived, with respect to such Public Sector Receivable, any right to raise any 
objection which might result from its(their) relationship(s) ("exceptions fondées sur ses rapports 
personnels") with the originator of such Public Sector Receivable, in accordance with Articles 
L. 313-29 or L. 313-29-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or any equivalent 
provisions; or 
- 
constitutes debt stemming from leasing contracts or equivalent contracts to which a Public Entity is 
party as lessee or tenant ("crédit-preneur ou locataire"), or debt stemming from leasing contracts or 
equivalent contracts fully guaranteed by one or more Public Entities; 
(c) 
prior to the date upon which the relevant loan was made available to the borrower thereof or the relevant 
receivable was acquired by the relevant Collateral Provider, all lending / underwriting criteria and 
conditions precedent as applied by such Collateral Provider pursuant to its customary lending / 
underwriting procedures were satisfied; 
(d) 
the Public Sector Receivable is governed by French law;

--- Page 89 ---
(e) 
the Public Sector Receivable is denominated in Euro; 
(f) 
the Public Sector Receivable is not more than ninety (90) days past due; 
(g) 
the relevant debtor (or guarantor) under the Public Sector Receivable does not benefit from a contractual 
right of set off; 
(h) 
as applicable, the opening by the borrower (or the guarantor) of a bank account dedicated to payments 
due under the Public Sector Receivable is not provided for in the relevant contractual arrangements as a 
condition precedent to the originator making the loan corresponding to the relevant Public Sector 
Receivable available to the said borrower; 
(i) 
as applicable, the loan related to the Public Sector Receivable does not provide for the ability for the 
borrower to re-draw thereunder, or if it does, such loan has a set contractual amortisation schedule; and 
(j) 
as at the end of the current calendar month, the Collateral Provider transferring the Public Sector 
Receivable as collateral security complies with any and all eligibility criteria applicable to the Collateral 
Providers under the Collateral Security Agreement. 
If any Public Sector Receivable transferred as collateral security ceases to comply with one (1) or several of the 
above criteria (each, an "Ineligible Public Sector Receivable"), such Public Sector Receivable shall account for 
zero (0) for the purpose of the calculation of the OC Test (as further described below). The above criteria may be 
amended from time to time provided it is not likely to result in a downgrading, or withdrawal, of the ratings then 
assigned to the Privileged Notes. 
Under the Collateral Security Agreement, "Additional Public Exposure" shall refer to any debt instrument 
complying with the following criteria: 
- 
the obligor of the Additional Public Exposure (or the guarantor thereof, if any) is a public entity as 
defined in Article L. 513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, such as central administration 
(administration centrale), a central bank (banque centrale), a public institution (établissement public), a 
local authority (collectivité territoriale) or a group thereof, of a member state of the European Union or 
party to the European Economic Area, of the United States of America, Switzerland, Japan, Canada, 
Australia or New Zealand; 
- 
it is governed by French law; 
- 
it is denominated in Euro;  
- 
it benefits from the most favourable category of credit assessment (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) 
assigned by an external rating agency recognised by the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution) pursuant to Article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
it being provided that, if any debt instrument previously qualifying as Additional Public Exposure ceases to 
comply with one or several of the above criteria (as such, an "Ineligible Additional Public Exposure") and, 
where it is part of the collateral security assets, it shall account for zero for the purpose of calculation of the OC 
Test. 
OC Test 
Without prejudice to compliance with cover test provided by laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de 
crédit foncier (see Section "Main features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit 
foncier"), Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, as collateral security agent, shall monitor the collateral security so as to at all 
times it complies with a contractual cover test (the "OC Test"). 
The OC Test shall be made according to the terms, definitions and calculation formula set out in the Collateral 
Security Agreement. Compliance with the OC Test requires that the OC Ratio (as defined below) shall be at least 
equal to 105% (as of 31 December 2022, the asset cover ratio was equal to 124,9% ),  
whereby:  
"OC Ratio" means the ratio calculated as: 
- 
the Aggregate Asset Amount,  
- 
divided by Aggregate Privileged Notes Outstanding Principal Amount. 
"Aggregate Privileged Notes Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any relevant calculation date, the 
aggregate amount of principal (in euro or euro equivalent with respect to Privileged Notes denominated in a 
foreign currency) outstanding at such date under all Privileged Notes; 
"Aggregate Asset Amount" means, on any relevant calculation date, the sum of:

--- Page 90 ---
- 
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Public Sector Receivables transferred as collateral 
security which are not Ineligible Public Sector Receivables, 
- 
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Additional Public Exposures transferred as collateral 
security and which are not an Ineligible Additional Public Exposures; 
- 
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the other assets held by the Issuer and which are eligible 
for the calculation of the regulatory test in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés 
de crédit foncier; and 
- 
the aggregate amount of cash deposited as cash collateral by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa which is still standing 
to the credit of the relevant cash collateral account. 
Other assets 
In order to comply with the regulatory cover test described in Section "Main features of the legislation and 
regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier", the Issuer may also purchase substitution assets (the 
"Substitution Assets") which comply with its by-laws (statuts) and the provisions of Article L.513-2 to L.513-7 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code. In accordance with L.513-2 II of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, such purchase shall be financed by any authorised resources which shall not benefit from the Privilège 
defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Funding of the advances 
Advances made by the Issuer will be financed by debt benefiting from the Privilège described in Section "Main 
features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier", which includes Privileged Notes 
or other resources, expressly providing for in the relevant agreement that they benefit from the Privilège. These 
other resources benefiting from the Privilège include registered notes governed by German law, which are 
designed for German institutional investors and subject to private placement. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer's subordinated debt ("dettes subordonnées") amounted to €0 and the 
nominal amount of all outstanding Notes issued by the Issuer amounted to €1,837,000,000.00 of principal and 
€8,853,930.55 of interests. Such Notes are scheduled to mature no later than 19 October 2046. 
As of 26 July 2023, the Issuer's debt securities ("dettes représentées par un titre") amounted to 
€2,608,245,741.53.   
The Privileged Notes are expected to be rated Aaa by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's") and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg stock exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. By offering to the market such Aaa rated Privileged Notes, which are a reflection, 
among other factors, of the intrinsic quality of the assets of the Issuer, the Issuer aims to increase the 
competitiveness of the Group. By providing the market with an additional counterparty (in addition to Crédit 
Mutuel Arkéa), the Issuer should increase the Group's investor base.  
The credit ratings address, in respect of Moody's, the expected loss which the investors are exposed to in respect 
of the Privileged Notes. 
Subsidiaries  
According to Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer, as a société de crédit 
foncier, is not allowed to hold shares in other companies. 
Management of the Issuer  
The Issuer is administrated by a board of directors (Conseil d'administration).  
The chairman, the chief executive officer and the vice chief executive officer 
Mr. Marc PARADIS, chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration), Mr. Philippe 
BAUDA, chief executive officer (directeur général) and Mr. Julien LE CALVEZ, vice chief executive officer 
(directeur général délégué) are responsible for the conduct of the Issuer's activities vis-à-vis the French financial 
regulator in accordance with Article L.511-13 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
In accordance with French applicable corporate laws, each of the chief executive officer (directeur général) and 
the vice chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) represents the Issuer vis-à-vis third parties. The 
chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) ensures the efficient functioning of the 
board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
Board of directors (conseil d'administration)

--- Page 91 ---
The board of directors (conseil d'administration) consists of a minimum of three (3) members and a maximum of 
eighteen (18) members. The term of office is three (3) years. 
Members of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) 
On the Programme Date, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) consists of seven (7) members.  
Name and Position 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date of appointment 
Mr. Marc PARADIS 
Chairman of the board of directors  
 
 
 
 
10 December 2020 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa  
Represented by Mrs. Sylvie LE DOUCEN DINAHET 
 
 
22 April 2021 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Julien LE CALVEZ 
Deputy chief executive officer and effective manager 
 
 
4 March 2021 
Arkéa Banque Entreprises et Institutionnels 
Represented by Mrs. Anne LE CLAIR  
 
 
 
 
22 October 2010 
Mr. Jérôme BEZARD  
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 April 2018 
Mr. Pierrick LE DRO 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 April 2018 
Mr. Marc QUINCAMPOIX 
 
 
 
 
 
12 May 2022  
 
Mr. Marc PARADIS, chairman of the board of directors, is also chairman of the management board of directors 
of Financo, which is a subsidiary of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa. 
Mr. Julien LE CALVEZ, deputy chief executive officer and effective manager of the Issuer, is also vice chief 
executive officer (directeur général délégué) of Arkéa Home Loans SFH. 
Mrs. Anne LE CLAIR is also member of the board of directors (membre du directoire) of Arkéa Banque 
Entreprises et Institutionnels, which is a subsidiary of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa.  
Mr. Jérôme BEZARD is also chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) of a 
Caisse locale (the Caisse locale de Broons-Jugon).  
Mr. Pierrick LE DRO is also member of the supervisory board (membre du conseil de surveillance) of Arkéa 
Foncière, member of the board of directors (membre du conseil d'administration) of the fédération of Crédit 
Mutuel de Bretagne and chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) of a Caisse 
locale (the Caisse locale de Caudan).  
Rights and duties of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) 
In accordance with French applicable corporate laws and the articles of association of the Issuer, the board of 
directors (conseil d'administration) determines the scope of the Issuer's business activities. Without prejudice to 
the powers expressly granted to meetings of the shareholders, and in so far as the articles of association permit, 
the board of directors (conseil d'administration) deals with all matters relating to the conduct of the Issuer's 
business, within the limit of the corporate purpose (objet social) of the Issuer. 
The board of directors (conseil d'administration) shall carry out the inspections and verifications which it 
considers appropriate. The chairman of board of directors (conseil d'administration) or the chief executive 
officer (directeur général) is required to send all the documents and information necessary to perform this task to 
each director (administrateur). 
The chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) organises and oversees the work 
of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) and reports to the shareholders' general meeting. 
Rights and duties of the chief executive officer (directeur général) 
The general management of the Issuer shall be performed by the chief executive officer (directeur général). The 
chief executive officer (directeur général) shall have the most extensive powers to act on behalf of the Issuer in 
all circumstances, but will exercise its powers subject to those that the law allocates explicitly to shareholders' 
meetings and to the board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
With regard to the shareholders, the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer provides that some actions shall not be able to 
be taken by the chairman (président), nor by any chief executive officer (directeur général) whatsoever, without 
the prior consent of the board of directors (conseil d'administration). Such provisions of the by-laws (statuts) of

--- Page 92 ---
the Issuer restricting the actions of the chairman (président) or the chief executive officer (directeur général) 
may take are not enforceable against third parties. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between the duties to it by the members of the board of directors, 
their private interests and any other duties. 
Compliance with the corporate governance regulations 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regulations applicable to French companies. 
Staff  
The Issuer has no employees. Its technical administration has been subcontracted to its parent, Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa, which acts in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer's board of directors. 
Membership of professional organisation  
The Issuer is member of Association Française des Sociétés Financières, 24, avenue de la Grande Armée, 75584 
Paris cedex 17. 
Independent Auditors  
The Issuer has appointed two (2) statutory auditors (Commissaires aux comptes) and two (2) vice statutory 
auditors (Commissaires aux comptes suppléants) in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are: 
(a) 
Deloitte & Associés, 6 place de la Pyarmide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France; and 
(b) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63 rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly sur Seine Cedex, France. 
They are regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires aux 
comptes. 
Specific controller (Contrôleur spécifique)  
The Issuer has appointed, in accordance with Articles L.513-23 to L.513-24 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code a specific controller (Contrôleur spécifique), and a substitute specific controller (Contrôleur 
spécifique suppléant), who are selected from the official list of auditors and are appointed by the board of 
directors of the Issuer with the approval of the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution).  
The specific controller (Contrôleur spécifique) ensures that the Issuer complies with the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (in particular, verifying the quality and the eligibility of the assets and the cover ratios). He also 
monitors the balance between the Issuer's assets and liabilities in terms of rates and maturity (cash flow 
adequacy) and notifies the board of directors of the Issuer and the French Banking Authority (Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) if he considers such balance to be unsatisfactory. The specific controller 
(Contrôleur spécifique) attends all shareholders' meetings and, on his request, may be heard by the board of 
directors (Article L.513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code). 
The specific controller (Contrôleur spécifique titulaire) of the Issuer is Cailliau Dedouit et Associés, 19 rue 
Clément Marot, 75008 Paris, France, represented by Mr. Laurent Brun. The substitute specific controller 
(Contrôleur spécifique suppléant) is Mr. Rémi Savournin.

--- Page 93 ---
MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ARKÉA PUBLIC SECTOR SCF AND 
CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Privileged Notes" will include German law 
Privileged Notes and French law Privileged Notes and the expression "Noteholders" includes any holder of such 
Privileged Notes, in the following section. 
As mentioned and/or further described in sections "Description of the Issuer – Business overview" and "Risk 
factors", the Issuer has entered into several contracts with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, its parent company. The main 
contracts entered into between the Issuer and Crédit Mutuel Arkéa are further described below: 
- 
the Issuer having no employees and own resources, it has enterered into outsourcing services contracts 
with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa: 
(i) 
a contrat d'externalisation et de mise à disposition de moyens and an administrative agreement, 
setting out the conditions under which Crédit Mutuel Arkéa shall provide services for the 
fulfilment of the regulatory obligations of the Issuer in its capacity as financial company subject to 
the legislative and regulatory provisions governing sociétés de crédit foncier, including in 
particular the accounting supervision (and in particular regulatory reporting), the legal and tax 
secretariat and the legal and tax assistance, the control of the risks, the permanent control, 
(including the compliance and the fight against money laundering) and the periodic control, and  
(ii) 
a convention de gestion et de recouvrement (in accordance with Article L.513-15 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code) setting out the conditions under which Crédit Mutuel Arkéa shall 
provide services in connection with the management and the recovery of the assets of the Issuer; 
- 
the Issuer has entered into an accounts agreement with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, which sets forth the terms 
and conditions under which Crédit Mutuel Arkéa opens and operates the bank accounts of the Issuer; 
- 
the Issuer has entered into a calculation services agreement with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, which sets forth 
the terms and conditions under which Crédit Mutuel Arkéa shall make certain calculations and 
determinations (but excluding all calculation and determinations to be made with respect to the series of 
Privileged Notes); 
- 
the Issuer has entered into a €10,000,000,000 multicurrency term facility agreement (the "Facility 
Agreement") with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, which sets forth the terms and conditions upon which the Issuer 
funds advances to be made available to Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (as borrower); 
- 
the Issuer has entered into a collateral security agreement made between (i) the Issuer, in its capacity as 
Lender, (ii) collateral providers (the "Collateral Providers") and (iii) Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, as borrower, 
Collateral Provider, collateral security agent and other technical capacities (the "Collateral Security 
Agreement"), which sets forth the terms and conditions under which the Collateral Providers will transfer 
title to eligible assets (as further described in section "Description of the Issuer – Business Overview") by 
way of security (remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) for the benefit of the Lender in order to 
secure, as they become due and payable, the payments of all and any amounts owed by the borrower 
under the Facility Agreement, in accordance with Articles L. 211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code; 
- 
the Issuer has entered into a cash collateral agreement with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, as cash collateral 
provider (the "Cash Collateral Provider"), which sets forth the terms and conditions upon which the 
Cash Collateral Provider shall fund certain amounts as cash collateral (gage espèces) so as to secure as 
they become due and payable the payments of all and any amounts owed by the borrower under the 
Facility Agreement;  
- 
the Issuer may enter into intra-group loan agreements with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa. Such intra-group loans 
will not benefit from the Privilège set out in Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code; and 
- 
the Issuer may enter into certain hedging agreements (and related hedging transactions) and/or other 
contractual arrangements with Crédit Mutuel Arkéa in order to mitigate the potential mismatch of the 
interest rates applicable to the Privileged Notes and to the Collateral Security and the potential mismatch 
of currencies of denomination of the Privileged Notes and the Collateral Security.

--- Page 94 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the French law Privileged Notes. The form of Final Terms 
applicable to the German law Privileged Notes is included in the Agency Agreement) 
[PRIIPs IMPORTANT/ PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The French law 
Privileged Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets 
in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as 
amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the French law Privileged Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the French law Privileged Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation]3 
PRIIPs IMPORTANT / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK INVESTORS – The French law Privileged 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended / the Insurance 
Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [(the "UK 
MiFIR")]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the French law Privileged Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the French law Privileged Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[4[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the French law Privileged Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the French law Privileged Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") / MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the French law Privileged Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]5. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the French law Privileged Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
                                                 
3 Legend to be included if (i) the French law Privileged Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared or (ii) the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the "Prohibition of sales 
to EEA retail investors" in Part A, item 30 should also be specified to be "Applicable". 
4 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the French law Privileged Notes taking into 
account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.  
5 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that French law Privileged Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of 
the amounts invested]."

--- Page 95 ---
market assessment in respect of the French law Privileged Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU 
non-legislative materials"), in respect of the French law Privileged Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the French law Privileged Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in [UK MiFIR / 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR")]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the French law Privileged Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]6. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the French law Privileged Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the French law Privileged 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]7]8 
OR 
[9[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPs TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the French law Privileged Notes taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 
February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the French law Privileged Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") / 
MiFID II]; EITHER 10[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the French law Privileged Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]11] OR 12[(ii) 
all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the French law Privileged Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider 
any negative target market]13. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the French law 
Privileged Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the French law Privileged Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
                                                 
6 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that French law Privileged Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of 
the amounts invested]." 
7 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the French law Privileged Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore 
there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II 
product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
8 Legends to be included if the French law Privileged Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
9 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the French law Privileged Notes taking into 
account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.  
10 Include for French Privileged Notes that are not ESMA complex. 
11 This list may not be necessary, especially for French Privileged Notes that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may 
be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
12 Include for certain ESMA complex French Privileged Notes. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed 
necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the French law Privileged Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
13 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that French law Privileged Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of 
the amounts invested]."

--- Page 96 ---
[The following language applies only where a Non-Exempt Offer is contemplated.] 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the French law Privileged Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 13), provided that such person 
is an Authorised Offeror (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 13) and that such offer is made during the 
Offer Period (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 13) and that any conditions relevant to the use of the 
Base Prospectus are complied with; or  
(ii) 
otherwise in circumstances in which the Issuer or any Dealer does not have to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) or a supplement to a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of French law 
Privileged Notes in any other circumstances.]

--- Page 97 ---
Final Terms dated [•] 
 
Arkéa Public Sector SCF 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 9695002BGH4R9KJFC936 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] obligations foncières 
(the "French law Privileged Notes") 
under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations foncières and other privileged notes 
Series no.: [•] 
Tranche no.: [•] 
Issue Price: [•] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 98 ---
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 28 July 2023 which was approved by the Commission de 
surveillance du secteur financier in Luxembourg (the "CSSF") on 28 July 2023 [as supplemented by its 
supplement(s) dated [•] which [was / were] approved by the CSSF on [•]] ([together] the "Base Prospectus") 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation / Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation")]. 
This document constitutes the final terms of the French law Privileged Notes (the "Final Terms") described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. A summary of the issue of the French law 
Privileged Notes is annexed to these Final Terms]14. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]15 [is] [are] 
available for viewing on the websites of (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and (ii) the 
Issuer (www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf) and copies may be 
obtained, upon request and free of charge, during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. [In 
addition16, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on / at] [•].]] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first (1) tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
French law Privileged Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [31 August 2011/19 
December 2012/28 August 2015/14 October 2016/26 October 2017/26 November 2018/2 July 2021[/22 July 
2022]] which was approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier in Luxembourg (the 
"CSSF") on [31 August 2011/19 December 2012/28 August 2015/14 October 2016/26 October 2017/26 
November 
2018/2 
July 
2021[/22 
July 
2022]] 
[(the 
"2011/2012/2015/2016/2017/2018/2021[/2022] 
Conditions")]. The [2011/2012/2015/2016/2017/2018/2021[/2022] Conditions] are incorporated by reference in 
the base prospectus dated 28 July 2023 which was approved by the CSSF in Luxembourg on 28 July 2023 [as 
supplemented by the supplement(s) dated [•] which [was / were] approved by the CSSF on [•]] ([together] the 
"Base Prospectus"), which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus 
Regulation / Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation")].  
This document constitutes the final terms of the French law Privileged Notes (the "Final Terms") described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of section "Terms and Conditions of the 
French law Privileged Notes" which is replaced by the [2011/2012/2015/2016/2017/2018/2021[/2022] 
Conditions]. [A summary of the issue of the French law Privileged Notes is annexed to these Final Terms]17. The 
Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]18 [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of (i) the Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
(ii) 
the 
Issuer 
(www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf) and copies may be obtained, 
upon request and free of charge, during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and on the 
website of. [In addition19, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on / at] [•].]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
                                                 
14 Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000.  
15 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
16 If the French law Privileged Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
17 Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
18 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
19 If the French law Privileged Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 99 ---
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
(iii) 
Date 
on 
which 
French 
law 
Privileged Notes become fungible: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[Not Applicable / The French law Privileged Notes 
will, upon listing, be assimilated (assimilées), form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [[Currency] [Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of Tranche] [Title of French law Privileged 
Notes]] (the "Existing Privileged Notes") on [●]] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of French 
law Privileged Notes: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] (Insert amount or, in the case of a public offer, 
manner in which and date and time in which such 
amount is to be made public) 
[●] 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche [plus an amount corresponding to accrued 
interest at a rate of [●] per cent. of such Aggregate 
Nominal Amount for the period from, and including, 
the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the 
Issue Date (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] (one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised 
Privileged Notes) 
(The rules and procedures of the Relevant Regulated 
Market(s) and clearing system(s) shall be taken into 
account where choosing a Specified Denomination)20 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
[[●] (specify) / Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
7. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[●]  
(specify date or (for Floating Rate Privileged Notes, 
CMS Linked Privileged Notes, Inverse Floating Rate 
Privileged Notes and Inverse CMS Rate Privileged 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year) 
8. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[[●] (if applicable, specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Privileged Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year) / Not 
Applicable] 
8bis. 
Maturity Extension Trigger Event(s): 
[The Maturity Extension Triger Events, as set out in 
Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and 
                                                 
20Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Privileged Notes (including Privileged Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, must have a 
minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date of the issue of such Privileged Notes).

--- Page 100 ---
Financial Code, are the following: 
• 
non-payment on the initially set maturity date, 
of the principal or interest under a loan granted 
by the Issuer to Crédit Mutuel Arkéa; 
• 
non-payment on the initially set maturity date, 
of the principal or interest due under the 
Privileged Notes by the Issuer; 
• 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is subject to safeguard, 
reorganisation 
or 
liquidation 
proceedings 
(sauvegarde, 
redressement 
ou 
liquidation 
judiciaires) or of resolution proceedings opened 
in accordance with Article L. 613-49 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code; and 
• 
the Issuer is subject to safeguard, reorganisation 
or 
liquidation 
proceedings 
(sauvegarde, 
redressement ou liquidation judiciaires) or of 
resolution proceedings opened in accordance 
with Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code.]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis / Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/CMS Rate] 
[Floating/Fixed Rate] 
[CMS/Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed Rate] 
[Floating/Floating Rate] 
[Inverse Floating Rate] 
[CMS Rate] 
[Inverse CMS Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs 
[14/15/16/17/18/19]) 
10. 
Redemption / Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the French law Privileged Notes will be 
redeemed on the Final Maturity Date [or the Extended 
Final Maturity Date, as the case may be] at [100 per 
cent. / [●] per cent.] of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] 
[Instalment]

--- Page 101 ---
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs 
[20/21/22/23/24]) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable – Fixed/Floating Rate / Fixed/CMS Rate / 
Floating/Fixed Rate / CMS/Fixed Rate / Fixed/Fixed 
Rate / Floating/Floating Rate / Not Applicable]  
(further particulars specified in paragraph 17) 
12. 
Put / Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
(further particulars specified in paragraphs [20/21]) 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Date of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of French law Privileged Notes 
obtained: 
 
 
Decision 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
(Conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer dated [●]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Privileged Notes Provisions 
(Condition 6(b)): 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding/following/preceding and following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding the Interest Period including / up to the end 
of the Interest Period including / from the Interest 
Period including / following the Interest Period 
including / preceding and following] the Switch Date 
(If the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only 
for the Interest Periods preceding [and including] the 
Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date]) 
(i) Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly / [●]] in arrears] 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Final Maturity 
Date [or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case 
may be] 
(also specify the Interest Payment Dates if paragraph 
8 above is applicable) 
(this may need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupon)

--- Page 102 ---
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination [subject to the 
Broken Amount(s) referred to in subparagraph (iv) 
below] 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●] (insert particulars of any initial 
or final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s))]  
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/ 365-FBF 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 F 
Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[Not Applicable / [●] in each year] 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue 
Date or Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual / Actual (ICMA)) 
15. 
Floating Rate Privileged Notes Provisions 
(Condition 6 (c)): 
 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding/following/preceding and following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding the Interest Period including / up to the end 
of the Interest Period including / from the Interest 
Period including / following the Interest Period 
including / preceding and following] the Switch Date 
(If the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only 
for the Interest Periods preceding [and including] the 
Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date]) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] (subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in subparagraph (v) 
below) 
(also specify the Specified Interest Payment Dates if 
paragraph 8 above is applicable)

--- Page 103 ---
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[[●] / Interest Payment Date] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount) 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is /are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination / FBF Determination / 
ISDA Determination] 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Calculation 
Agent]): 
 
[●] (give name and address)/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
• Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and / or Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
Condition 6(c) (C) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 6(c)(C) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
• Benchmark: 
[Benchmark: specify] 
[Benchmark1: specify]  
[Benchmark2: specify] 
(specify Benchmark and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months])(additional information if necessary)  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short Interest Accrual Period, insert the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
• Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) / [●]]  
• Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
• Primary Source: 
[[●] (specify relevant screen page) / ISDAFIX2 / 
Reference Banks] 
(in the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph) 
• Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is "Reference Banks"): 
 
[[●] / As per Condition 6(a)] 
(in the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph) 
• Designated Maturity: 
[●]

--- Page 104 ---
• Relevant Financial Centre:  
[Paris / London / Euro-zone / [●] (specify the financial 
centre most closely connected to the Benchmark)] 
• Representative Amount: 
[●] (specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are 
to be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount) 
• Effective Date: 
[●] (specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual Period) 
• Specified Duration: 
[●] (specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period) 
• [SONIA Observation Shift Days: 
[[●] London Banking Days / Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
• [SOFR Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
• [SOFR Observation Shift Days: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(specify) / Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
• [SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR 
Lookback 
Compound 
/ 
SOFR 
Shift 
Compound]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
• [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
• [SARON 
Observation 
Shift 
Days: 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
• Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and / or Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
Condition 6(c) (A) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 6(c)(A) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
• Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[Floating Rate: specify] 
[Floating Rate1: specify] 
[Floating Rate2: specify] 
(specify Benchmark and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months])  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear

--- Page 105 ---
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short Interest Accrual Period, insert the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination] 
(additional information if necessary) 
• Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
 
 
[●] 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
• ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[Floating Rate Option: specify] 
[Floating Rate Option1: specify] 
[Floating Rate Option2: specify] 
(specify Benchmark and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months])  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short Interest Accrual Period, insert the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
(additional information if necessary)  
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
[A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate] 
• Reset Date: 
[●] 
[In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the first day 
of the interest period] 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is selected – otherwise, delete) 
• [Calculation Period: 
[] 
• Fixing Day: 
[] 
• Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [] 
• Termination Date: 
As per Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)(b) / [] 
• Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no 
number is specified, the applicable number of days 
shall be five (5) days)] / [Not Applicable] 
• Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an

--- Page 106 ---
overnight rate) 
• OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
• Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
• Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Perio Shift: [] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5) 
• Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
• Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
[] 
• Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant 
financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
• 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and the Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] / [Not Applicable] ] 
 
(xii) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0/ [●] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable / [●] per cent. per annum] 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 F 
Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis

--- Page 107 ---
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
16. 
CMS Linked Privileged Note Provisions 
(Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding/following/preceding and following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding the Interest Period including / up to the end 
of the Interest Period including / from the Interest 
Period including / following the Interest Period 
including / preceding and following] the Switch Date 
(If the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
Condition 6(d)(ii) formula [A/B/C/D/E/F/G/H/I] shall 
apply  
(specify which formula set out in Condition 6(d) shall 
be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/ specify dates] 
 
(v) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/  
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 6(a)): 
 
[●] 
(Specify the relevant Financial Centre(s) applicable 
pursuant to Condition 6(a))/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Calculation Agent]): 
[●] (give name and address) /[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
CMS Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate: specify] [CMS Rate1 : specify] [CMS 
Rate2 : specify] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Time 
[[●] / 11:00 a.m. Frankfurt time [in case of EUR-ISDA-
EURIBOR Swap Rate – 11:00]] 
 
(xii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[●]/[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Specified Interest Payment Date]] 
 
(xiii) 
Page(s): 
[Reuters page "ISDAFIX2" under the heading 
"EURIBOR BASIS"/[●]]

--- Page 108 ---
(xiv) 
Applicable Rate: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
 
(xv) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
 
(xvi) 
Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xvii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0/ [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xviii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●]per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 F 
Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
17. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Privileged Notes 
Provisions, Fixed/CMS Rate Privileged 
Notes Provisions, Floating/Fixed Rate 
Privileged Notes Provisions, CMS/Fixed 
Rate 
Privileged 
Notes 
Provisions, 
Fixed/Fixed 
Rate 
Privileged 
Notes 
Provisions 
or 
Floating/Floating 
Rate 
Privileged Notes Provisions (Condition 
6(f)): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [preceeding the 
Switch Date (excluded) (If the Switch 
Date falls on an Interest Payment 
Date)] / [preceding the Interest 
Period including the Switch Date / 
up to the end of the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date (If the 
Switch Date does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6(b) as 
further described in paragraph 14 above / Condition 
6(c) as further described in paragraph 15 above 
/ Condition 6(d) as further described in paragraph 16 
above]

--- Page 109 ---
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest 
Periods 
[following 
the 
Switch Date (included) (If the Switch 
Date falls on an Interest Payment 
Date)] / [from the Interest Period 
including 
the 
Switch 
Date 
/ 
following 
the 
Interest 
Period 
including the Switch Date (If the 
Switch Date does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6(b) as 
further described in paragraph 14 above / Condition 
6(c) as further described in paragraph 15 above / 
Condition 6(d) as further described in paragraph 16 
above] 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date / Not 
Applicable] (in the case of Automatic Change of 
Interest Basis) 
18. 
Inverse Floating Rate Privileged Note and 
Inverse CMS Rate Privileged Note 
Provisions (Condition 6(g)): 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Inverse Floating Rate Privileged Note 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[[●] / Interest Payment Date] 
 
(v) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable]  
(insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount) 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 6(a)): 
[●] (Specify the relevant Business Centre(s) applicable 
pursuant to Condition 6(a))/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination / FBF Determination / 
ISDA Determination]

--- Page 110 ---
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Calculation 
Agent]): 
 
 
 
[●] (give name and address)/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and / or Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
 
Condition 6(c) (C) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 6(c)(C) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
 
• Benchmark: 
[Benchmark: specify] 
[Benchmark1: specify] 
[Benchmark2: specify] 
(specify Benchmark)  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short Interest Accrual Period, insert the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
 
• Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
• Primary Source : 
[[●] (specify relevant screen page) / ISDAFIX2 / 
Reference Banks] 
(in the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph) 
 
• Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is "Reference Banks"): 
 
[[●]]/ As per Condition 6(a)] 
(in the case of SOFR, delete this paragraph) 
 
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Paris / London / Euro-zone / [●] (specify the financial 
centre most closely connected to the Benchmark)] 
 
• Representative Amount: 
[●] (specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are 
to be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount) 
 
• Effective Date: 
[●] (specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual Period) 
 
• Specified Duration: 
[●] (specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period) 
 
• [SONIA Observation Shift Days: 
[[●] London Banking Days / Not Applicable]]

--- Page 111 ---
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
 
• [SOFR Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
• [SOFR Observation Shift Days: 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(specify) / Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
• [SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR 
Lookback 
Compound 
/ 
SOFR 
Shift 
Compound]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
• [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
• [SARON 
Observation 
Shift 
Days: 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and / or Interest Amount(s): 
Condition 6(c) (A) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 6(c)(A) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
 
• Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[Floating Rate: specify]  
[Floating Rate1: specify] 
[Floating Rate2: specify] 
(specify Benchmark and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months]) 
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short Interest Accrual Period, insert the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
(additional information if necessary) 
 
• Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
 
 
[●]

--- Page 112 ---
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[Floating Rate Option: specify]  
[Floating Rate Option1: specify] 
[Floating Rate Option2: specify] 
(specify Benchmark and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months])  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short Interest Accrual Period, insert the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period(s) and the relevant two rates 
used for such determination) 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
(additional information if necessary) 
 
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
[A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate] 
 
• Reset Date: 
[●] 
[In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the first day 
of the interest period] 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is selected – otherwise, delete) 
 
• [Calculation Period: 
[] 
 
• Fixing Day: 
[] 
 
• Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [] 
 
• Termination Date: 
As per Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)(b) / [] 
 
• Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no 
number is specified, the applicable number of days 
shall be five (5) days)] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
 
• OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate)

--- Page 113 ---
• Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
• Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Perio Shift: [] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5) 
 
• Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
[] 
 
• Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant 
financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
• 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and the Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] / [Not Applicable] ] 
 
 
(xiii) Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
 
(xiv) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 F 
Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 114 ---
(B) 
Inverse CMS Rate Privileged Note 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
Condition 6(d)(ii) formula [A/B/C/D/E/F/G/H/I] shall 
apply  
(specify which formula set out in Condition 6(d) shall 
be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(iv) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/ specify dates] 
 
(vi) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/  
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention] /[Not Applicable] 
(insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount) 
 
(viii) Relevant 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 6(a)): 
 
[●] 
(Specify the relevant Financial Centre(s) applicable 
pursuant to Condition 6(a))/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Calculation 
Agent]): 
 
 
 
[●] (give name and address) /[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
CMS Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate: specify] [CMS Rate1 : specify] [CMS 
Rate2 : specify] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Time 
[[●] / 11:00 a.m. Frankfurt time [in case of EUR-
ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate – 11:00]] 
 
(xii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[●]/[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Specified Interest Payment Date]] 
(xiii) 
Page(s): 
[Reuters page "ISDAFIX2" under the heading 
"EURIBOR BASIS"/[●]]

--- Page 115 ---
(xiv) 
Applicable Rate: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
 
(xv) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
 
(xvi) 
Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xvii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0/ [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xviii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 F 
Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Privileged Notes Provisions 
(Condition 6(h)): 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 F 
Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 116 ---
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each French law Privileged Note: 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount = [●] 
Y = [●]] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination / Not 
Applicable] 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination / Not 
Applicable]  
(iv) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
(v) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions of the 
French law Privileged Notes): 
 
 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
21. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each French law Privileged Note: 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount = [●] 
Y = [●]] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions of the 
French law Privileged Notes): 
 
 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
22. 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
of 
each 
French law Privileged Note: 
 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination / Not 
Applicable] 
23. 
Redemption by Instalment: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s) in respect of 
each French law Privileged Note: 
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount: 
 
[●] 
[[●] / Not Applicable]

--- Page 117 ---
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount:  
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
French law Privileged Note payable on 
early redemption for illegality: 
 
 
As per Condition 7(e) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE FRENCH LAW PRIVILEGED NOTES 
25. 
Form of French law Privileged Notes: 
[Dematerialised Privileged Notes / Materialised 
Privileged Notes]  
(materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Privileged 
Notes: 
 
[Not Applicable / Bearer form (au porteur) / 
Registered form (au nominatif)] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable (if applicable give 
name and address)]  
(note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation 
to 
fully 
Registered 
Dematerialised 
Privileged Notes only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable / Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Privileged 
Notes on the exchange date, being forty (40) days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as 
specified in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
26. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates for 
the purposes of Condition 8(g): 
 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] (note that this paragraph 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
Interest Period end dates, to which sub-paragraph 
15 (v) relate)] 
27. 
Adjusted Payment Date: 
[The next following Business Day / the next 
following Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceeding 
Business 
Day 
/ 
the 
immediately 
preceeding Business Day] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Materialised 
Privileged Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes / No / Not Applicable (if yes, give details)]  
(only applicable to Materialised Privileged Notes) 
29. 
Masse (Condition 11): 
 
 
(i) Representative: 
[As per Condition 11 / [●] / No Representative has 
been appointed in relation to the French law 
Privileged Notes as at the Issue Date]

--- Page 118 ---
(ii) Alternate Representative: 
[As per Condition 11 / Not Applicable / [●] (Insert 
name and address of the Alternate Representative)] 
 
(iii) Remuneration of Representative: 
[As per Condition 11 / The Representative will 
receive a remuneration of [●]] 
 
(iv) [Issue outside France: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]]21 
30. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the French law Privileged Notes clearly do not 
constitute "packaged" products or the French law 
Privileged Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in 
the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
French law Privileged Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be prepared in 
the EEA, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information regarding the securities)] has been extracted from [●] (specify source). The 
Issuer confirms that such third party information regarding the securities has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●] (specify source), no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]  
 
Signed on behalf of Arkéa Public Sector SCF: 
 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
                                                 
21 May only be applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000 issued outside 
France.

--- Page 119 ---
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
[●] (specify other relevant regulated market)] with 
effect from [●] / Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been / is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the French law 
Privileged Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange / [●] (specify other relevant regulated 
market, any third country market, SME Growth 
Market or MTF) with effect from [●]] / Not 
Applicable]  
 
(b) 
Regulated Markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities of the same 
class of the French law Privileged 
Notes to be admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading:  
 
 
 
 
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on [●] / 
Not Applicable] 
(where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original French law Privileged Notes 
are already admitted to trading.)  
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:  
 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATING 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable / The French law Privileged Notes 
[have been / are expected to be] rated:  
[Moody's France SAS: [●]] 
[The rating agency is established in the European 
Union, 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
no. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") 
and included in the list published on the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority's 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk)) in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. [The rating agency is not 
established in the United Kingdom and is not 
registered in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of the United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"). However, the rating assigned to 
the Privileged Notes has been endorsed by [Moody's 
Investors Service Limited] in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation and has not been withdrawn. 
As such, the rating issued by the rating agency may 
be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.]]

--- Page 120 ---
[[●] (Include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has been previously published by 
the rating provider)] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to French law Privileged Notes of the type 
being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
3. 
[USE OF AND ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS22 
 
 
 
(i) 
Use of net proceeds: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Privileged Notes 
will be used for for financing assets referred to in 
Article L.513-4 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code.] / [Other (specify)] / [The net 
proceeds of the issue of Privileged Notes will be 
used by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole 
or 
in 
part, 
new 
or 
existing 
[green/social/sustainability] projects, as described in 
the Issuer's green, social and sustainability bond 
framework (as amended and supplemented from 
time to time, the "Framework") which is available 
on the website of the Issuer ([•]) (such Privileged 
Notes 
being 
referred 
to 
as 
["Green 
Bonds"]/["Social 
Bonds"]/["Sustainability 
Bonds"]) and described below: 
[Describe specific projects included in the Eligible 
Green Loan Categories and/or Eligible Social Loan 
Categories and/or availability of second party 
opinion and any relevant third party opinions 
and/or where the information can be obtained.] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, the information on the 
website of the Issuer does not form part of the Final 
Terms and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the competent authority.]  
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use, 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
are insufficient to fund all proposed uses, state 
amount and sources of other funding)] 
4. 
[REASONS 
FOR 
THE 
OFFER, 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND 
TOTAL EXPENSES23 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and use of 
proceeds: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Privileged Notes 
will be used for for financing assets referred to in 
                                                 
22  Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of more than €100,000. 
23  Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 121 ---
Article L.513-4 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code.] / [Other (specify)] / [The net 
proceeds of the issue of Privileged Notes will be 
used by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole 
or 
in 
part, 
new 
or 
existing 
[green/social/sustainability] projects, as described in 
the Issuer's green, social and sustainability bond 
framework (as amended and supplemented from 
time to time, the "Framework") which is available 
on the website of the Issuer ([•]) (such Privileged 
Notes 
being 
referred 
to 
as 
["Green 
Bonds"]/["Social 
Bonds"]/["Sustainability 
Bonds"]) and described below: 
[Describe specific projects included in the Eligible 
Green Loan Categories and/or Eligible Social Loan 
Categories and/or availability of second party 
opinion and any relevant third party opinions 
and/or where the information can be obtained.] 
[For the avoidance of doubt, the information on the 
website of the Issuer does not form part of the Final 
Terms and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the competent authority.] 
 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds are insufficient to fund all proposed uses, 
state amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
(Include breakdown of expenses)] 
5.  
NOTIFICATION 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
 
The Commission de surveillance du secteur 
financier, which is the Luxembourg competent 
authority for the purpose of the Prospectus 
Regulation [has been requested to provide / has 
provided - include first alternative for an issue 
which is contemporaneous with the update of the 
Programme 
and 
the 
second 
alternative 
for 
subsequent issues] the [include names of competent 
authorities of host member states of the EEA] with 
[a] certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base 
Prospectus [has / have] been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
6. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND 
LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN 
THE ISSUE 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 122 ---
(Include a description of any interest, including a 
conflict of interest, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: "Save for any fees paid to the 
[Dealers / [Joint] Lead Manager(s)] in connection 
with the issue of the French law Privileged Notes 
and save as discussed in section "Subscription and 
Sale" of the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the French 
law Privileged Notes has an interest material to the 
offer". When adding any other description, 
consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new 
factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation.)  
7. 
[FIXED RATE PRIVILEGED NOTES 
ONLY-YIELD 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Indication of Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
[Yield gap of [●] per cent. in relation to tax free 
French government bonds (obligations assimilables 
du trésor) (OAT)) of an equivalent duration.]24] 
8.  
[FLOATING 
RATE 
PRIVILEGED 
NOTES OR CMS LINKED PRIVILEGED 
NOTES ONLY – PAST AND FUTURE 
PERFORMANCE 
OF 
INTEREST 
RATE25 
Historic interest rates: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
Details on the past and future performance and 
volatility of [●] rates can be obtained from 
[Thomson Reuters] 
 
Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the French law Privileged 
Notes will be calculated by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 
8 June 2016 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, [[●] does not currently fall 
within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 thereof]/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
                                                 
24  Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
25  Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 123 ---
Regulation apply], such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
9.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
FISN Code: 
[] / [See the website of the Association of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
Applicable] / [Not Available] 
 
CFI Code:  
[] / [See the website of the Association of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
Applicable] / [Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN are/is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary 
 
[Yes / No] 
 
(ii) Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. 
 
[Yes / No] 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of any clearing 
system(s) other than Euroclear Bank and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
Name and address of Calculation Agent (if 
any): 
 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(i) 
If syndicated,  
(a) Names and addresses of the

--- Page 124 ---
coordinator(s) of the global 
offer: 
[Not Applicable / specify names and addresses26]  
(b) Names[, 
addresses 
and 
quotas of the Managers]27 : 
 
[●] (give names[, addresses and quotas of the entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue and of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or under 'best efforts' arrangements, and 
where not all of the issue is underwritten on a firm 
commitment 
basis, 
specify 
the 
portion 
not 
covered28]) 
(c) [Date of the Subscription 
Agreement:]29 
 
[[●] (give the date)]  
(d) Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(ii) If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
[and 
address]30 of Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
(iii) [Indication of the overall amount of 
the underwriting commission and 
of the placing commission]31 : 
[[●] of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche] 
 
(iv) U.S. selling restrictions (categories 
of potential investors to which the 
French law Privileged Notes are 
offered): 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended.  
[TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(TEFRA rules are not applicable to Dematerialised 
Privileged Notes) 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER32 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Non-Exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable / An offer of the French law 
Privileged Notes in France (the "Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction") may be made by the Dealers [and 
(specify the name of any financial intermediary)] 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation during the period from [●] to [●] (the 
"Offer Period").] 
 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus during the Offer Period: 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
                                                 
26  Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
27  Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
28  Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
29  Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
30  Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
31  Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. 
32 
Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 125 ---
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction: 
 
[Not Applicable / (Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) authorised by the Issuer 
to 
act 
as Authorised 
Offeror)/Any 
financial 
intermediary which satisfies the conditions set out in 
the paragraph below] 
 
Conditions attached to the consent of the 
Issuer to use the Prospectus: 
 
[Not Applicable / (Where the Issuer has given a 
general consent to any financial intermediary to use 
the Prospectus, indicate "See conditions set out in 
the Prospectus" and/or specify any additional 
conditions to or any condition replacing those set 
out in the Prospectus. Where an Authorised Offeror 
has been designated herein, specify any condition 
that such Authorised Offeror has to comply with]] 
 
Expected price at which French law 
Privileged Notes will be offered or method 
of determining the price and method for its 
disclosure: 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
Description of the application process 
(including the time period during which 
the offer will be open and any possible 
amendments): 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application (whether in 
number of securities or aggregate amount 
to invest): 
 
 
[●] 
 
Description of the possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and the manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess paid by applicants: 
 
 
[●] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up and 
delivery of the French law Privileged 
Notes: 
 
 
[●] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
 
[●] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised: 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
Whether one or more Tranches are 
reserved for some countries: 
 
[●] 
 
Procedure for notifying of the allocated 
amount and an indication whether the 
distribution 
can 
begin 
before 
the 
notification is made: 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged 
to the subscriber or purchaser: 
 
[●] (If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or 
PRIIPs such that it is required to disclose

--- Page 126 ---
information relating to costs and charges, also 
include that information) 
 
Name(s) and address(es), as they are 
known by the Issuer, of the dealers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
 
 
[●]

--- Page 127 ---
[Insert Issue Specific Summary17] 
 
 
                                                 
17 Only applicable with respect to French law Privileged Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 128 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that, in the following section, the expressions "Privileged Notes" and 
"Noteholders" will only include French law Privileged Notes and holders of such French law Privileged Notes. 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
28 July 2023, as amended or supplemented from time to time, entered into between the Issuer, the Arranger and 
the Permanent Dealers (the "Dealer Agreement"), the Privileged Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the 
Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Privileged Notes directly on its own behalf 
to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Privileged Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at 
prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Privileged Notes 
may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also 
provides for Privileged Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by 
two (2) or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission (as applicable) as agreed between them in respect of 
Privileged Notes subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in 
connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Privileged Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection 
with the offer and sale of the Privileged Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any 
agreement that they make to subscribe Privileged Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such 
Privileged Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in (if applicable) the 
subscription agreement entered into in respect of the issue of Privileged Notes to which it relates or in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply, to the best of its knowledge, with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Privileged Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des marchés financiers 
in France. 
United States of America 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended ("Regulation S"). 
The Privileged Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United 
States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined under the Regulation S). Terms 
used in this paragraph have the same meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Materialised Privileged Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or its possessions or 
to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and 
regulations thereunder. 
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an offer, 
sale or delivery of Privileged Notes within the United States of America by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act, if such offer, sale or 
delivery is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act.

--- Page 129 ---
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Privileged Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to 
purchase the Privileged Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the 
United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its 
contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited. 
European Economic Area  
Public offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Privileged Notes specify "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Privileged 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms to the public in a Member State (each a "Relevant Member State") except that it may make an 
offer of such Privileged Notes to the public in France:  
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Privileged Notes specify that an offer of those Privileged Notes may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") in France 
(a "Non-Exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a base prospectus in relation to such 
Privileged Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in a France or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in France, provided 
that any such base prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such 
Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified in such base prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(c) 
at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150), natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Privileged Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Privileged Notes specifies the "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" 
as "Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Privileged Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II"); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Privileged Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Privileged Notes.

--- Page 130 ---
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Privileged Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 25 April 2016 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Privileged Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Privileged Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Privileged Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Privileged Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect that they will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Privileged 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Privileged Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Privileged Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Privileged Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Privileged Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made nor will it make any offers of Privileged Notes to 
the public in The Netherlands in reliance on article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation unless: 
(a) 
such offer is made exclusively to legal entities which are qualified investors in The Netherlands as 
defined in the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht, the "DFSA"); or

--- Page 131 ---
(b) 
standard exemption wording is disclosed as required by article 5:20(5) of the DFSA; or 
(c) 
such offer is otherwise made in circumstances in which article 5:20(5) of the DFSA is not applicable,  
provided that no such offer of Privileged Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to article 16 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
Non-Exempt Offers in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Privileged Notes to the public in 
France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Privileged Notes, except (a) in the context of an exempt offer in France as described below and (b) in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in the Final Terms relating to such Privileged Notes 
and provided that the Final Terms have been duly published and specify that such Non-Exempt Offers may be 
made to the public in France, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
Exempt Offers in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Privileged Notes to the public in 
France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Privileged Notes, except to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) in the context of an offer exempted from 
the obligation to publish a prospectus, all as defined in, and in accordance with, the Prospectus Regulation and 
Article L.411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Italy 
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, published in the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering 
of the Privileged Notes and no application has been or will be filed with the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") to obtain the registration/authorisation for the public offering (offerta al 
pubblico) of the Privileged Notes in the Republic of Italy pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 
1998 as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and to CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended (the "Issuers' Regulation"). Accordingly, no Privileged Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, to the public in the Republic of Italy nor may, or will, copies of this Base Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Privileged Notes be distributed in the Republic 
of Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined by article 2 letter e) of the Prospectus Regulation 
and by article 34-ter, paragraph 1(b) of the Issuers' Regulation; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances where an exemption from the rules on offers to the public applies, as provided 
under article 1, paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Regulation, article 100 of the Financial Services Act and its 
implementing regulations, including article 34-ter of the Issuers' Regulation.  
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed that any offer, sale or delivery of the Privileged Notes or 
distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to 
the Privileged Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be effected in accordance 
with all relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and in 
particular will be made:  
(i) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(the "Banking Act"), CONSOB Regulation no. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to 
time; 
(ii) 
in compliance with article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time (pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information 
on the Privileged Notes in the Republic of Italy); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.

--- Page 132 ---
Any investor purchasing the Privileged Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer and 
resale of the Privileged Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations. No person resident or located in the Republic of Italy other than the original addressees of this Base 
Prospectus may rely on this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Privileged Notes. 
Federal Republic of Germany 
The German law Privileged Notes may not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised in Germany 
contrary to any laws applicable in Germany governing the issue, offering and sale of registered notes 
(Namensschuldverschreibungen). No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer or any 
Dealer that would permit an offer of the German law Privileged Notes to the public, or possession or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material, in any country (including Germany) or jurisdiction where 
any further action for that purpose is required. 
This Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be filed with and was not approved by the German Financial 
Supervisory Authority. 
The Issuer assumes no responsibility and makes no representation regarding the suitability of German law 
Privileged Notes as an investment product for any investor. In particular, the Issuer assumes no responsibility for 
the eligibility of any German law Privileged Notes as investment for any German law Privileged Noteholder 
domiciled in Germany and subject to regulatory or other legal requirements with regard to its investments, 
including, without limitation, insurance companies, pension funds, credit institutions and investment funds. 
Unless explicitly stated otherwise in the Terms and Conditions of the German law Privileged Notes or the Final 
Terms, no reference therein to particular German law regulatory requirements implies or may be construed to 
imply any representation or warranty by the Issuer as to the suitability of the relevant German law Privileged 
Notes for the German law Privileged Noteholders.

--- Page 133 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the 
"CSSF"), as competent authority in Luxembourg for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Privileged Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Privileged Notes. This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the 
clearance procedures of the French Autorité des marchés financiers.  
Application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for French law Privileged Notes to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
In accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, request may also be made for the notification 
of a certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State of the European Economic 
Area ("EEA") in order for French law Privileged Notes to be admitted to trading on any other Regulated 
Market of the EEA or to be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in France in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made for the delivery by the CSSF of a certificate 
of approval specifying that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation to the French Autorité des marchés financiers, as competent authority in France. 
(2) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 9695002BGH4R9KJFC936. 
(3) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France 
in connection with the update of the Programme.  
Any issuance of Privileged Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Privileged Notes 
constitute obligations under French law, requires the prior authorisation of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer. The board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer may 
delegate to any person, the power to decide on the issue of such Privileged Notes within a period of one 
(1) year.  
For this purpose, on 8 December 2022, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer has 
(i) authorised the issue of obligations foncières and other privileged notes under the Programme for 
maximum nominal amount of €1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) for a period of one 
(1) year and (ii) delegated to the chief executive officer (directeur général) and the vice chief executive 
officer (directeur général délégué) of the Issuer the power to issue such Privileged Notes.  
(4) 
Pursuant to Articles L. 513-12 and R. 513-16, IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
contrôleur spécifique certifies that the rule providing that the amount of eligible assets of the Issuer is 
greater than the amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège is satisfied on the basis of a quarterly 
borrowing programme and for any issue of Privileged Notes benefiting from the Privilège in a principal 
amount equal to or above €500,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of signing of 
the issue of such Privileged Notes). 
(5) 
The price and amount of the Privileged Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers at the date of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
(6) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 December 2022.   
(7) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
(8) 
The Issuer is not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), in the last twelve (12) 
months, which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's and/or the 
Group's financial position or profitability.  
(9) 
Save as disclosed in section "Material Contracts and Relationship Between Arkéa Public Sector SCF and 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa" on page [•] of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are not 
entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which could result in any member of the Crédit

--- Page 134 ---
Mutuel Arkéa group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet 
its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Privileged Notes being issued. 
(10) 
Application may be made for French law Privileged Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear 
Bank (boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgique) and Clearstream (42, avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg) which are entities in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of French law Privileged Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Dematerialised Privileged Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary). Dematerialised Privileged Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also 
inscribed either with the Issuer or with the Registration Agent. The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue 
de la Victoire – 75009 Paris – France. 
(11) 
The Issuer's statutory auditors are registered with the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux 
Comptes (official statutory auditors' representative body) and subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil 
du Commissariat aux Comptes (French High Council of Statutory Auditors). They have audited and 
rendered unqualified audit reports on the 2021 Financial Statements and the 2022 Financial Statements. 
The Issuer does not produce consolidated financial statements. 
(12) 
Conflicts of interest may arise during the life of the Programme as a result of various factors involving the 
Issuer and certain counterparties of the Issuer. For example, such potential conflicts may arise because 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa acts in several capacities under the agreements relating to the Programme, it being 
provided that its rights and obligations under the agreements relating to the Programme are not 
contractually conflicting and are independent from one another. 
The Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or their respective affiliates may from time to time advise the 
issuers of or obligors in respect of assets used as reference to determine principal or interest of Privileged 
Notes ("Reference Assets") and regarding transactions to be entered into by them, or engage in 
transactions involving Reference Assets for their proprietary accounts and for other accounts under their 
management. Any such transactions may have a positive or negative effect on the value of such Reference 
Assets and therefore on the value of any Privileged Notes to which they relate. Accordingly, certain 
conflicts of interest may arise both among the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or these affiliates and 
between the interests of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or these affiliates and the interests of 
holders of Privileged Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest may also arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche and the 
Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgments that such 
Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the amount 
received by the Noteholders during the term of the Privileged Notes upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Privileged Notes under 
the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Privileged 
Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Privileged Notes and which could be deemed to be 
adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
The Privileged Notes may be distributed by institutions in charge of collecting subscription orders from 
investors and such institutions may, as the case may be, be related to the Group's entities. Consequently, 
during the offer period, some conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of such distributors 
and/or the Borrower and those of the Noteholders. 
(13) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of French law Privileged Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot French law Privileged Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the French law Privileged Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar

--- Page 135 ---
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the Stabilising Manager(s) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
(14) 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time and, so long as 
French law Privileged Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market of the EEA and/or offered 
to the public in France pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the 
Final Terms relating to such French law Privileged Notes will be published on the websites of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
the 
Issuer 
(www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf).  
In addition, if the French law Privileged Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA 
other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) such Regulated Market or 
(y) the competent authority of the member state of the EEA where the French law Privileged Notes have 
been admitted to trading. 
(15) 
So long as any of the Privileged Notes are capable of being issued under the Base Prospectus, copies of 
the following documents will also be available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of 
charge, during usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer (1, rue Louis 
Lichou, 29480 Le Relecq-Kerhuon, France) and, for at least ten (10) years from the date of their 
publication and except for the documents referred to in sub-paragraph (d) and (e) below, on the website of 
the Issuer (www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf):  
(a) 
the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the two (2) financial 
years preceding the date hereof; 
(c) 
the most recently published financial statements of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement (which notably includes the form of the lettre comptable, the Temporary 
Global Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Privileged Notes, the Coupons, the Talons, the 
Receipts, the terms and conditions of the German law Privileged Notes, the form of Final Terms 
applicable to the German law Privileged Notes and the form of assignment of the German law 
Privileged Notes, all attached as schedules thereto); 
(e) 
the Final Terms for French law Privileged Notes that are listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and traded on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or any other Regulated Market and/or offered to the public in France; 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto that may be published from 
time to time or further Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference therein; and 
(g) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this 
Base Prospectus. 
(16) 
Amounts payable under Privileged Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SARON or EUR CMS which are provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") (with 
respect to EURIBOR), ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE") (with respect to CMS Rate), the 
Bank of England ("BoE") (with respect to SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ("FRBNY") 
(with respect to SOFR) and the SIX Swiss Exchange ("SIX") (with respect to SARON) or other reference 
rates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE and SIX are 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The BoE, as administrator of SONIA, and the FRBNY, as 
administrator of SOFR, are not required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence) pursuant to a central bank exemption 
provided in Article 2.2(a) of the Benchmarks Regulation. The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue 
of Floating Rate Privileged Notes and/or CMS Linked Privileged Notes will specify the relevant 
benchmark, the relevant benchmark administrator and whether such benchmark administrator appears on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA.

--- Page 136 ---
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or 
the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
(17) 
The website of the Issuer is www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-
scf. The information on www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5040/fr/public-sector-scf, 
and on any other websites specified in this Base Prospectus, does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF, except where that information has been 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 137 ---
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of its knowledge, the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Le Relecq-Kerhuon, 28 July 2023. 
 
Arkéa Public Sector SCF 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq-Kerhuon 
France 
Represented by: 
Pauline GADAN 
Duly authorized on behalf of Philippe BAUDA, Chief executive officer (directeur général)

--- Page 138 ---
Issuer 
Arkéa Public Sector SCF 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq-Kerhuon 
France 
Arranger and Permanent Dealer 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cédex 
France 
Permanent Dealer 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq-Kerhuon 
France 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Paris Paying Agent 
in respect of the French law Privileged Notes 
Uptevia 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 40083 
92549 Montrouge 
France 
 
Luxembourg Paying Agent, Calculation Agent and Luxembourg Listing Agent 
in respect of the French law Privileged Notes 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch 
5, allée Scheffer 
L 2520 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Statutory Auditors of the Issuer  
Deloitte & Associés 
6 place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63 rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly sur Seine Cedex 
France 
Specific Controller of the Issuer 
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés 
19, rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France 
Legal Adviser to the Arranger and to the Permanent Dealers as to French law 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
France