--- Page 1 ---
1
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Aroundtown SA 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) established under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its 
registered office at 37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg 
Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés) under number B217868) 
€15,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under this €15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Aroundtown SA (the "Issuer") 
may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may comprise (i) unsubordinated Notes ("Senior Notes") or (ii) dated or undated 
subordinated Notes (respectively "Dated Subordinated Notes" and "Undated Subordinated Notes" and together, 
"Subordinated Notes"). The terms and conditions of the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes are set out herein 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes" respectively. 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes and Registered Notes").  The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described 
herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" 
and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this 
base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended 
to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see 
"Risk Factors".
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the "CSSF"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The 
CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and gives no undertakings as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act relating 
to prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) dated 16 July 2019 (the "Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law"). Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg" (the "Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Regulated Market"). The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). However, Notes may be listed on

--- Page 2 ---
2
any other stock exchange in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), subject to the notification of the Base Prospectus 
in accordance with Art. 25 of the Prospectus Regulation or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant final terms 
document (the "Final Terms"). References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and all related references) 
shall mean that the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date 
in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The validity of this 
Base Prospectus ends upon expiration of 31 May 2025. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to 
"Exempt Senior Notes" are to Senior Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA"). The CSSF has neither 
approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Senior Notes. 
Further, the CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in relation to the admission to trading on 
any multilateral trading facility ("MTF"). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under the relevant Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) will (other than in the case of Exempt Senior Notes, as defined above) be set out in the Final Terms which 
will be delivered to the CSSF and, where listed, to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Exempt Senior Notes, notice of the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing 
Supplement").
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue 
unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the 
benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). S&P is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, S&P is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Ratings 
issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"), in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agencies referred to above.  Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior 
Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned (if any) to the Programme by the relevant rating agency.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.   
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme may 
be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate

--- Page 3 ---
3
("NIBOR"), the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt Senior Notes). As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and the Bank of England as (administrator of 
SONIA) and The Federal Reserve Bank of New York as (administrator of SOFR) do not appear in such register. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is included in the register of administrators established 
and maintained by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "UK FCA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"), and the 
administrators of NIBOR, SONIA and SOFR do not appear in such register. As far as the Issuer is aware, (i) SONIA and 
SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation and (ii) the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that Norske Finansielle Referanser 
AS (as administrator of NIBOR) is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
UK, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).  
Arranger
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL
Dealers
CITIGROUP
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL
J.P. MORGAN 
MORGAN STANLEY 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 31 May 2024

--- Page 4 ---
4
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Senior 
Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  The 
Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the information 
contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer or the Trustee accepts 
any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Trustee to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers 
or the Trustee.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The 
Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme 
of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 5 ---
5
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling these Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance/target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of such Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its

--- Page 6 ---
6
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended or modified 
from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes), all Notes shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
Notice to Canadian Investors: The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories 
of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including 
any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages 
are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of 
the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. If applicable, 
pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of 
interest in connection with the offering of any Notes. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by 
the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on

--- Page 7 ---
7
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, Japan, the EEA 
(including Belgium), the UK, Israel, Singapore, Switzerland and Canada, see "Subscription and Sale". 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023 (together, the "Financial Statements") and the consolidated interim 
financial statements for the three-month period ended 31 March 2024 (the "Interim Consolidated Report Q1 
2024"). 
The Issuer’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Financial Statements have been prepared 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board, as adopted by the European Union ("EU"). 
Forward-Looking Statements
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement 
that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and 
estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by 
the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", 
"might", "plan", "predict", "project", "will", "aim" and similar terms and phrases, including references and 
assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus containing information on future 
earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the business and management of the Issuer (and together 
with its subsidiaries, "Aroundtown", and together with all investees, the "Group"), the growth and 
profitability of the Group, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it.  
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuer based on its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and 
other factors which could cause actual results, including the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed 
or described in these forward-looking statements. The Group’s business is also subject to a number of risks 
and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Base Prospectus 
to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Base 
Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". These sections include more detailed descriptions 
of factors that might have an impact on the Group’s business and the markets in which it operates. In light of 
these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In 
addition, the Issuer assumes no obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement 
or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined 
below:  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 

U.S. dollars and USD refers to United States dollars;

--- Page 8 ---
8

Sterling, GBP and £ refer to pounds sterling; 

euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 

yen and JPY refers to Japanese yen; and 

a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
STABILISATION

--- Page 9 ---
9
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10
CONTENTS
Page
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 11
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 17
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 81
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 86
Form of Final Terms for Senior Notes ............................................................................................................. 90
Form of Final Terms for Subordinated Notes ................................................................................................ 105
Applicable Pricing Supplement ...................................................................................................................... 119
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes ..................................................................................................... 134
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes .......................................................................................... 192
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 245
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 246
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 264
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 269
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 275

--- Page 11 ---
11
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than 
that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt 
Senior Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be 
published.
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer:
Aroundtown SA
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
529900H4DWG3KWMBMQ39
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.    In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under "Risk Factors".
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Arranger:
Goldman Sachs International
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Goldman Sachs International
J.P. Morgan SE
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
UBS AG London Branch
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale").
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon
Agent Bank:
The Bank of New York Mellon
Trustee:
M&G Trustee Company Limited

--- Page 12 ---
12
Transfer Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon
Registrar:
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
Programme Size: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement.
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Maturities: 
Each of the Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes will have 
such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
However, Notes will be issued with a minimum maturity of 
twelve months or more. 
Undated Subordinated Notes are perpetual securities in respect of 
which there is no fixed redemption date and the Issuer shall only 
have the right to redeem, substitute or vary the Undated 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7 or Condition 8 of the 
Subordinated Notes, respectively.
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt 
Senior Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in "Form of the Notes".  Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa.
Fixed Rate Senior Notes and Fixed 
Rate Subordinated Notes (together, 
"Fixed Rate Notes"): 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.
Floating Rate Senior Notes and 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
(together, "Floating Rate Notes"):
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the

--- Page 13 ---
13
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or
(b)
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes, 
Pricing Supplement).
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.
Zero Coupon Senior Notes: 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes may be offered and will not bear 
interest and may be sold at a discount to their nominal amount.
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated 
Notes: 
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will bear interest on 
their principal amount from (and including) the Issue Date to but 
excluding the First Reset Date at the First Fixed Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, this fixed rate 
of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate for 
the relevant Specified Currency or to a reference bond yield to 
maturity, and for a period equal to the reset period, as adjusted for 
any applicable margin, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Such interest will be payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes.
Exempt Senior Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Senior Notes which are Index 
Linked Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.  
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index 
Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such 
index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities or to such other factors as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree.
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal 
or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on

--- Page 14 ---
14
such rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may 
agree.
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which 
the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and 
on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree.
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Notes 
which may be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts 
and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree.
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Exempt 
Senior Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Senior 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that 
the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in the case of Exempt Senior Notes in 
specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case 
may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred, the relevant benchmark or screen rate may be 
replaced by a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate but 
the Issuer determines there is an Alternative Rate (acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources 
as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser), such Alternative Rate. An Adjustment 
Spread may also be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), together with any 
Benchmark Amendments (which in the case of any Alternative 
Rate, any Adjustment Spread unless formally recommended or 
provided for and any Benchmark Amendments shall be 
determined by the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, 
which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser). 
This is further described in Condition 5.3 of the Senior Notes and 
Condition 4.4 of the Subordinated Notes.
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, and save that the minimum

--- Page 15 ---
15
denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt Senior Note) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amounts in such currency).
Calculation Amount:  
The Calculation Amount for any Series of Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Senior 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) and will be the single 
highest whole number which, when each Specified Denomination 
of the relevant Series is divided by such number, results in a whole 
number. For example, where the Specified Denominations of a 
Series of Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Senior Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) as being €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including €199,000, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Senior Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will be 
€1,000. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 of the Senior Notes 
or, as the case may be, Condition 10 of the Subordinated Notes.  
In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save 
in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 of the 
Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 10 of the 
Subordinated Notes, be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted.
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 4 of the Senior Notes.
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 10 of the Senior Notes. 
Subordinated Notes will not contain any events of default or cross 
default allowing acceleration of the Subordinated Notes.
Status of the Notes: 
Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 of the Senior Notes) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
Subordinated Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The rights and claims of 
the Subordinated Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes, in each case against the Issuer, are subordinated as 
described in the provisions of Condition 3.1 of the Subordinated 
Notes.
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be

--- Page 16 ---
16
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme 
(if any).  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued.
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Senior Notes) will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if 
so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets.
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except Condition 3 of 
the Subordinated Notes which will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Luxembourg law.   
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law 
of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the 
Companies Law), shall not apply.
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, Japan, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, 
Israel, Singapore, Switzerland and Canada and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes).

--- Page 17 ---
17
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all 
such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus 
a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each category 
the most material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of 
their negative impact, are mentioned first. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group are presented in categories depending on their nature 
with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
Risks relating to Aroundtown’s industry and business  
Aroundtown's business could be adversely impacted by negative developments in the economy and in the 
commercial and residential real estate markets, primarily in Germany, the Netherlands and the UK. 
Aroundtown is a specialist real estate company with a focus on, and an exposure to, value-add and income 
generating properties primarily in the German, Dutch, and UK real estate markets. Aroundtown invests in 
commercial and residential real estate assets.  
Aroundtown’s commercial properties are located primarily in Germany and the Netherlands, complemented 
by commercial properties in the UK and other European cities. In 2020, the Issuer completed its voluntary 
public takeover of TLG Immobilien AG ("TLG"), a formerly stock listed company that focuses on commercial 
real estate in Germany. Through the TLG takeover, Aroundtown increased its commercial portfolio in 
Germany. 
Aroundtown’s residential properties are located primarily in Germany and in the UK. Aroundtown invests in 
residential real estate primarily through its subsidiary, Grand City Properties S.A. ("GCP"). GCP invests in 
residential real estate properties primarily in densely populated areas across Germany and in London, UK and 
its portfolio is also complemented by commercial units. Since 1 July 2021, GCP has been consolidated in the 
Issuer’s consolidated financial statements and GCP’s properties form part of Aroundtown’s portfolio.
Aroundtown’s shareholding in GCP amounted to 62.7% as of 31 December 2023, excluding shares of GCP 
held in treasury. 
Based on its business model, Aroundtown relies significantly on rental income. General economic and 
demographic factors significantly impact demand for Aroundtown's properties, the rents that Aroundtown can 
achieve, the payment patterns of Aroundtown's tenants, the vacancy rate of Aroundtown properties, the 
valuation of Aroundtown's properties and other developments significant to the business of Aroundtown. The 
success of Aroundtown’s business therefore significantly correlates with the development of the commercial 
real estate market in Germany, the Netherlands and the UK, and with the residential real estate market

--- Page 18 ---
18
primarily in Germany and the UK. Real estate markets are generally susceptible to changes in the overall 
economy. Consequently, the Group's business is affected by factors affecting the general economic 
environment, such as interest rates, inflation rates, levels of public debt, gross domestic product ("GDP") 
growth and political and financial market conditions, primarily in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and their 
various regional submarkets. These factors play an important role in determining property values, rent levels, 
re-letting periods, overall demand, vacancy rates and turnover rates in these markets and submarkets. In 
addition, local and regional variations of these factors may cause their impact to vary significantly across the
Group's portfolio. The Group's business is therefore highly dependent on macroeconomic and political 
developments, including changes in legislation, as well as other general trends affecting Germany and the 
Netherlands. As export-driven economies, Germany, the Netherlands and the UK are particularly affected by 
the development of the world economy in general and Europe in particular. 
A depression, recession or slowdown in the German, Dutch or UK real estate market or one or more regional 
real estate markets, and to a lesser extent, the global economy (or any particular segment thereof) could have 
a pronounced impact on Aroundtown, the value of Aroundtown’s assets and Aroundtown’s profitability, 
impede the ability of Aroundtown’s assets to perform under or refinance their existing obligations, and impair 
Aroundtown’s ability to effectively deploy its capital or realise investments on favourable terms. Aroundtown 
could also be affected by the overall weakening of, or disruptions in, financial markets. 
In the last few years, the real estate markets in which Aroundtown operates have experienced an increase in 
rent levels and property valuations. However, the real estate markets in which Aroundtown operates are 
affected by overall economic and demographic conditions, especially in Germany, the Netherlands and the 
UK. Real estate markets are generally affected by numerous economic factors, such as interest rate levels (see 
also below "Aroundtown depends on macroeconomic developments that impact, in particular, economic 
performance, interest rate levels and levels of inflation, which in turn could negatively affect the German, the 
Dutch and the UK real estate markets and the valuation of Aroundtown’s real estate portfolio."), financing 
conditions, real income, economic confidence, inflation, unemployment rates, increases in taxes or perceived 
or actual declines in corporate investments and capital expenditure and demographic factors, such as 
population, migration and household growth. The recent economic environment characterised by elevated 
interest rates and inflation levels as well as the Russia-Ukraine War (as defined below) have resulted in a 
weakening of rent levels and property valuations. Further economic contraction and uncertainty could cause a 
decline in the demand for real estate and thereby influence market prices, rent levels, rental income and 
vacancy rates in the real estate market. Any developments in the general economic and demographic conditions 
of the German, Dutch or UK market can have significant effects on Aroundtown’s business and operations. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, numerous factors are contributing to considerable economic uncertainty. 
The Russian military invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 ("Russia-Ukraine War") has already had a 
negative effect on both European and global markets and led to a high degree of uncertainty. The further 
development of the Russia-Ukraine War as well as its long-term repercussions on the global economy and 
markets are still unclear and may result in a severe decline in growth of the overall economy. The sanctions 
imposed against Russia have resulted in a significant disruption of gas supplies to the EU and could lead to 
further unpredictable reactions from Russia. Germany has made efforts to replace Russian gas with other 
sources of gas. However, this has resulted in a significant increase in gas and energy prices in Germany and 
could result in shortages of energy supplies impacting businesses, particularly those which are energy-
intensive such as the chemical industry, but also private households. This may further contribute to the 
currently high levels of overall inflation, a decline of the overall economy and widespread unemployment. As 
a consequence of this economic backdrop, there is a risk that tenants of the Group may not be able to afford 
higher costs of energy, suffer a loss of income as a result of, among others, unemployment or due to declining 
consumer demand for commercial tenants, and consequently become insolvent. If any of the aforementioned 
risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, cash flows, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
In addition, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 has continued to negatively impact the global 
economy, disrupted global supply chains, created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, and

--- Page 19 ---
19
increased unemployment levels (see also “The European real estate market and the Group’s business may 
likely continue to be negatively affected by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic."). In Europe, the most recent 
changes to monetary policy, renewed doubts about the future of the Eurozone, political uncertainty arising 
from populist movements, insufficient deleveraging in the private and public sectors, a halt in implementing 
structural and financial reforms, and an elevated level of political uncertainty could adversely affect 
Aroundtown’s operations. In addition, increasing protectionism, trade embargoes, including additional trade 
restrictions between the People’s Republic of China ("PRC") and the United States of America ("United 
States"), or other protectionist measures and the imposition of sanctions and restrictions could negatively 
impact international trade and regional economies. Other factors with a potential impact on European 
economies include the impact of Brexit (see “The UK’s withdrawal from the EU may continue to cause 
significant political and economic uncertainty in the EU, in the Eurozone and in the UK and may cause a 
significant downturn in the UK’s overall economy with negative impacts on the British real estate market and 
demand for hotel rooms from end users as well as demand for office space from companies and financial 
institutions.”), uncertain economic prospects in the PRC and other parts of the world, the results of recent and 
future elections in a number of Eurozone countries, other current geopolitical crises such as in Syria and Israel, 
and other factors such as the fluctuation of raw material prices and currency fluctuations. Furthermore, 
increased trade barriers resulting from the imposition of tariffs could negatively impact the global and regional 
economies.  
In addition, Aroundtown’s activities are directly and indirectly influenced by economic conditions in regional 
submarkets as a result of Aroundtown’s location of properties in Germany, the Netherlands and the UK and 
other European countries. Aroundtown’s commercial portfolio in Germany is primarily concentrated in Berlin, 
various cities in Germany’s most populous federal state, North Rhine-Westphalia ("NRW"), as well as in 
Frankfurt am Main, Munich, Hamburg, Dresden and Leipzig, Amsterdam and Rotterdam in the Netherlands 
as well as London, UK. Aroundtown’s residential properties are located primarily in Germany with a focus on 
cities in NRW, Berlin, Dresden, Leipzig, Halle, Hamburg, Bremen, Frankfurt am Main, Mainz and Mannheim, 
as well as Munich, Nuremberg and Fürth, while properties are also located in London, UK. Thus, the overall 
performance of Aroundtown depends not only on general economic and demographic developments in 
Germany, the Netherlands and the UK, but also on the particular circumstances in the regional submarkets 
where the properties are located. The economic development of some locations in which Aroundtown has 
invested could depend heavily on a few companies or industries. An economic decline of large and/or 
regionally important companies or certain industries altogether could have a material adverse effect on the 
economic development of the relevant location and, therefore, on Aroundtown's portfolio.  
As a result of the geographic focus of Aroundtown's real estate portfolio on Germany, the Netherlands and the 
UK, a negative development, contraction or lack of growth in the German, Dutch or UK economy or overall 
macroeconomic conditions as well as demographic developments could have a material adverse effect on 
Aroundtown's business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown is subject to macroeconomic developments that impact, in particular, economic performance, 
interest rate levels and levels of inflation, which in turn could negatively affect the German, Dutch and UK 
real estate markets and the valuation of Aroundtown’s real estate portfolio. 
The global economy is currently characterised by volatility, uncertainty and weak growth prospects. The global 
financial and economic crisis and subsequent debt crisis increased uncertainty regarding future economic 
developments, particularly in the Eurozone. Moreover, in the current economic environment, various risks 
exist and new crises could emerge that may cause economic and financial market disturbances. For instance, 
the collapse of a number of regional banks in the United States and the subsequent takeover of a Swiss global 
systemically important bank have resulted in increased volatility in financial markets and raised concerns of 
an emerging global banking crisis, which could materially adversely affect macroeconomic conditions 
(including the sectors in which Aroundtown operates) and impair Aroundtown’s ability to access external 
financing options. The uncertainty regarding the general economic outlook has made investment opportunities 
that provide stable and largely predictable cash flows, such as investments in German, Dutch or UK real estate, 
more popular. This trend has been supported by historically low interest rates in Europe and in the UK. As a

--- Page 20 ---
20
result, property prices and the value of real estate have increased. These developments could reverse 
themselves. Rising inflation as a result of supply-chain disruptions and the Russia-Ukraine War have prompted 
the European Central Bank ("ECB") to raise interest rate levels significantly to a rate of 4.50%, increasing the 
deposit facility rate to 4.0% as of September 2023, whereas prior to July 2022 the deposit facility rate had been 
negative since 2014.  
Rising interest rates could adversely impact Aroundtown in a number of ways. For instance, the change in 
interest rate policy by the ECB resulted in higher discount and capitalisation rates, which have had a negative 
impact on the fair value of Aroundtown’s real estate portfolio. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the 
Issuer recorded negative property revaluations, mainly as a result of such higher discount and capitalisation 
rates, primarily driven by the higher interest rates. These non-cash revaluation losses resulted in the Issuer 
recording a loss for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. It cannot be excluded 
that, depending on future developments and market conditions, further substantial valuation adjustments may 
arise which would then have a further negative impact on the Issuer.  
A further rise in interest rates in Europe could also result in increased investor interest in investments with a 
different risk profile and a decrease in the attractiveness of real estate investments for potential buyers. In 
particular, financial institutions may require that borrowers meet more stringent requirements with regard to 
creditworthiness which could lead potential buyers of commercial and residential properties to refrain from 
purchasing real estate due to less attractive financing terms or restricted availability of credit. Such factors 
could have a negative impact on Aroundtown's efforts to dispose of real estate properties and may force 
Aroundtown to postpone scheduled investments. For example, increases in interest rates may permanently 
impair Aroundtown's ability to finance real estate portfolio acquisitions through debt and may generally impact 
the Group's ability to refinance its liabilities. Consequently, Aroundtown may be forced to sell real estate 
portfolios at substantial discounts, due in large part to difficult financing conditions experienced by buyers, 
which may be further exacerbated by an increase in persons selling real estate assets, including Aroundtown's 
competitors. As a result, Aroundtown may be exposed to the risk of a reduction in the fair value of its total 
real estate portfolio and may be required to recognise the corresponding losses from the resulting fair value 
adjustments of the Group's investment properties in its consolidated profit and loss statement.  
In addition, the discount rate used to calculate the values of the Group’s properties recorded on the Issuer’s 
balance sheet in accordance with International Accounting Standard ("IAS") 40 (such value hereinafter 
referred to as the fair value) tends to increase in an environment of rising interest rates, which in turn could 
result in the Group’s properties having a lower fair value which, in turn, is relevant for Aroundtown’s 
covenants and ratings. As a result, the Group’s strategy of disposing mature and non-core assets at or around 
current fair value could be jeopardised. Income from the sale of properties constitutes an important source of 
both profit and cash flow for the Group. The Group’s disposal strategy has historically benefitted from the 
low-interest environment and the prevailing perception of certain asset classes of real estate as a low-risk 
investment opportunity. If any of these factors change, the Group could be prevented from divestments of 
assets. 
Given the Group’s dependence on its ability to access financial market to finance future acquisitions and/or 
refinance its debt, any further increase in interest rates could also further increase the costs of financing and 
refinancing its existing and future debt and impair its targeted profit. If the currently elevated interest rate 
environment remains, the Group’s financing costs, including costs for hedging instruments, may remain 
elevated or even increase. Increasing cost of debt may negatively impact Aroundtown’s profitability if 
Aroundtown is not able to increase its revenues from rental income (e.g. through rent increases which may be 
subject to economic limits due to solvency issues of tenants and legal limits due to regulatory limits, in 
particular in residential real estate). In addition, some of the Group’s loans include interest rate swaps. The 
valuation of the individual hedging instruments, which, in turn, depends on the level of interest rates, also 
impacts the Group’s equity and results of operations, with any rise in interest rates and volatility potentially 
having a negative effect on the Group’s results of operations.

--- Page 21 ---
21
Finally, in connection with its acquisition activities, such as the acquisition of TLG or the consolidation of 
GCP, the Group has acquired significant goodwill. Any acquired goodwill is subject to regular impairment 
tests potentially resulting in goodwill impairment write-downs. An increased discount rate could result in lower 
present values of the expected future cash flows and may require goodwill impairment write-downs. For 
instance, for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, Aroundtown recorded €137 million of goodwill 
impairment at the level of TLG and GCP, mainly as a result of revaluation losses and portfolio disposals. 
Further goodwill impairment could result from disposal activities and revaluation losses at the level of TLG 
and GCP and any impairment may negatively affect the consolidated financial statements and other key 
financial figures of the Issuer as well as negatively impact the Issuer’s credit rating. 
In addition to risks relating to rising interest rates, increasing inflation could also have a material adverse effect 
on the Group in a number of ways. For instance, when preparing real estate valuations, appraisers take into 
account a multitude of factors, including current market transactions. Higher inflation may lead to increased 
return requirements and capitalisation rates for properties. Appraisers will address higher return requirements 
accordingly in their valuations and, consequently, this could lead to adverse effects on the value of the Issuer’s 
real estate portfolio. Consequently, Aroundtown may need to revise the values of the total portfolio on the 
consolidated balance sheet downwards.  
Further, the ability of landlords to increase rents under existing tenancy agreements is limited under German 
law. If the parties to a tenancy agreement have agreed on a stepped rent (Staffelmiete) or an indexation of rents 
(Indexmiete), or in case of residential properties in Germany where rent increases may be limited as a result of 
tenant protection regulations (see “Through its interest in GCP, Aroundtown is exposed to tenant protection 
laws primarily for residential real estate in Germany. These laws limit among other things the ability of GCP 
to evict tenants, the levels of rent increases and the ability to pass on modernisation costs. Moreover, further 
regulatory developments are likely.”), the inflation rate may exceed Aroundtown’s ability to increase rents for 
certain properties. Even if rent increases are contractually agreed, or legally permissible, enforcement may not 
be feasible in certain cases due to solvency issues of tenants that cannot afford such rent increases. In addition, 
operational costs for e.g. energy and heating, might increase substantially, which could result in the inability 
of tenants to pay contractually agreed rent or operating costs. This mayaffect residential tenants or commercial 
tenants with high energy consuming businesses such as hotels. In all such cases, Aroundtown may not be able 
to collect the rent, in full or in part, or even the operating costs from tenants potentially resulting in a rent 
decline which would have a negative effect on Aroundtown’s results of operations.  
The occurrence of any of the aforementioned macroeconomic risks may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s future business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The European real estate market and the Group’s business may likely continue to be negatively affected by 
the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, such as 
the COVID-19 pandemic, together with any measures aimed at mitigating an expansion thereof, have had and 
may continue to have a negative impact on the overall economic situation, including the European real estate 
market. In response to COVID-19, authorities in most countries imposed severe restrictions on travel, 
limitations on the size of gatherings, quarantines, and prolonged closures of workplaces, cancellation of events, 
including sporting events, conferences and meetings, curfews and other social distancing measures, including 
the preliminary closure of businesses, primarily those with high consumer attendance, such as hotels, 
restaurants, bars, clubs, retail stores, and others.  
As a result, most of Aroundtown’s tenants of hotel properties suffered a substantial decline in operating income 
in 2021, 2022 and 2023. As a result, Aroundtown’s rent collection rate in 2021, 2022 and 2023 fell significantly 
below the level of previous periods, mainly due to hotel tenants using rent deferral options. In response, 
Aroundtown has been working with tenants on a case-by-case basis to collect deferred rent and recorded 
extraordinary expenses for the uncollected rent of €75 million and €33 million for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023, respectively.

--- Page 22 ---
22
The lasting implications of the COVID-19 pandemic or other international public health crises in the future 
depend on a number of evolving factors which Aroundtown may not be able to accurately assess, such as the 
spread of new variants of the virus, as well as the timing, suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by 
authorities, the availability of effective vaccines against virus variants as well as the continued vaccination 
readiness of the population and the availability of resources, including human, material, infrastructure and 
financial (e.g. governmental stimulus packages and/or measures introduced by central banks) required to 
implement effective responses to the respective situation at the international, national and regional levels as 
well as the level of civic compliance with such measures. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s future business, net 
assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown is exposed to risks relating to the commercial real estate markets for office properties in 
Germany and in the Netherlands, including risks relating to work-from-home. 
Demand for commercial real estate is driven by a range of factors such as changes in disposable income or 
industrial activity, the availability of credit financing, interest rates, taxation policies, economic growth, 
financial conditions, population growth, unemployment rates, and consumer confidence. A decline in 
population levels, particularly among younger segments of the working population, or a decline in purchasing
power or higher unemployment rates at the national, regional or local level could reduce the demand for office 
properties in the corresponding markets. 
Based on Aroundtown’s aggregate portfolio value as of 31 December 2023, 40% of properties in 
Aroundtown’s portfolio are office properties. Increased mobility and availability of remote working 
opportunities have been accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic and are supported by widely available 
technology solutions which may dampen the demand for office space in the future. Working from home is 
considered one of the most challenging structural risks to the future demand for office space. Existing and 
prospective commercial tenants allowing a growing number of their staff to work from home could result in 
less office space required by them in the near and medium term. This could result in fewer extensions of 
existing leases and lesser demand for new office space, shorter lease terms, a decline in rent levels and higher 
vacancies, and consequently result in a substantial decline in value for office properties. 
In addition, the emergence of tax-friendly locations where Aroundtown does not have properties could 
influence the location, number of square metres, and services needed, resulting in an overall change in demand 
for office properties. In addition, negative demographic trends could lead to a decline in population levels, as 
has been experienced by certain regions in Germany, in particular in some eastern German cities and regions, 
and particularly among younger segments of the active working population. Such declines could reduce 
demand for commercial real estate, and thereby adversely affect rental income for Aroundtown’s properties in 
those regions. By comparison, Berlin and Frankfurt am Main have benefited from positive demographic 
developments in recent years but have traditionally seen comparably high vacancy rates. If vacancy rates were 
to increase again, this could adversely affect Aroundtown’s rental income. In addition, demand for office space 
is subject to rapid and occasionally unpredictable changes, including as a result of changes to economic 
conditions, interest rates and business confidence. If Aroundtown misjudges the change in demand, or fails to 
respond to changing demand, this may result in a decline in its rental income, an increase in its vacancy rate 
and a decline in its financial performance.  
In addition, COVID-19 and the measures taken by authorities such as social-distancing measures and the 
temporary shut-down of businesses, including many operated by Aroundtown’s commercial property tenants, 
has in many cases led to a decreased turnover for Aroundtown’s tenants which has or could in the future 
negatively impact their ability to pay their rents and adversely affect Aroundtown’s cash-flow, lead to lower 
demand for office space in Germany and in the Netherlands as well as higher vacancies (see “The European 
real estate market and the Group’s business may likely continue to be negatively affected by the effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic”).

--- Page 23 ---
23
In addition, regional economic and political developments as well as other trends in these markets have a 
significant impact on the demand for Aroundtown’s commercial and residential real estate and the rents 
achievable, as well as on the valuation of its properties. Such local developments may differ considerably from 
overall developments in Germany, the Netherlands and the UK. For example, eastern Germany’s regional 
centres have lagged behind western Germany in terms of absolute economic performance and consumer 
purchasing power in the past. While some cities and regions in eastern Germany have seen decreasing 
unemployment rates and growing purchasing power in recent years, there is no guarantee that this trend will 
continue. 
Similarly, declines in economic and population growth rates in other areas of Germany, the Netherlands or the 
UK could lead to lower demand for both commercial and residential property, and as a result, may adversely 
affect Aroundtown's ability to achieve or maintain its desired occupancy rates, rent levels and average lease 
terms in those areas. Local economic conditions, such as employment conditions or significant income or 
liquidity problems for tenants in these areas, may lead to reduced rental income and increased vacancy or 
turnover rates. In such circumstances, Aroundtown may not be able to let or re-let properties on attractive 
terms or at all, or may only be able to do so after making significant additional investments. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown is exposed to risks relating to the hotel real estate market, primarily in Germany, the 
Netherlands and the UK. 
The market for hotel properties depends on the demand for hotel rooms in those regions where hotels are 
located. Based on Aroundtown’s aggregate portfolio value as of 31 December 2023, approximately 21% of 
Aroundtown’s portfolio consisted of hotel properties. Aroundtown's hotel portfolio is mainly located in major 
cities and diverse regions in Germany as well as in other major European cities. Aroundtown’s hotel properties 
are operated primarily by third-party tenants, the majority of which have entered into long-term lease 
agreements with Aroundtown. Aroundtown's ability to attract and retain effective, solvent and reliable tenants 
to manage its hotel properties depends on the broader development of the hotel market in the areas where its 
hotel properties are located, which is largely outside of Aroundtown’s control. 
The profitability of hotels and the attractiveness of Aroundtown's hotel properties may be adversely affected 
by a number of factors, including the availability of and demand for hotel rooms in general and in the regional 
markets, the desirability of particular locations and changes in travel patterns for commercial or leisure travel, 
or the impact of natural disasters or international public health crises, war, actual or threatened terrorist activity 
and heightened travel security measures instituted in response. 
Profit margins in the hotel industry also decline, for example, due to increases in the cost of maintenance and 
renovation that are usually borne by the hotel operators. Ongoing maintenance and renovation and consumer 
demand for new or completely refurbished hotels also limits the profitability of hotel operators. The same 
applies to other increasing operating costs such as for energy and heating which hotel operators may not be 
able to pass over to their hotel customers. In addition, hotels are not able to operate at full capacity due to lack 
of sufficient personnel, either due to higher rates of absenteeism or as a result of employees having left the 
industry during the pandemic; such staff shortages may result in lower revenues and thereby reduce the 
profitability of Aroundtown’s hotel tenants. Increased competition also reduces profitability for Aroundtown's 
existing hotel tenants by forcing them to reduce relative prices or decrease occupancy rates. 
Any of the foregoing developments and factors may create financial difficulties for such tenants and limit their 
ability to pay their rents or fulfil other obligations under their leases. In addition, the number of potential 
tenants for hotel properties is limited, and suitable tenants must have sufficient experience with, and capacity 
for, operating hotels, as well be eligible to obtain the relevant permits in order to operate hotel properties. 
Competition for such tenants can be intense, particularly when the hotel industry is performing well, which 
may result in Aroundtown being unable to find suitable tenants to operate its properties.

--- Page 24 ---
24
The occurrence of any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net 
assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.
Aroundtown is exposed to risks relating to the residential real estate market in Germany and London and 
the regional submarkets where its residential properties are located. 
The Group, through GCP, is exposed to risks relating to the residential real estate market, primarily in Germany 
and London. As of 31 December 2023, GCP’s portfolio comprised a total of 63,303 units, with 21% of the 
portfolio situated in NRW, 23% in Berlin, 14% in Dresden, Leipzig and Halle, 5% in Mannheim, 
Kaiserslautern, Frankfurt am Main and Mainz, 3% in Nuremberg, Fürth and Munich, 5% in Hamburg and 
Bremen, 19% in London and 10% primarily located in other densely populated regions in Germany. The 
market for residential real estate is heavily influenced by demographic and economic developments. 
Certain studies have forecasted that demographic changes in Germany, resulting in a declining and ageing 
population, may cause the nationwide demand for accommodation to fall in the long term. In economically 
weak and rural areas, significant population declines have already led to an oversupply of housing, and 
increasing population declines in these areas is likely to result in decreased demand for residential real estate. 
Changes in other macroeconomic factors, such as GDP, unemployment rates, purchasing power and changes 
to average household size may also impact the demand for residential real estate. The current economic 
situation with increasing inflation and uncertain growth prospects exacerbated by the Russia-Ukraine War may 
further adversely affect the macroeconomic situation and may lead to an increase in unemployment in 
Germany and reduced purchasing power. As a result, tenants of the Group’s residential portfolio could become 
unable to pay their rents or even the operating costs such as costs for heating when due. In addition, residential 
real estate is subject to a wide range of regulatory restrictions on rent increases and the questions surrounding 
affordable living form a major issue in political and social discussions that could lead to further restrictions 
for owners of residential property to continue to generate the envisaged profits (see “Through its interest in 
GCP, Aroundtown is exposed to tenant protection laws primarily for residential real estate in Germany. These 
laws limit among other things the ability of GCP to evict tenants, the levels of rent increases and the ability to 
pass on modernisation costs. Moreover, further regulatory developments are likely.”). Any of these factors 
may impact the performance of Aroundtown’s residential portfolio. 
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown is exposed to risks relating to the commercial real estate markets for logistics and retail 
properties in Germany and in the Netherlands. 
Based on Aroundtown’s aggregate portfolio value as of 31 December 2023, approximately 4% of 
Aroundtown’s portfolio comprised retail properties. Retail properties are subject to a number of specific risks, 
including an increase in online purchases and the trend towards smaller, high-quality retailers. The ongoing 
increase in online sales and retail activity has and will continue to negatively affect the demand for brick and 
mortar retail locations. Losing key tenants may lead to substantial reductions in Aroundtown’s revenue. In 
addition, the loss of “anchor” tenants or particularly large or important tenants could adversely affect retail 
sales of other stores operating in the retail properties because anchor tenants play an important role in 
generating customer traffic and making retail properties desirable locations for retailers generally.  
Department stores and other brick and mortar retailers have experienced significant competition from online 
retailers. As commercial pressure on these retailers increases, their ability to maintain their stores, meet their 
obligations both to Aroundtown and to their external lenders and suppliers, withstand takeover attempts by 
investors or rivals or avoid bankruptcy and/or liquidation may be impaired and result in closures of their stores. 
This already difficult situation has been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken by 
authorities such as the temporary shut-down of businesses and other social-distancing measures. As a result, 
many retail tenants continue to face a decrease in turnover which in turn could negatively impact their ability 
to pay their rents and thereby adversely affect Aroundtown’s cash-flow. A number of retail businesses have

--- Page 25 ---
25
already announced insolvency proceedings as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Continuing shutdowns and 
insolvencies of retail businesses may also lead to lower demand for retail properties in Germany and in the 
Netherlands as well as higher vacancies (see “The European real estate market and the Group’s business may 
likely continue to be negatively affected by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.”), ultimately resulting in a 
decline in property valuations.  
Based on Aroundtown’s aggregate portfolio value as of 31 December 2023, approximately 2% of 
Aroundtown’s portfolio is categorised as logistics/other. Logistics properties are subject to a number of 
specific risks, including potential oversupply of logistics facilities in certain regions where Aroundtown’s 
logistics properties are located. Most of Aroundtown’s logistics properties are located in large cities and are 
tailored to the specific needs of their tenants, oftentimes for warehousing. Tenants may relocate their 
warehousing to other regions, which might reduce the demand for Aroundtown’s logistics properties. Re-
fitting vacant logistics properties for new tenants may require significant additional investment. In addition, 
operational challenges such as energy shortages may prevent operators from continuing their operations, 
resulting in insolvencies and lost rent for Aroundtown. 
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The loss of rent, reductions in rent, higher vacancy rates and shorter lease terms may have a negative effect 
on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and 
prospects.  
The business of the Group strongly depends on the rental income generated by its properties, which is 
influenced by rent levels, vacancy rates and the weighted average lease terms ("WALTs") of such properties. 
Any decrease in demand for commercial or residential real estate (whether due to general economic, 
demographic, political or market developments or due to conditions in particular regions or at particular 
properties) may result in a loss of rent, reductions in rent, higher vacancy rates or shorter lease terms. Changes 
in any one of these factors could result in a substantial decline in the overall rental income of the Group. 
The risks associated with the loss or reduction of rental income are exacerbated by the impact of the current 
economic environment, inflation and a possible recession, which may result in financial difficulties for tenants 
of Aroundtown’s properties. Aroundtown has already been forced to negotiate rent reductions or suspensions 
in individual cases as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and has experienced losses or reductions in rent as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus. In addition, high energy prices caused primarily by the Russia-Ukraine 
War and the current economic climate may also result in tenants’ inability to bear higher operating costs. It 
cannot be ruled out that further losses of rent will occur in the future or that Aroundtown will be unable to 
collect operating costs from tenants and that Aroundtown will lose considerable rental income. 
If tenants fail to meet their rent payment obligations in whole or in part, or if a large numbers of tenants or 
certain key tenants terminate their leases, the Group could suffer a substantial decrease in overall rental income. 
Even if the Group is able to re-let the affected properties, there is no guarantee that they will be able to do so 
in a timely fashion or on attractive terms. Furthermore, the Group is required to provide the quality, layout and 
characteristics of the properties as required by potential tenants, and to maintain the properties in the conditions 
required by their respective lease agreements and pursuant to the applicable regulatory framework, as well as 
the provisions of certain of its existing financing or loan agreements. If the required refurbishment or 
maintenance measures are not performed in time, or at all, the rent that the Group is able to charge for the 
affected properties may be reduced, in some cases substantially. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in 
ongoing supply-chain shortages and refurbishment or maintenance measures have been postponed or 
suspended which may result in a delay or loss of rental income. 
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, net assets, 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 26 ---
26
Rent indexation clauses in Aroundtown's lease agreements could adversely affect Aroundtown's rental 
income. 
Some of Aroundtown's lease agreements include clauses providing for full or partial indexation of the 
applicable rent in line with a reference index, such as the German or Dutch consumer price indexes. Rent levels 
under these leases will fluctuate based on changes in the reference index, and rental income may decrease as 
a result. If a lease agreement does not contain an indexation or equivalent adjustment clause, or if such clauses 
are found to be invalid, the applicable rent may remain constant for the term of the lease agreement, while 
Aroundtown's costs of maintaining the respective property may increase over time due to inflation. This risk 
is compounded by the fact that many of Aroundtown's lease agreements are long term. Even if rent levels 
increased and provided for an upward adjustment of the rent, tenants may not be able to afford higher rent due 
to financial problems. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown's business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits or prospects. 
Aroundtown may not succeed in improving or adding value to its properties, such as increasing occupancy 
rates, rent levels and/or average lease terms. 
Aroundtown focuses on acquiring properties which it believes have upside potential, primarily through 
operational improvements such as increased occupancy rates, rent levels and/or duration of lease terms. The 
success of Aroundtown’s strategy depends significantly on its ability to improve and add value to the properties 
it acquires, primarily by reducing vacancy rates and operating costs while increasing rent levels and average 
lease terms.  
Aroundtown's ability to increase its rental income and average lease terms from new and existing tenancies 
and to reduce vacancy rates depends on many factors, including, in particular, the demand for its properties, 
local market rents, the condition and location of its properties, required capital expenditure ("capex"), 
refurbishment and modernisation measures and tenant turnover rates. Even if increased capex, refurbishment 
or maintenance measures would merit increases in rents as a commercial matter, Aroundtown's ability to 
increase rents is subject to certain limitations, including competition. Refurbishment and modernisation works 
might temporarily see delays and certain constraints, such as delays of required permits from state authorities, 
delays of and difficulties with the supply of raw materials, disruption of supply chains, as well as possible 
limitations of construction workers permitted on site. Rent levels for properties held by Aroundtown might be 
subject to contractual restrictions under purchase or financing arrangements in connection with the property, 
specific terms agreed with tenants under their leases, or conditions imposed as a consequence of having 
received government funding or public subsidies. In addition, the residential real estate held by the Group 
primarily through GCP is subject to strict statutory limits on rent increases for residential real estate in 
Germany (see “Through its interest in GCP, Aroundtown is exposed to tenant protection laws primarily for 
residential real estate in Germany. These laws limit among other things the ability of GCP to evict tenants, 
the levels of rent increases and the ability to pass on modernisation costs. Moreover, further regulatory 
developments are likely.”). 
As a consequence, the Group might not be able to reduce vacancy rates and increase rental income and average 
lease terms in a manner or to the extent that the Group expects. Further, they might be required to engage in 
excessive capex spending and might experience increasing vacancy rates in properties. Any of the foregoing 
factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow 
and results of operations.  
Aroundtown is exposed to risks related to capex, maintenance, repositioning, repair and development of 
properties in Aroundtown’s portfolio. The capex, modernisation, repositioning and development of

--- Page 27 ---
27
properties, as well as their ongoing maintenance, may take more time, be more expensive or ultimately be 
less effective than originally anticipated. 
Aroundtown is required to maintain, repair and renovate the properties in its portfolio for several reasons, 
including regulatory requirements (such as provisions relating to safety features and energy savings), 
obligations under relevant lease agreements and, in some cases, requirements under financing agreements. 
Aroundtown must also meet or exceed the quality of similar properties owned by its competitors in the regions 
where its properties are located, which is necessary to maintain existing tenants and attract new tenants. 
Typically, the costs associated with such measures are borne by the property owner. 
As a result, Aroundtown routinely performs maintenance and repair works and undertakes capital expenditures 
with respect to its properties. Although such measures are intended to increase value, avoid loss of value and 
to maintain or increase demand for its properties, the related costs can be substantial. 
In order to offer safe and attractive properties that are profitable over the long term, Aroundtown’s properties 
must be maintained or improved to a standard that satisfies technical and regulatory requirements, including 
health and safety, and which meets the demands of current and future tenants. Failure to maintain a building 
in such condition may pose a health and safety risk to Aroundtown’s tenants and employees. It could also have 
a negative impact on the ability to attract new tenants and lead to rent reductions by existing tenants. Typically, 
the costs associated with maintaining a rental property at market standards are borne primarily by the owner 
of the relevant property. As a result of changing legal or market requirements (e.g. with regard to energy 
efficiency or health or safety requirements), Aroundtown as property owner may be burdened with substantial 
additional costs for maintenance and modernisation. For instance, due to certain market developments 
primarily caused by or related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine War, prices for certain 
construction materials have increased substantially or some have been been impacted by very limited 
availability. In countries in which Aroundtown operates, rent increases according to current regulation may be 
introduced to compensate for these expenses only under certain conditions, and these rent increases usually 
may not exceed a certain percentage of the costs incurred in connection with certain modernisation measures. 
In addition, Aroundtown may not be able to increase rents to the extent permitted by current law as a result of 
market conditions or the inability of tenants who receive state support (this concerns certain of Aroundtown’s 
tenants) to afford these increased rents.  
In addition, certain properties held by Aroundtown may from time to time require unusually high levels of 
investment. Some of these properties were acquired by Aroundtown following periods of mismanagement and 
may not have received adequate investment from previous owners, resulting in significant modernisation, 
repositioning, capex and fit-out costs, which could well exceed the costs of routine upgrades or general 
maintenance.  
Aroundtown, through lease agreements with tenants, has assumed a number of obligations to invest in the 
leased properties. In general, the lease agreements stipulate that the tenant may terminate the lease agreement 
if Aroundtown fails to meet these obligations. In such cases, Aroundtown could suffer significant losses 
following loss of rental income. 
In addition, with respect to some of the properties in its portfolio, Aroundtown has also entered into obligations 
under its loan and purchase agreements and social charters to spend minimum average amounts per square 
metre on maintenance and modernisation. This may restrict Aroundtown’s ability to focus on other planned 
maintenance measures and may thus result in a sub-optimal allocation of funds. 
Although Aroundtown takes steps to predict and plan for the various expenses that it will incur in connection 
with its properties, there is no guarantee that Aroundtown has predicted, or will correctly predict in the future, 
the amount of resources Aroundtown needs to spend on maintenance, repairs, modernisation, repositioning, or 
capex and development of its properties. The originally budgeted costs may increase substantially as a result 
of many factors, such as increased costs of materials, increased labour costs, increased energy costs, poor 
weather conditions, unexpected safety requirements or unforeseen complexities and developments at the

--- Page 28 ---
28
building site. Aroundtown may be unable to undertake necessary work on its properties in a timely fashion or 
at all for many reasons, including availability of skilled labour due to strong demand, poor weather conditions 
or the failure of contractors or subcontractors to adhere to agreed-upon time schedules or continue as going 
concerns during the course of necessary work. Contractors or subcontractors may perform work that fails to 
meet Aroundtown’s standards, leading to quality problems with properties, further costs to correct such 
problems, and reputational damage. If Aroundtown was to become subject to unexpected costs for capex and 
modernisation, this could reduce the profitability of Aroundtown.  
Further, necessary building or other permits may be delayed or denied, or only issued subject to further 
restrictions or with fewer rights than anticipated by Aroundtown. In addition, the impact of these factors may 
be more significant for Aroundtown, which invests from time to time in properties that may have experienced 
periods of mismanagement, than for investors in properties that have been better maintained. In the case of 
acquired property portfolios, Aroundtown may not be contractually protected against these costs and may not 
have been able to adequately predict or foresee these prior to the acquisition of the relevant properties.  
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown has opportunistically engaged from time to time in real estate development projects that primarily 
relate to the expansion of existing properties or to the conversion of existing properties for a different future 
usage. As of 31 December 2023, Aroundtown held properties classified as development rights and invest with 
a value of €1.9 billion. Subject to the impact of the current economic environment on the demand for 
commercial real estate, Aroundtown may extend its development activities based on potential and/or ongoing 
development opportunities in its portfolio or engage in other development projects that it considers attractive 
or provide upside potential. 
Such developments are typically long-term in nature and involve numerous risks, including cost overruns, 
which may result in projects becoming unprofitable, and changes in the economic environment, which may 
make it difficult or impossible to fully lease projects upon completion. Aroundtown undertakes these 
developments at its own risk and Aroundtown faces the risk that developments it undertakes may not be 
profitable. This may also result in Aroundtown failing to complete construction and delivery of project 
developments within the scheduled timeframe.  
During the initial phases of its development projects, Aroundtown normally carries the costs of the project and 
begins to receive revenues in the form of rental income or from a sale of the property only at a later point in 
time. In the past, certain development projects have been subject to cost overruns and delays in completion, 
both of which are caused by factors that are not directly within the control of the developer. Aroundtown is 
dependent on third-party contractors to provide construction and other services for the realisation of its 
development projects. Outsourced services include architectural and technical design, concept design and 
construction. Due to the competitive environment in the German construction sector, particularly in Germany’s 
key metropolitan areas, qualified and reliable construction partners are in great demand. If Aroundtown is 
unable to find or hire qualified and reliable contractors for any of its development projects, the successful 
completion of projects in time or with the required quality is at risk. Contractors may also fail to meet agreed-
upon standards and deadlines. If any third party fails to provide its services, labour, equipment or materials in 
a timely and/or adequate manner, Aroundtown may be required to source these services or materials at a higher 
price than anticipated and may face material delays at its project sites until it is able to identify appropriate 
alternative third parties. In addition, third-party contractors can be adversely affected by economic downturns 
or poor management decisions. Aroundtown may hire a contractor that subsequently becomes insolvent, 
causing cost overruns and project delays and increasing the risk that Aroundtown will be unable to recover 
costs in relation to any defective work performed by such contractor. Lack of familiarity with local regulations, 
delays in obtaining construction permits or contract and labour disputes with construction contractors or 
subcontractors and unforeseen site conditions may require additional work and involve construction delays. 
The decreased availability of foreign construction workers may also have a negative impact on the success of 
development projects. Failure of property developments to proceed as expected or the cost of unforeseen

--- Page 29 ---
29
significant capital improvements could decrease Aroundtown’s cash flows. Aroundtown could also 
underestimate the cost of improvements needed to market the property effectively to potential tenants. 
Furthermore, the ability to develop or modernise certain properties depends on agreements with the local 
authorities (including with respect to the acquisition of necessary plots of land) or the land-use regulation 
applicable to the respective property, in particular local development plans (Bebauungspläne). Local 
authorities might attempt to influence the nature and extent of future buildings during the relevant permit 
process. In this case, Aroundtown may be unable to either partially or fully realize the potential of such 
locations, which would affect the rental income generated through a potential development and may therefore 
affect the economic viability of such developments. 
When considering property development opportunities, Aroundtown makes certain estimates as to the 
economic, market and other conditions, including estimates relating to the value or potential value of a property 
and the potential return on investment. These estimates may prove to be incorrect, rendering Aroundtown’s 
strategy inappropriate, resulting in negative effects on Aroundtown’s business, results of operations, financial 
conditions and prospects. An increase in development activities may also have a negative impact on 
Aroundtown’s credit rating.  
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown may be unable to find or retain suitable tenants on acceptable terms, and existing tenants may 
be unable to meet their payment obligations.  
The letting of properties is one of the most important aspects of Aroundtown's business. Aroundtown's rental 
income depends on its ability to let its properties at profitable rent levels and attractive overall terms. Such 
efforts are influenced by a number of factors, including the remaining term of existing lease agreements, the 
commercial conditions of current tenants and the attractiveness of properties for new or existing tenants. The 
Group may be unable to renew expiring lease agreements on acceptable terms or find suitable tenants willing 
to enter into new lease agreements. There is also no guarantee that the Group will be able to successfully 
compete for suitable tenants with other landlords, who may be able to offer more attractive properties, lease 
terms and/or rent levels. If the Group misjudges the attractiveness of its properties, it may be difficult to find 
suitable tenants that are willing to rent its properties at rent levels and/or  time periods anticipated by the Group. 
Due to the current economic environment, many businesses including Aroundtown’s commercial tenants may 
face economic difficulties which ultimately could result in their inability to fulfil their obligations under the 
lease agreements with Aroundtown (see “Aroundtown's business could be adversely impacted by negative 
developments in the economy and in the commercial and residential real estate markets, primarily in Germany, 
the Netherlands and the UK.”). Failure to find and retain suitable tenants may prevent the Group from 
maintaining its current vacancy rate or renting vacant space, or may force the Group to reduce the rent levels 
it demands from current and future tenants and/or increase rent-free periods for current and future tenants, or 
require increased investment in tenant improvements.  
In particular, with respect to the Group's hotel properties, the number of potential tenants is limited, and 
suitable tenants must have sufficient experience and capacity to operate hotels, including the procurement of 
required licenses. The Group's ability to find new tenants for its hotel properties depends on many factors, 
including factors that are beyond its control, such as demand for hotel rooms in the relevant regions, profit 
margins of hotels in the relevant regions and the hotel industry generally, and the level of competition in the 
hotel sector. Finding new hotel tenants has become increasingly challenging for the Group as hotel operators 
are faced with potentially lower profitability as a result of lower occupancy rates and higher costs. 
With respect to the Group’s office tenants, increasing opportunities for remote work or work from home 
offered by businesses to their employees are expected to lower the overall demand for commercial real estate, 
in particular for office space. Consequently, less office space could be required by commercial tenants in the

--- Page 30 ---
30
near and medium term. This would make it more difficult for Aroundtown to find new tenants or to extend 
leases with existing tenants. 
In addition, the financial capacity or creditworthiness of the tenants of the properties in the Group portfolio 
may deteriorate over time, reducing their ability to make payments under their leases on time or at all. This 
may force the Group to reduce rent levels for the relevant properties, resulting in significantly lower rental 
income while the Group's operating costs might remain largely fixed or even increase. The Group’s results 
may also be adversely affected if it is unable to pass on fixed operating costs for vacant space, including local 
taxes and service charges. The Group may also be forced to engage in expensive and time-consuming 
administrative or legal proceedings in order to evict certain tenants, or as a result of insolvency or other 
restructuring activities undertaken by its tenants, which may result in modifications to the terms of the Group's 
leases with or without its consent. Although the Group takes steps to verify the financial capacity of its tenants 
prior to entering into leases with them, the Group cannot predict the financial stability and commercial viability 
of its tenants going forward. 
Moreover, portfolios and companies that may be acquired in the future may not develop as favourably as 
expected. For example, targeted rent increases may not be implemented as planned due to a lack of tenants 
who are willing or able to pay increased rents, or vacancy rates may increase due to unfavourable demographic 
or economic developments. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown's business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flows and results of operations.  
Most tenants of Aroundtown’s hotel properties are operating hotels under well-known hotel brands on the 
basis of franchise agreements. Should tenants be unable to extend or renew existing franchise agreements 
with brand owners when they expire or if tenants violate the terms of franchise agreements, the Issuer may 
face unforeseen expenses and potential losses resulting from a potential re-branding of the respective hotels. 
Aroundtown has entered into long-term lease agreements with the tenants of its hotel properties that operate 
these hotels as franchisees under well-known brands and trademarks, such as “Marriott”, “Wyndham”, “IHG”, 
“Accor”, “Center Parcs”, “Radisson” and “Hilton”, on the basis of franchise agreements entered into with the 
respective brand owners. The underlying franchise agreements relating to the brands and trademarks provide 
for certain standards of the respective hotels and other covenants with which the respective franchisees must 
comply. These franchise agreements may be terminated in the event of breach and the respective hotel operator 
that is Aroundtown’s tenant might lose the right to operate the hotel under the respective brand. Franchise 
agreements also have a specific term. If a franchise agreement is terminated or expires without renewal, the 
Issuer may incur unexpected expenses relating to any required re-branding of the respective hotel, including 
the requirement of capex or refurbishing expenses. If multiple franchise agreements are terminated or expire 
without renewal in the same timeframe, the Issuer may be required to make material investments to resolve 
these issues. 
The occurrence of any of the aforementioned risks could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s 
business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The future growth of Aroundtown depends on the availability of real estate properties with value-add 
potential at reasonable prices, and growing competition and other factors may lead to increased prices and 
lower availability. 
Aroundtown seeks to acquire properties which it believes have value-add potential, and the future growth of 
Aroundtown depends on the availability of such properties for purchase at attractive prices. Depending on 
market conditions, such properties or portfolios of such properties may be unavailable or available only on 
unfavourable terms or prices at the relevant time. While Aroundtown is focused on the acquisition of

--- Page 31 ---
31
commercial and residential properties, many of the properties available in the market may not fit Aroundtown's 
investment criteria. 
In addition, a number of factors beyond Aroundtown’s control influence the availability of offices, hotels, 
logistics, retail, and residential properties generally, including the overall development of real estate markets, 
construction activity as well as zoning and planning laws. There is no guarantee that Aroundtown will be able 
to continue to identify or acquire a sufficient number of suitable properties at reasonable prices that will allow 
it to successfully implement its business strategy or grow its business effectively. 
The supply of real estate properties and portfolios available for sale may also be reduced due to fewer sales by 
private or public sellers. If for instance state-owned entities reduce or cease privatising or selling their real 
estate holdings, as they have done over the past years, then supply, in particular for residential real estate, 
could be reduced, which may result in increased competition for acquisitions of suitable properties and may 
motivate potential sellers to sell properties through an auction process. The use of auction processes for the 
sale of properties has grown increasingly common in the regions where Aroundtown’s properties are located 
and may increase in the future. Any of these factors may result in increased prices for the types of properties 
which are the strategic focus of Aroundtown. As a result, it could be more difficult for Aroundtown to 
successfully acquire properties, which could limit their ability to grow their businesses effectively. 
Aroundtown faces competition from other investors to acquire attractive properties, such as international real 
estate funds, German open-ended and closed-ended funds, publicly listed German real estate companies (such 
as Aktiengesellschaft or REIT-AG companies), Dutch real estate companies, pension funds and other 
European and international companies, any of which may have greater resources, better information or better 
access to properties or financing than Aroundtown. Aroundtown also competes with other property companies, 
investment funds, institutional investors, building contractors, individual owners and other entities to attract 
and retain suitable tenants on favourable terms. Competition in the real estate markets that Aroundtown targets 
is generally intense and could further intensify in the future. There is no guarantee that Aroundtown will be 
able to successfully compete in any of the regions within its strategic focus or will be able to enter new regions 
successfully. Changes in law or regulations may also create environments in which Aroundtown can no longer 
effectively compete. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s future business, financial 
condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
Aroundtown may be unable to make acquisitions if it is unable to obtain the necessary funds. 
Aroundtown's ability to make future acquisitions may be limited if Aroundtown is unable to obtain the 
necessary funds through additional debt or equity financing or disposals of properties, in each case on 
acceptable terms. Further, additional debt incurred in connection with future acquisitions could have a 
significant negative impact on Aroundtown's financial performance indicators, such as its loan-to-value ratio 
("LTV-ratio") and could result in lenders demanding higher interest rates for future financings. Financial 
covenants under existing or future financing agreements, including Outstanding Senior Bonds (as defined 
below), might prohibit the incurrence of additional debt for acquisitions depending on the financial 
performance of Aroundtown at the time that it intends to make an acquisition. The availability and terms of 
debt and equity financing available to Aroundtown depends on a number of factors, including interest rate 
levels, Aroundtown’s credit rating and the overall state of financial markets. Rising interest rates and the 
market downturn already limit Aroundtown’s ability to obtain acquisition financing at acceptable terms. If 
Aroundtown is no longer able to obtain the debt or equity financing it needs to acquire additional property 
portfolios, or if it is able to do so only on onerous terms, its future growth, business development and 
competitiveness could be severely constrained. 
Similarly, Aroundtown may not be able to raise funds for acquisitions through the sale of properties which it 
considers to no longer meet its strategic criteria or may be able to do so only on unfavourable terms. The 
disposal of properties on acceptable terms depends on numerous factors, many of which are outside of

--- Page 32 ---
32
Aroundtown’s control (see “Aroundtown’s investments are predominantly in real estate. Due to the potentially 
illiquid nature of the real estate market, Aroundtown may not be able to sell any portion of its portfolio or 
investments in a timely fashion, on favourable terms or at all. In addition, Aroundtown may not be able to 
collect deferred sale price payments granted as vendor loans due to solvency issues of buyers.”). 
Any of the foregoing factors could limit Aroundtown’s ability to fund acquisitions and thereby limit its growth, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown's business, net assets, financial condition, 
cash flows, results of operations, net profits and prospects. 
Aroundtown may fail in its ability to source or acquire suitable properties. 
Aroundtown relies on its sourcing network, including the contacts of its key personnel, to source property 
acquisition and disposal opportunities and to identify suitable properties for the reinvestment of disposal 
proceeds. There is no guarantee that Aroundtown’s sourcing network will provide it with sufficient 
opportunities in the future or that Aroundtown will be able to maintain its sourcing network in the future. In 
addition, Aroundtown’s competitors may succeed in gaining access to the same sources of information and/or 
properties that Aroundtown has relied on in the past, thereby undermining the value of Aroundtown’s sourcing 
network. 
Aroundtown acquires properties through transactions in a variety of forms, including without limitation, asset-
based transactions, share deals and acquisitions of non-performing loans ("NPLs"). In these transactions, 
Aroundtown seeks to acquire indebtedness of distressed or insolvent companies holding a property or 
properties from their original lenders that would allow an enforcement of mortgages or land charges granted 
in favour of such indebtedness and eventually result in the acquisition of the underlying property. In the case 
of acquisitions of properties via NPLs, Aroundtown may be unable to gain access to the underlying property 
in the time period anticipated by Aroundtown, and therefore may fail to gain access to the property at all, or 
may only do so at a significantly greater cost than anticipated. In addition, Aroundtown invests in real estate 
and real estate related funds ("Funds") and provides asset-backed financing to property developers of real 
estate and other real estate owners ("Loans-to-own"). These transactions are typically made mainly to increase 
the ability of Aroundtown to source attractive deals in a low yield market environment. In these transactions, 
Aroundtown seeks to acquire equity interests in Funds or provide Loans-to-own to property developers or 
property owners at attractive interest rates. The Loans-to-own are secured with the underlying property and in 
case of default, Aroundtown is able, under certain conditions, to take over the property at attractive prices. In 
these cases, Aroundtown’s access to the underlying property is limited, and the value of such underlying 
property is not guaranteed, therefore Aroundtown risks losing part or all of its investments made through 
investments in Funds or through Loans-to-own transactions.  
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the future business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of Aroundtown. 
The UK’s withdrawal from the EU may cause a significant downturn in the UK’s overall economy with 
negative impacts on the British real estate market and demand for hotel rooms which could have a 
significantly negative effect on Aroundtown’s hotel portfolio in London. 
On 31 January 2020, the UK withdrew from the EU ("Brexit"). It is widely expected that the overall economic 
activity between the EU and the UK may diminish, resulting in a general economic downturn throughout the 
UK, the EU or both. The negative impact on the EU and UK economies may be exacerbated by the current 
economic environment. Aroundtown’s real estate portfolios in the UK consist primarily of residential 
properties, hotel properties and, to a lesser extent, office properties. Aroundtown believes that its real estate 
portfolios in the UK are well diversified, with its hotel portfolio attracting both international and domestic 
business and leisure travellers. However, an overall downturn in the UK’s economy may significantly impact 
the demand for business travel within, and to, the UK, and hence reduce demand for hotel rooms by end-users. 
As of 31 December 2023, approximately 1% of Aroundtown’s hotel portfolio consisted of hotel properties

--- Page 33 ---
33
located in London. This portion of the property portfolio may be particularly exposed to the economic and 
political impact of Brexit. 
Further, an overall downturn in the UK’s economy may impact the number and size of departments and 
business units located in the UK, and hence reduce demand for office space. As no agreement has been reached 
between the UK and the EU on future co-operation in the financial sector, it is possible that financial 
institutions will continue to move certain departments or business units from the UK to the EU. This could 
negatively impact the demand for hotel rooms and office space in the UK, in particular in its business centres. 
A negative development of the economy of the UK may also negatively impact labour markets and 
demographic trends, and as a result may negatively impact the residential real estate market in London, which 
in turn can have negative consequences for Aroundtown’s residential London portfolio. 
Furthermore, a downturn in the overall economy and a rise in unemployment rates in the UK could depress 
consumer spending, which may reduce domestic tourism within the UK, which may further negatively impact 
the demand for hotel rooms. Due to the increase in immigration restrictions for workers from the EU, Brexit 
has also had and is expected to continue to have an impact on the supply of labour which, in turn, may 
negatively impact the quality of hotels due to the scarcity of labour available for repair, maintenance and, in 
particular, hotel operation services. This may additionally increase the overall costs of labour for hotel 
personnel. Any of these factors may negatively affect the profitability of hotel operators, which as tenants of 
Aroundtown’s hotel properties, could have a detrimental impact on Aroundtown’s business.  
Brexit may have contributed and continues to contribute to a devaluation of GBP, impacting both the Issuer’s 
portfolio located in the UK as well as the Issuer’s revenues and liabilities denominated in GBP (see 
“Aroundtown is subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations”). As of 31 December 2023, Aroundtown had 
issued perpetual notes and straight bonds with an aggregate nominal value of GBP 1,300 million, of which 
GBP 500 million of straight bonds are classified as a non-derivative financial instrument used to hedge 
Aroundtown’s foreign currency exposure and GBP 400 million are hedged through foreign exchange rate and 
interest rate swap agreements. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The geographic and/or asset type composition of the property portfolio might change in the future due to 
further acquisitions or divestitures. 
The geographic and asset class composition of Aroundtown’s property portfolio might change in the future. 
Aroundtown follows an opportunistic approach to acquisitions and focuses on real estate which it believes has 
upside potential. Consequently, Aroundtown continuously seeks investment opportunities throughout the 
regions of its strategic focus but also in other markets that it believes might meet its investment criteria. 
Therefore, the geographical composition of the property portfolio of Aroundtown may change, either as a 
result of new acquisitions, divestitures of existing properties by Aroundtown or a strategic shift towards 
focusing on new markets. A change in the geographical composition of the property portfolio may lead to 
increased concentration in certain geographical areas or introduce or increase dependencies on regional market 
conditions in new or different geographical areas. These may have different fundamentals, trends or legal, 
regulatory and tax regimes than the current regions where the properties are located. A broader geographical 
distribution may also result in additional costs in connection with the management of the properties and reduce 
the benefits of economies of scale. A different geographical distribution of the property portfolio may result 
in reduced availability of market data, which could limit Aroundtown's ability to accurately predict the 
performance of its investments. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations.

--- Page 34 ---
34
Aroundtown is exposed to concentration risks and negative commercial developments which could affect 
demand for its properties or have significant impacts on key tenants or properties, any of which could have 
a material adverse effect on Aroundtown's business. 
Aroundtown is exposed to concentration risks due to its focus on certain categories of real estate and its focus 
on certain geographic locations. The performance of Aroundtown may be disproportionately impacted by 
negative market developments occurring in those regions where it holds substantial portions of its property 
portfolio, such as Berlin, Munich, Frankfurt am Main, NRW, Dresden and Leipzig as well as London. In the 
event of developments that impact a number of key tenants, Aroundtown may be unable to find suitable 
replacement tenants or only find replacements at unattractive rental rates. Any of these developments may 
result in increased vacancy rates and decreased rent levels for the properties held by Aroundtown and have a 
significant negative effect on Aroundtown. 
In addition, demand for offices, hotels and retail properties is not only affected by the overall development of 
the commercial real estate market, but also by commercial developments affecting existing and potential 
tenants for these types of properties. Such developments include an increase in food and other retail purchases 
over the internet including online food delivery services; the trend towards smaller, high-quality retailers and 
an ongoing consolidation within the food retail sector, which has adversely affected rental demand for 
Aroundtown's retail properties; the trend towards opportunities to work remotely; a tendency to work from 
home offices or from tax-friendly headquarters located away from city centres, which may adversely affect 
rental demand for Aroundtown's office properties; and the development of new or increased taxes, such as city 
tourism and hotel taxes and alternative models of accommodation, such as Airbnb, which have adversely 
affected tourism and travel, impacting demand for hotel rooms and therefore adversely affecting Aroundtown's 
hotel properties. There is no guarantee that Aroundtown will be able to successfully predict or adapt to changes 
that may impact tenant demand for its commercial properties. 
As at 31 December 2023, Aroundtown’s ten largest tenants accounted for less than 20% of its annualised rent. 
If such major tenants in Aroundtown’s portfolio were to face financial difficulties or default on their lease 
obligations, reduce or abandon their operations in Aroundtown’s markets, attempt to renegotiate lease 
agreements to Aroundtown’s disadvantage, fail to extend their lease agreements or terminate them 
prematurely, Aroundtown could lose a substantial portion of its rent payments. 
Negative developments such as the loss of major tenants, prolonged vacancies, restrictive government orders 
limiting the use of a property, construction work allowing for rent reductions, fire and other catastrophes could 
have a material adverse effect on any single property. If one of Aroundtown’s most valuable properties were 
to be affected by such developments, this could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s overall 
portfolio. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown may acquire properties with undisclosed or unforeseen legal and other defects which can prove 
costly to address and can lead to lower rental income or resale problems. Undetected defects may cause 
substantial liability not covered by insurance in the event of fatal accidents. 
Before acquiring a property or portfolio of properties, Aroundtown generally performs a due diligence exercise 
in order to evaluate the properties and to identify risks connected with the properties. There can be no assurance 
as to the adequacy or accuracy of information provided during any due diligence exercise or that such 
information will remain accurate following the conclusion of the due diligence exercise until the acquisition 
of the relevant properties. In certain situations, Aroundtown may enter into transactions with limited time to 
conduct due diligence and/or on the basis of limited, missing, inconsistent or incomplete information. 
Particularly in the case of properties or property portfolios that were mismanaged by previous owners, have 
deteriorated or were sold under financial, legal or time pressure, information regarding properties may be

--- Page 35 ---
35
limited, missing, inconsistent or incomplete. As a result, the Group may overpay for properties with structural 
or other defects or problems that may be expensive to repair or address. 
Aroundtown purchases property through transactions in a variety of forms, such as asset purchases, stock 
purchases and the purchase of NPLs. These types of transactions may differ in the amount of information that 
can be provided to Aroundtown and the time that Aroundtown is given to review it. It is possible that 
Aroundtown may not recognise or may not receive information regarding certain risks. These risks, among 
others, relate to title and security searches, planning permissions and conditions, building permits, revisions to 
zoning plans, licences, fire, health and safety certificates, compliance with related regulations as well as 
restrictions in connection with historic preservation laws, subsidised housing or contractual limitations 
imposed by the seller of the respective property that may relate to investment obligations, limitations as to rent 
increases, or other provisions for extra-statutory tenant protection. In the case of environmental risks, 
Aroundtown or the original acquirers, as the case may be, may not have been able to undertake (or obtain 
results for) inspections and surveys (including labour and time intensive environmental and asbestos 
investigations and technical surveys) that Aroundtown would otherwise have carried out in the course of 
comparable acquisitions. In respect of certain properties in Aroundtown's portfolio, only limited investigation 
or review may have been undertaken prior to purchase as to the existence of harmful environmental 
contamination. It is therefore possible that Aroundtown has acquired, and may in the future acquire, properties 
with severe legal defects or which are not in compliance with applicable legal requirements. In addition, real 
estate transfer tax ("RETT") may inadvertently be, or have been, triggered in the course of such acquisitions 
of real estate. 
Even where the Group is supplied with sufficient information, there is no guarantee that it will be able to 
correctly evaluate and predict the impact of the risks and information that it receives. It is possible that damage 
or quality defects could remain entirely undiscovered or misunderstood, or that the scope of such problems 
may not be fully apparent in the course of Aroundtown's due diligence exercise, and/or that defects may only 
become apparent at a later time. Undetected defects could include the use of illicit building materials that can 
cause health hazards for the tenants or cause fatal accidents which are not covered by insurance (see 
“Aroundtown could sustain substantial losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance 
policies.”). In general, sellers exclude liability for hidden defects in properties which they sell, which would 
prevent a claim for any loss incurred by the Group in connection with the acquisition of such property. Even 
if liability for hidden defects has not been fully excluded, it is possible that the representations and warranties 
made by the seller in the course of the sale of the property fail to cover all risks and potential problems. In 
addition, warranty claims may be unenforceable due to a seller’s insolvency or for other reasons. 
Accordingly, in the course of acquiring a property portfolio, specific risks might not be, or might not have 
been, recognised or correctly evaluated which could lead to additional costs and could have an adverse effect 
on the proceeds from rental income and sales of the relevant properties. Any of the foregoing factors could 
have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results 
of operations. 
There is a risk that Aroundtown may incorrectly appraise the value of acquired properties or property 
portfolios, real estate companies or NPLs before, during and after an acquisition. 
Prior to acquisitions of properties, property portfolios, real estate companies or NPLs and/or other real estate 
related investments such as investments in real estate investment funds or Loans-to-own, Aroundtown carries 
out an examination and evaluation of the underlying properties to be acquired, which typically includes 
developing an initial business plan for the properties after taking into account required maintenance, 
refurbishment, modernisation, repositioning or capex measures. 
The assumptions, estimates and judgements made by Aroundtown in connection with these acquisitions may 
however be mistaken, inaccurate or incorrect, particularly with respect to anticipated rent and vacancy levels, 
commercial attractiveness, relevant costs and timeframes, and any other liabilities associated with the 
acquisition. During periods of reduced activity in the real estate markets, or periods of economic, political or

--- Page 36 ---
36
market volatility, market prices for properties may be difficult to assess which can lead to the risk that 
Aroundtown overpays for properties. This may result in certain assumptions in appraisal reports turning out to 
be inaccurate or incorrect. In addition, the valuation methods Aroundtown relies on could subsequently be 
found to have been unsuitable for the acquired properties. 
Accordingly, the actual performance of acquired properties may differ substantially from the performance 
predicted by Aroundtown at the time of acquisition. It may be more difficult than anticipated to lease or sell 
such properties, market rents could decline or fail to achieve the levels anticipated by Aroundtown, and capex 
requirements and/or vacancy rates may exceed Aroundtown's projections or even increase following the 
acquisition. Incorrect and erroneous valuations in connection with the acquisition of property portfolios and 
other unforeseeable events could result in Aroundtown being unable to achieve its projected yields, leading to 
the risk that valuations of the properties at their acquisition or later on have to be adjusted downwards (see “In 
the event of a downturn or other developments in the real estate markets of Germany, the Netherlands and 
other European countries in which the Group’s properties are located, in particular in the UK, or in the 
interest rate environment, the fair values of the properties in the Group’s portfolio may decline, which may 
have material adverse effects on the valuation of its property portfolio. ”). 
Any of the foregoing factors could result in reduced revenue, profits or cash flow and may negatively affect 
the value of the property portfolio of Aroundtown as reported in its financial statements and may lead to 
negative impacts on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of 
operations. 
Aroundtown’s investments are predominantly in real estate. Due to the potentially illiquid nature of the real 
estate market, Aroundtown may not be able to sell any portion of its portfolio or investments in a timely 
fashion, on favourable terms, or at all. In addition, Aroundtown may not be able to collect deferred sale 
price payments granted as vendor loans due to solvency issues of buyers.
Aroundtown primarily invests in real estate or in real estate companies. While the general strategy of 
Aroundtown is to hold properties that it acquires, Aroundtown will from time to time sell properties or 
portfolios of properties if attractive opportunities or market conditions arise, or for strategic reasons. The 
ability of Aroundtown to sell its properties generally depends on the liquidity of the real estate markets at the 
time of the potential sale. The demand for real estate assets is influenced by, among other factors, the quality 
of the property, vacancy rates, the overall economic and market situation at the time of the sale, the level of 
interest rates and the availability of debt financing to market participants.  
As a result, if Aroundtown were required to sell parts of its portfolio, particularly on short notice or under 
legal, financial or time pressure, there is no guarantee that Aroundtown would be able to do so in a timely 
fashion, or on favourable terms, or at all. For example, in the event of a forced sale, as a result of collateral 
enforcement by creditors, there would likely be a significant shortfall between the fair value and/or market 
value of (i) the property, (ii) property portfolio or (iii) the shares held by Aroundtown in an investee real estate 
company, as the case may be, and the price achievable upon the sale of any of the foregoing, and there can be 
no guarantee that the price obtained by Aroundtown would represent fair value or market value for such assets. 
When selling properties, Aroundtown from time to time may agree with the respective buyer to defer parts of 
the purchase price and grant a vendor loan for the deferred portion of the purchase price. There is no guarantee 
that the buyer will be able to repay the vendor loan in full or at all at maturity. While vendor loans are usually 
secured by the real estate assets underlying the sale, there is a risk that the value of the underlying assets has 
deteriorated since the transaction was entered into due to poor performance or a change in the market 
environment, which may have a negative financial impact on Aroundtown.  
The current economic environment could lead to an increased supply of real estate properties, as owners may 
be forced to sell real estate properties to gain liquidity. At the same time, the demand for real estate could 
decrease due to a possible downturn in the overall economic situation and other effects. This could have a 
negative effect on property prices as well as Aroundtown’s portfolio and thus impair Aroundtown’s ability to

--- Page 37 ---
37
sell its real estate properties on favourable terms. Due to the effects of the current economic situation, any 
future negative impact on property prices remains uncertain (see “Aroundtown depends on macroeconomic 
developments that impact, in particular, economic performance, interest rate levels and levels of inflation, 
which in turn could negatively affect the German, Dutch and UK real estate markets and the valuation of 
Aroundtown’s real estate portfolio.”). 
Aroundtown further relies on its network, including the contacts of its key personnel, to generate opportunities 
for the sale of its properties. There is no guarantee that Aroundtown’s network will provide it with sufficient 
opportunities in the future or that Aroundtown will be able to utilise its network for the sale of real estate in 
the future. 
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown may not be able to efficiently and effectively integrate newly acquired properties into its 
portfolio. 
After the acquisition of properties or a property portfolio, the properties must be integrated into Aroundtown's 
existing management platform. Although Aroundtown has developed an information technology ("IT") based 
platform that is intended to efficiently integrate newly acquired properties or real estate companies, the 
platform may fail to perform as expected. The integration of acquired properties and portfolios may be more 
difficult or take longer than anticipated and cost savings and synergies may not develop as expected, resulting 
in higher administrative and management costs than anticipated by Aroundtown. 
The integration of IT systems of newly acquired property portfolios or real estate companies into the existing 
IT platform of Aroundtown or transmission of the respective data into the IT system of Aroundtown could 
require significant time, effort and related costs. As Aroundtown continues to grow, further acquisitions could 
cause a significant increase in such costs, or in other costs related to the growth and development of 
Aroundtown's IT systems. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The board of directors of GCP may take resolutions or implement measures that are not supported by the 
Issuer or that are contrary to Aroundtown's strategy, policies or objectives. 
Although the Issuer is currently the largest single shareholder of GCP with a 62.7% interest in GCP as of 31 
December 2023, other shareholders of GCP may block resolutions in the general meeting of GCP that require 
a majority of two-thirds of the votes cast and thereby prevent the Issuer from implementing measures that are 
in line with Aroundtown's strategy, policies or objectives. 
Further, GCP’s board of directors may take resolutions or implement measures that are not supported by the 
Issuer or that are contrary to Aroundtown's strategy, policies or objectives, and which could negatively impact 
the strategy of Aroundtown. 
There is no guarantee that GCP will be able to successfully manage these risks or additional risks relevant to 
its business, or to manage or develop its business going forward. Any negative developments with respect to 
the risks facing GCP or any misjudgement, miscalculation, failure or inability of GCP to react to such 
developments or to manage or develop its business successfully may have a material adverse effect on the

--- Page 38 ---
38
business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of 
Aroundtown. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Issuer is exposed to risks with respect to its investments in Globalworth Real Estate Investments 
Limited. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer indirectly holds 30.4% of the voting rights in Globalworth 
Real Estate Investments Limited, Guernsey ("GWI"). GWI, which is listed on the Alternative Investment 
Market of the London Stock Exchange plc, is a real estate company whose portfolio consists mainly of office 
properties in Central and Eastern Europe, in particular Poland and Romania. Aroundtown holds its interest in 
GWI through a 50/50 joint venture structure with CPI Property Group S.A. While the joint venture company 
is the majority shareholder of GWI, holding 61% of GWI, it cannot be guaranteed that the joint venture partner 
agrees fully or in part with Aroundtown’s strategy and objectives regarding GWI, which may adversely affect 
the value of Aroundtown’s interest in GWI. Furthermore, the remaining shareholders of GWI may take 
decisions or actions that influence GWI and which are not supported by Aroundtown or that are contrary to 
the strategy or objectives of Aroundtown and which may adversely affect the value of the Issuer's interest in 
GWI. 
Due to GWI’s focus on office properties in Poland and Romania, GWI is exposed to demographic, legal, 
economic and political market developments in these markets. As direct neighbours to Ukraine, Poland and 
Romania have significant exposure to the negative impacts of the Russia-Ukraine War and both countries are 
currently hosting a high number of refugees. The associated risks include, in particular, economic and political 
developments in these countries, uncertainty in Europe and related currency fluctuations, as well as the 
potential effects of changes in interest rates. Similar to the COVID-19 related risks to which Aroundtown is 
exposed (see “The European real estate market and the Group’s business may likely continue to be negatively 
affected by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.”), GWI may also face risks caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic as regards the economy, the real estate market and its business operations, in particular the risk of a 
significant decrease in revenues from rental payments, difficulties in finding new tenants willing to enter into 
lease agreements on favourable terms and a restricted environment for financing and funding. Other risks 
include the availability of properties for acquisition, GWI's ability to successfully manage its properties, 
potential changes in the geographical composition and concentration risks in GWI's property portfolio, GWI's 
ability to find and retain suitable tenants for its properties, the effects of capex, maintenance, new positioning 
and repair of its properties, the availability of funds and GWI's ability to access the capital markets on 
favourable conditions. There are also risks relating to legal, regulatory, tax or administrative obligations in 
connection with GWI's properties. As GWI generates revenues from its portfolio in currencies other than euros, 
there are also risks with regard to possible currency fluctuations. 
It cannot be guaranteed that GWI will be able to successfully manage these or other risks relevant to its 
business. Negative developments with respect to GWI's risks or misjudgements, miscalculations, GWI's failure 
or inability to respond to such developments or to successfully manage or develop its business could have 
material adverse effects on GWI's business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows, net income 
and prospects and, in turn, could have material adverse effects on GWI's share price, the value of the Issuer's 
interest in GWI and GWI's potential future dividend distributions. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown's business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Minority interests of third parties in subsidiaries of Aroundtown or the interests of partners in joint ventures 
or co-investments may make it difficult to implement significant structural changes or take other material

--- Page 39 ---
39
actions with regard to these entities, in particular where those actions require a qualified majority or the 
unanimous consent of all shareholders of these entities. 
The Issuer and/or its subsidiaries do not own all shares and/or do not hold all voting rights in certain 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and co-investments, and are thus exposed to the influence of other shareholders or 
joint venture partners in the respective entities, including the holdings of minority shareholders. In some cases, 
significant structural changes or other material decisions with respect to such entities may only be implemented 
with qualified majority consent and/or the consent of the remaining shareholders or the joint venture partner 
under the terms of the joint venture or shareholder agreement. Such provisions may limit Aroundtown's 
flexibility to implement its strategy, policies or objectives with respect to the entity in question or even with 
respect to Aroundtown itself. This could affect the distribution of dividends from such subsidiary or the sale 
of shares in such subsidiary or related properties. Furthermore, a joint venture partner or minority shareholder 
may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of Aroundtown, take actions 
contrary to Aroundtown's strategy, policies or objectives, experience financial or other difficulties, or be unable 
or unwilling to fulfil their obligations under the relevant co-investment agreement. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Issuer is subject to certain obligations and restrictions due to its own stock listing and those of its 
subsidiaries GCP, WCM AG and GWI. 
The Issuer's and GCP’s shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
with simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with additional post-admission 
obligations (Prime Standard). The shares of the Group’s subsidiary WCM Grundbesitz- und Beteiligungs AG 
("WCM AG") are also admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
Consequently, the Issuer, GCP and WCM AG are exposed to the restrictions and obligations arising from the 
applicable laws and regulations in Germany as well as the requirements of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
Furthermore, the shares of GWI are listed on the London Stock Exchange in the Alternative Investment Market 
segment (see “The Issuer is exposed to risks with respect to its investments in Globalworth Real Estate 
Investments Limited.”). These stock listings impose obligations and restrictions on the Issuer, GCP, WCM AG 
and GWI under the applicable capital markets provisions, such as the European Market Abuse Regulation, 
including the prohibition of insider trading and obligations to draw up insider lists and disclose inside 
information as well as under the applicable rules of the relevant stock exchange. In addition, the Issuer, as a 
result of being a direct or indirect shareholder of GCP, WCM AG and GWI, is subject to applicable capital 
markets laws and regulations, such as certain notification obligations on shareholding, public takeover 
regulations and squeeze-out provisions. 
Any violation or breach of these laws and regulations could affect the overall reputation of the Issuer and, 
depending on the breach, expose the Issuer to administrative or judicial proceedings, which could result in 
adverse judgements and administrative fines. Furthermore, there is a risk that the obligations and restrictions 
arising from such laws and regulations may restrict or adversely influence Aroundtown’s ability to take 
material decisions with respect to the Issuer's interest in GCP, WCM AG and/or GWI. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown's business is exposed to risks from possible violations of building codes and other such 
regulations in Germany, the Netherlands and the UK as well as in other regions that it holds real estate. 
Aroundtown's business is exposed to the risk of non-compliance with building codes and other regulations 
with respect to the construction and maintenance of buildings. Such codes and regulations tend to become 
stricter over time. As a result, in addition to the risk that properties do not comply with such regulations at the 
time of acquisition, the Issuer could be required to upgrade fire, health and safety, environmental as well as

--- Page 40 ---
40
other protective standards of properties, which could require refurbishments and various maintenance and 
modernisation measures. Further, the estimated cost of implementing these measures is based on the 
assumption that the required permits are issued promptly and are consistent with Aroundtown's expectations 
and schedules. It is possible, however, that the required building permits are not issued as scheduled or are 
issued only subject to conditions, which may lead to substantial delays in the completion of such modernisation 
measures and result in higher than projected costs and lower rental income for the relevant properties. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Group may incur environmental liabilities, such as from residual pollution including wartime 
ordinance, soil conditions and contaminants in building materials. 
Properties owned or in the process of acquisition by the Group may contain ground contamination, hazardous 
substances, wartime relics (including potentially unexploded ordnance) and/or other residual pollution and 
environmental risks. The Group's properties and their fixtures might contain asbestos or other hazardous 
substances such as polychlorinated biphenyl, dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane, pentachlorophenol or lindane 
in excess of allowable or recommended thresholds, or the buildings could bear other environmental risks. 
The Group bears the risk of cost-intensive assessment, remediation or removal of environmental and other 
hazards. The discovery of any hazardous materials on the sites and/or in the buildings, particularly in 
connection with the letting or sale of properties or borrowing using the real estate as security, could trigger 
claims for rent reductions or termination of lease agreements for cause, for damages and other breach of 
warranty claims against Aroundtown. 
Moreover, environmental laws in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and other regions where Aroundtown’s 
properties are located, such as the German Federal Soil Protection Act (Bundesbodenschutzgesetz), typically 
impose actual and contingent liabilities to undertake remedial action on contaminated sites and in contaminated 
buildings or to compensate for damages. The liability need not be based on fault, i.e., the competent authority 
does not have to establish either negligence or intent on the part of the parties held liable. These obligations 
may relate to properties that the Group currently owns, properties that it acquires in the future or properties 
that the Group formerly owned because environmental laws typically impose liability not only on the polluter 
but also on its legal successor, the owner of the contaminated site and in some cases certain previous owners. 
For soil contamination, the German Federal Soil Protection Act (Bundesbodenschutzgesetz) provides for an 
ongoing responsibility of previous property owners if the property has been sold or transferred after 1 March 
1999 and the contamination was, or should have been, known to the previous owner. There is no general 
ranking as to which of the parties is primarily liable. It is within the discretion of the relevant authority to 
decide which party should be held liable. The party most likely to be held liable is the current owner of the 
contaminated site, because it is legally entitled to carry out the required remedial measures. 
The Group has sold various properties in the past and plans to sell further properties in the future. The Group 
could thus be held liable as a previous owner, but also as the responsible party having caused the 
contamination. Some of the properties sold by Aroundtown in the past were affected by soil contaminations. 
While Aroundtown has received declarations of indemnification by federal states and from several purchasers, 
there is no guarantee that all costs incurred by Aroundtown will ultimately be covered by declarations of 
indemnification or purchase agreements, or that the purchasers will be able to fulfil their indemnification 
obligations. 
Further, even if Aroundtown itself is not responsible for existing contamination or pollution of the soil or 
buildings, it might be legally or practically difficult or impossible to force the responsible parties to remedy or 
remove the damage or take recourse against such parties. Even if Aroundtown performs customary due

--- Page 41 ---
41
diligence with regard to soil contamination prior to acquiring new real estate, this due diligence may not expose 
all environmental issues such that Aroundtown may remain liable. 
The costs of any investigation, remediation or removal of any residual pollution on such sites or in such 
buildings as well as costs related to legal proceedings, including potential damages, may be substantial, and it 
may be impossible, for a number of reasons, for Aroundtown to have recourse against a former seller of a 
contaminated site or building or the party that may otherwise be responsible for the contamination, for 
example, because the former seller or polluter cannot be identified, no longer exists or has become insolvent. 
Moreover, even the mere suspicion of the existence of ground contamination, hazardous materials, wartime 
relics or other residual pollution can negatively affect the value of a property and the ability to let or sell such 
a property. 
Laws and regulations may also impose liability for the release of certain materials into the air or water from a 
property, including asbestos, and such release could form the basis for liability to third parties for personal 
injury or other damages. In addition, if Aroundtown's officers or employees infringe or have infringed 
environmental protection laws, Aroundtown could be exposed to civil or criminal damages. Aroundtown may 
be required to provide for additional reserves with respect to its potential obligations to remove and dispose of 
any hazardous and toxic substances. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group.  
Aroundtown may not achieve its sustainability goals, particularly those related to climate protection. 
Aroundtown’s sustainability strategy incorporates self-set environmental, social and corporate governance 
matters ("ESG"). 
Aroundtown’s reputation may be damaged if it fails to achieve its self-set ESG goals. In addition, market 
participants and lenders are increasingly focused on sustainability and "green financing" and failure to achieve 
self-set ESG goals may have a negative impact on Aroundtown’s ability to access capital markets and bank 
finance options on attractive terms or at all, and make the Issuer’s existing securities less attractive for 
investors. If Aroundtown fails to meet expectations and trends related to sustainability in a timely manner or 
at all, there could be a decline in demand from tenants. 
From a regulatory perspective, failure to achieve the sustainability goals may also have a negative impact on 
Aroundtown. For example, the introduction of a CO2 levy or other tightening of regulatory requirements in 
connection with sustainability could directly or indirectly increase Aroundtown’s costs. 
Failure to achieve its own goals or regulator-imposed requirements in respect of ESG matters could have an 
indirect adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net 
profits and prospects of the Group. 
Aroundtown could sustain substantial losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its 
insurance policies. 
The properties held by Aroundtown are generally insured in line with industry standards for such properties 
against losses due to fire, flooding, earthquakes and other natural hazards, operational interruptions and third-
party liability, as well as terrorism. Aroundtown's insurance policies are, however, subject to exclusions and 
limitations of liability. Aroundtown may, therefore, have limited or no coverage relating to third-party liability, 
other natural disasters and other environmental risks or war. Aroundtown may also have limited or no coverage 
relating to inflation, changes in planning laws or regulations, building codes and ordinances, title defects and 
defective construction. In addition, Aroundtown may not be able to renew its current insurance arranagements

--- Page 42 ---
42
on favourable terms or Aroundtown's insurance providers could become insolvent and thus unable to fulfil 
their obligations to Aroundtown. 
Aroundtown does not maintain separate funds or otherwise set aside reserves to cover losses or third-party 
claims from uninsured events. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of Aroundtown's insurance limits 
occur, Aroundtown could lose capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated income and 
capital appreciation from that property. In such circumstances Aroundtown may incur further costs to repair 
damage caused by uninsured risks. Aroundtown could also remain liable for any debt or other financial 
obligation related to such property and may experience material losses in excess of insurance proceeds. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of Aroundtown. 
Aroundtown may face difficulties in replacing key personnel if it loses them. 
The success of Aroundtown depends on the performance of its management executives and qualified 
employees in key positions, particularly employees active in the management of Aroundtown with substantial 
expertise as to the sourcing of new property portfolios and the value-add and repositioning process for real 
estate. The loss of one or more members of the Board of Directors, the management body, advisory board or 
other key employees of Aroundtown could impair Aroundtown's ability to manage its operations effectively, 
in particular if Aroundtown fails to attract new highly qualified management executives or qualified employees 
in key positions. Aroundtown also faces competition for highly qualified employees from competing real estate 
companies and other types of companies, and may not be able to recruit, retain or replace key employees in a 
timely fashion or at all. 
The failure to provide the necessary management resources or to recruit, retain or replace key employees may 
have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results 
of operations. 
Damage or interruptions to Aroundtown's IT systems could lead to diminished data security and limit 
Aroundtown's business operations. 
Aroundtown's proprietary IT systems are an important part of its business model. Any interruptions in, failures 
of or damage to Aroundtown's IT systems could lead to business process delays or interruptions. Aroundtown’s 
IT systems may be vulnerable to security breaches and cyber-attacks from unauthorised persons both outside 
and within Aroundtown. If Aroundtown's IT systems were to fail and back-ups were not available, it would 
have to recreate existing databases, which would be time-consuming and expensive as well as potentially 
unsuccessful. Aroundtown may also have to expend additional funds and resources to protect against or to 
remedy potential or existing security breaches and related consequences. Any malfunction or impairment of 
Aroundtown's IT systems could interrupt its operations, including its monitoring, controlling and reporting 
operations, which may result in increased costs and potentially lost revenue. Aroundtown cannot guarantee 
that anticipated and/or recognised malfunctions can be avoided or remedied by appropriate preventative, 
maintenance or security measures in every case. Damage, malfunction or interruptions in Aroundtown's IT 
systems may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash 
flow and results of operations. 
A loss of reputation or harm to the brand name of the Issuer, GCP or insufficient levels of tenant satisfaction 
may reduce the demand for Aroundtown's properties, shares or debt and make it more difficult for 
Aroundtown to raise equity capital or debt on attractive terms. 
If Aroundtown is unable to maintain its good reputation, brand names and high levels of client service, tenant 
satisfaction and the demand for Aroundtown's properties may decline. In particular, any damage to the 
reputation or brand names of Aroundtown including the Issuer’s name and the brand names of GCP may make 
it more difficult for Aroundtown and GCP to rent properties on favourable terms or at all or to attract or retain

--- Page 43 ---
43
tenants. The misuse, misrepresentation or abuse of Aroundtown’s or GCP’s reputation or brand names may 
also occur due to the actions or omissions of third parties without the respective consent or awareness of 
Aroundtown or GCP and may occur even if the alleged events or actions are false, misleading or did not occur. 
Any loss of reputation or harm to these brand names may restrict Aroundtown's ability to attract or retain 
tenants and business partners, and may limit the ability to source new business opportunities or acquire new 
property on favourable terms or at all. Moreover, it may make it more difficult, expensive or impossible for 
Aroundtown to raise equity capital, issue debt or gain access to financing from banks or the capital markets. 
Any of the foregoing factors could result in a material decline in the share price of the Issuer or the trading 
prices of its bonds, and may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the shareholding structure of the Issuer.  
The Issuer’s share capital as at the date of this Base Prospectus amounts to €15,370,256.09 and is divided into 
1,537,025,609 shares having a nominal value of €0.01 each. Based on the information available to the Issuer, 
the current largest shareholders of the Issuer are Avisco Group/Vergepoint with approximately 15% of the 
share capital, Stumpf Capital GmbH with approximately 10% of the share capital, and TLG with 
approximately 12% of the share capital (subject as further described below). Depending on its attendance at 
the Issuer's general meetings, Avisco Group/Vergepoint may be able to exercise significant influence in the 
Issuer’s general meeting.  
In addition, the Issuer holds approximately 29% of share capital as treasury shares, including shares held by 
its subsidiary, TLG. Treasury shares are exempt from voting in the general meeting and thereby increase the 
proportional amount of the voting rights of all other shareholders. As a consequence, approximately 35% of 
the outstanding shares are sufficient to adopt resolutions that require the majority of the votes in the general 
meeting. Such percentage may be further reduced depending on the attendance of the Issuer’s general 
meetings.  
Each shareholder or group of shareholders who controls more than 50% of the voting rights represented at a 
general meeting is in a position to exert a significant influence on the resolutions of the general meeting. The 
articles of association of the Issuer (the "Articles of Association") provide for a simple majority, i.e. more 
votes in favour than against, and the requirement of a two-thirds majority for certain other resolutions, in 
particular for amendments to the Articles of Association. With a corresponding majority of the voting rights, 
such shareholders could also actively prevent certain resolutions of the general meeting which require a simple 
majority by voting against them. Depending on the attendance at the general meeting, these shareholders may 
also represent a majority of more than two-thirds of the share capital. In this case, such shareholders could also 
initiate structural change measures. Such conduct could lead to resolutions at the Issuer’s general meetings 
which are not in line with the interests of the Issuer or the interests of the other shareholders or bondholders 
of the Issuer. Moreover, the amount of treasury shares currently held by the Issuer, may also prevent an 
extraordinary general meeting of the Issuer from adopting resolutions that require a quorum of one half of the 
Issuer’s share capital to be represented. In such a scenario, the Issuer would have to convene a further 
extraordinary general meeting that could adopt resolutions regardless of a certain quorum. 
Valuation Risks 
In the event of a downturn or other negative developments in the real estate markets of Germany, the 
Netherlands, the UK and other European countries in which the Group’s properties are located, or a 
deterioration in the interest rate environment, the fair values of the properties in the Group’s portfolio may 
decline, which may have material adverse effects on the valuation of its property portfolio. 
The Group accounts for its investment properties at fair value. Fair value is the price that would be received 
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the

--- Page 44 ---
44
measurement date, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. Fair value is primarily based on trends in the real 
estate market, including regional market developments, as well as based on general economic conditions, rent 
levels and, to a lesser extent, on interest rate levels. The general economic conditions, the conditions of the 
real estate market and interest rate levels have already been adversely affected by the impact of the current 
global economic environment such as the impacts of the Russia-Ukraine War and the COVID-19 pandemic 
(see “Aroundtown's business could be adversely impacted by negative developments in the economy and in the 
commercial and residential real estate markets, primarily in Germany, the Netherlands and the UK.” and 
“The European real estate market and the Group’s business may likely continue to be negatively affected by 
the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.”) as well as other developments. For the year ended 31 December 
2023, the Issuer recorded negative property revaluations in the amount of €3.2 billion, mainly as a result of 
higher discount and capitalisation rates primarily driven by the higher interest rates. For 2024, the Issuer 
expects that negative pressures on valuations will remain, which could outweigh positive portfolio 
developments and may result in additional and potentially substantial negative property revaluations. In 
addition, it cannot be excluded that, depending on future developments and market conditions, substantial 
valuation adjustments may arise which would then have a further negative impact on the Issuer. 
Should the current economic situation characterised by high inflation, rising interest rates and the threat of a 
potential recession in the Eurozone, continue, further, and even substantial downward adjustments of the fair 
values of Aroundtown’s properties may become necessary. Such further downward adjustments, if substantial, 
are likely to have material adverse effects on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow 
and results of operations. 
As a consequence, the Group’s most recent financial statements may not reflect declines in value of the 
Group’s property portfolio which have occurred since then.  
Any change in fair value must be recognised as a profit or loss under the fair value adjustment. Any significant 
negative fair value adjustments that Aroundtown is required to make could therefore have significant adverse 
effects on Aroundtown's financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, there would be negative 
effects on certain performance indicators, particularly with respect to net asset value ("NAV") and LTV-ratio, 
which may have a negative influence on the credit rating of the Issuer and may constitute a covenant breach 
under certain financing agreements or debt securities. (see “There are risks of foreclosure if the borrowing 
group entities of Aroundtown do not fulfil their obligations under loans granted by banks. A breach of 
covenants or undertakings under loan agreements, such as a change of control within Aroundtown or a 
material decline in the collateral securing the loan, could result in substantial payment obligations for 
Aroundtown and could lead to the enforcement of the related collateral including sales at prices substantially 
below fair value.”). 
Establishing the valuation parameters involves substantial judgement and such judgements may prove to be 
inaccurate. The valuation model is predominantly based on the present value of net cash flows to be generated 
from the property in question, taking into account expected rental growth rates, void periods, occupancy rates, 
lease incentive costs such as rent-free periods and other costs not paid by tenants, as well as capex and 
maintenance expenses related to the property. In specific cases, the appraisers use special assumptions, 
assuming facts that differ from the actual facts existing at the valuation date or that would not be made by a 
typical market participant in a transaction on the valuation date. The expected net cash flows are discounted 
using risk-adjusted discount rates. Among other factors, the discount rate estimation considers the quality of a 
building and its location, tenant credit quality, lease duration and terms, and the interest rate environment. In 
addition, some of the most recent valuations and judgements by third party appraisers were reported on the 
basis of ‘material valuation uncertainty’ due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and thus, less certainty 
and a higher degree of caution should be attached to such valuations than would normally be the case (see also 
“Real estate valuation is based on assumptions that may change and are inherently subjective and uncertain.

--- Page 45 ---
45
The values recorded in the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements may not reflect the value of 
Aroundtown’s property portfolio or development rights held by Aroundtown.”). 
In addition, any change to valuation methodology may result in gains or losses in Aroundtown's financial 
statements, based on the change to each property's valuation compared with prior valuations. When evaluating 
its properties, Aroundtown engages third party appraisers. The valuations given to its properties by third party 
appraisers and reflected in Aroundtown's financial statements and in this Base Prospectus may exceed or fall 
below the actual amount of net proceeds which would be realised on the relevant property at the time of any 
sale, and are subject to fluctuation over time. Such variations may be driven by factors outside the control of 
Aroundtown and Aroundtown may not be able to realise the full property value reflected in any valuation 
report. 
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Real estate valuation is based on assumptions that may change and are inherently subjective and uncertain. 
The values recorded in the Issuer's consolidated financial statements may not reflect the value of 
Aroundtown’s property portfolio or development rights held by Aroundtown. 
Valuation reports are based on standardised valuation approaches and represent the opinion of the respective 
independent expert who prepared the reports. Valuation reports are based on customary assumptions which 
have only been verified by random sampling. In valuing a property, an appraiser may consider factors such as 
real estate tax rates, operating expenses, potential environmental liabilities and the risks associated with certain 
construction materials, in addition to expected rental income, the property's condition and its historic vacancy 
level. Therefore, property valuations may be based on assumptions or models that may not be correct or may 
contain mistakes. An adverse change, or a mistake, in one of the assumptions used or factors considered in 
valuing a property can decrease the assessed value of the property. 
Development rights held by Aroundtown are typically valued using a residual value model, based on various 
factors such as expected rent of the property or sale price of the completed units, operational expenses after 
completion, construction costs, timing of construction, financing expenses during the development stage and 
after completion, capitalisation rates and assumptions on utilisation and approval of building rights. Any 
change in the assumptions used or factors considered in valuing these development rights may lead to a change 
in the fair value of these development rights, which may result in a write down of the value of such rights for 
the relevant accounting periods. 
Important assumptions used by independent real estate appraisers are based on information prepared by 
Aroundtown, such as vacancy rates, average rental periods and current rental income. The valuation reports 
are therefore based in part on so-called special assumptions that have not yet occurred at the time the property 
was valued. A change in the factors taken into account and the assumptions used may lead to lower valuation 
results. If several of the special assumptions later prove to be incorrect, then this can have a material adverse 
effect on the fair value of the respective property. In addition, the valuations are carried out by independent 
appraisers on different valuation dates and generally, the further back the valuation date of a valuation report, 
the greater the risk that the values determined therein may have changed due to a wide variety of factors. 
The valuation of Aroundtown’s portfolio may not reflect the actual sale or market prices that Aroundtown 
could generate on a sale of its property, even where any such sales occur shortly after the relevant valuation 
date, or the estimated yield and annual rental income of any such property. In particular, during times of 
reduced real estate transaction levels, market prices for properties may be difficult to assess. 
Any re-valuation of the portfolio of Aroundtown could also cause the fair values determined for the respective 
valuation date to fall short of the book values of the relevant properties, resulting in a fair value loss. Under

--- Page 46 ---
46
such circumstances, Aroundtown would be required to immediately write down the value of the relevant 
properties for the relevant accounting period. 
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Financial Risks 
Aroundtown may not be able to extend its existing credit arrangements, refinance its debt on attractive terms 
when it matures or obtain acquisition financing on financially attractive terms as and when needed. 
Aroundtown may require additional funds to finance or refinance its debt, capex, future acquisitions and 
working capital requirements. Aroundtown may likewise need to borrow additional funds or raise additional 
equity or debt capital. The extent of Aroundtown's future capital requirements will depend on many factors 
which may be beyond Aroundtown's control, and its ability to meet its capital requirements will depend on its 
future operating performance and ability to generate cash flows. Additional sources of financing may include 
equity, hybrid debt/equity instruments, debt financing or other arrangements. There can be no assurance, 
however, that Aroundtown will be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms when required.  
In particular, a further deterioration of the economic environment, persistently high inflation rates, rising 
interest rates and volatile capital markets may limit Aroundtown’s ability to refinance its existing or future 
liabilities, or gain access to new financing, including debt and equity financing, on attractive terms or at all.  
Provided capital markets remain generally open to issuers like the Issuer, they are more volatile and could 
even be shut on a temporary basis. In case of such adverse market conditions, the Issuer’s ability to access 
capital markets could be limited, which would result in increased funding costs, thereby resulting in an adverse 
impact on its earnings and financial position and the Issuer’s ability to refund maturing liabilities. 
If Aroundtown does not generate sufficient cash flows or if Aroundtown is unable to obtain sufficient funds 
from future equity or debt financings at affordable conditions, Aroundtown may not be able to pay its debts as 
they come due or to fulfil its liquidity requirements. 
A rise in general interest rate levels could increase Aroundtown's financing costs. When it attempts to 
mitigate interest rate risk or currency exchange rate fluctuations by entering into hedging agreements, 
Aroundtown also becomes exposed to the risks associated with the valuation of hedge instruments and the 
hedging counterparties. 
When entering into financing agreements or extending such agreements, Aroundtown depends on its ability to 
agree on terms for interest payments that will not impair its desired profit and amortisation schedules. 
Aroundtown's activities are subject to financing risks arising from changes in interest rates. For instance, the 
ECB has raised its key interest rates materially by several decisions since July 2022 (see also “Aroundtown is 
subject to macroeconomic developments that impact, in particular, economic performance, interest rate levels 
and levels of inflation, which in turn could negatively affect the German, Dutch and UK real estate markets 
and the valuation of Aroundtown’s real estate portfolio.”). Rising interest rates would lead to higher financing 
costs in the future and may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of Aroundtown. Aroundtown regularly enters into financing agreements with variable interest rates 
while hedging such variable interest rate with customary market hedging instruments, such as interest swaps, 
floors or caps. However, the hedging instruments that Aroundtown uses may not be completely effective, and 
Aroundtown may be unable to enter into necessary extensions or renegotiations of financing agreements or 
hedging instruments at their current terms, including associated costs, or to the extent planned. As a result, 
Aroundtown expects to incur additional significant costs as a result of increased exposure to interest rate risks. 
Additionally, the hedging agreements that Aroundtown enters into may generally not completely 
counterbalance a potential change in interest rates, whereby the remaining interest rate fluctuations may have

--- Page 47 ---
47
a negative impact on Aroundtown’s equity. In addition, Aroundtown is exposed to the risk that its hedging 
counterparties will not perform their obligations as established by the hedging agreements. Hedging 
counterparties may default on their obligations to Aroundtown due to lack of liquidity, operational failure, 
bankruptcy or other reasons. 
The occurrence of any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash 
flows and financial condition and results of operations of Aroundtown. 
A downgrade or withdrawal of the Issuer's or GCP’s current credit rating may impact Aroundtown’s ability 
to obtain financing or issue further debt and may have a negative impact on Aroundtown's debt costs and 
on the share price of the Issuer and/or GCP. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is assigned a "BBB+" investment grade rating with a negative 
outlook by S&P. Additionally, GCP is assigned an investment grade credit rating of "BBB+" with a negative 
outlook from S&P and an investment grade credit rating of "Baa1" with a negative outlook from Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's") (on an unsolicited basis). 
The credit ratings of the Issuer and/or GCP may be downgraded or withdrawn in future as a result of factors 
that are beyond the Issuer's control, such as a deterioration in the real estate or financial markets, value decline 
of the Group's assets, goodwill impairment or due to weakened financial performance by the Issuer, GCP or 
Aroundtown. Any negative change in the credit rating of the Issuer or GCP may, when accessing future 
financing, require the Issuer and other members of the Group to, among other things, pay higher interest rates 
and/or provide increased collateral or other security if they are able to access such additional financing at all. 
If the Issuer and/or GCP were to lose its investment grade rating, this would significantly restrict refinancing 
options in the capital markets and significantly increase refinancing costs. In particular, future issuances of 
unsecured bonds and notes may become substantially more expensive or may not be possible in the targeted 
amounts. A downgrade or withdrawal of the credit ratings of the Issuer and/or GCP may also result in a breach 
of certain financial covenants in their respective credit lines, financing arrangements and/or debt issuances, 
and may have a material adverse effect on their respective businesses. A downgrade or withdrawal of the credit 
ratings of the Issuer and/or GCP may also result in a significant decline in the share price of the Issuer and/or 
GCP (see “Aroundtown's business could be adversely impacted by negative developments in the economy and 
in the commercial and residential real estate markets, primarily in Germany, the Netherlands and the UK.”). 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The breach of covenants contained in the terms and conditions by Aroundtown under its outstanding bonds 
or a default of other obligations of Aroundtown under its outstanding bonds may result in substantial 
payment obligations for Aroundtown. 
The Group has borrowed a significant amount of debt through the issue of unsecured bonds (the "Outstanding 
Senior Bonds"). As of 31 December 2023, the total aggregate carrying amount of Outstanding Senior Bonds 
was €12.0 billion (including Outstanding Senior Bonds in currencies other than euro converted into euro as of 
31 December 2023). The terms and conditions of the Outstanding Senior Bonds contain customary financial 
covenants such as maintaining debt service coverage ratios, leverage ratios and unencumbered asset ratios. 
Any breach of such covenants may trigger an event of default under the corresponding bonds as well as a 
cross-default under the other Outstanding Senior Bonds and the other financing arrangements of Aroundtown.

--- Page 48 ---
48
Failure to make payments of principal or interest as they come due will also result in events of default under 
the Outstanding Senior Bonds provided that applicable cure periods have elapsed. 
If the Issuer is unable to cure or avoid the occurrence of an event of default, significant amounts of indebtedness 
may become immediately due and repayable. An inability to satisfy these debts may result in the insolvency 
of the Issuer. 
Any of the foregoing factors might have a material adverse impact on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
A change of control in the Issuer or certain kinds of mergers may result in a substantial payment obligation 
for the Issuer with respect to its Outstanding Senior Bonds. 
According to the conditions of the Outstanding Senior Bonds, the holders of such bonds are entitled to request 
redemption of their bonds in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the relevant terms and conditions) 
of the Issuer. A Change of Control is generally deemed to occur if a third party acquires more than 50% of the 
voting rights in the Issuer (subject to limited exceptions for existing shareholders) or the right to appoint and/or 
remove the majority of the members of the Board of Directors. Furthermore, the holders of these bonds are 
entitled to demand repayment of the bonds in the event of special mergers ("Special Merger") under 
Luxembourg law in which the company is dissolved without liquidation and absorbed by another company. 
In the event of a Change of Control or Special Merger, the Issuer may face substantial repayment obligations 
or an event of default under the Outstanding Senior Bonds, and there is no guarantee that the Issuer will have 
access to sufficient funds or additional financing in order to satisfy such repayment obligations. Such failure 
would be an event of default under the related debt instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer, and could result 
in the insolvency of the Issuer. 
The Issuer's cash flow requirements and possible future interest payments are dependent on the profitability 
of Aroundtown or may be met with borrowed funds or by selling property. Aroundtown may also suffer 
losses from investment in short-term traded securities. 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group and conducts its business primarily through other entities of 
Aroundtown. In order to service the Issuer's and the Group’s debt, Aroundtown needs to continue to achieve 
positive cash flows from operating activities. Aroundtown generally generates its cash flow from rental and 
operating income as well as proceeds from disposals. If Aroundtown is unable to generate positive cash flows 
from its operating activities in the future, Aroundtown could be forced to sell properties irrespective of the 
market situation and possibly on terms unfavourable to Aroundtown or be forced to borrow money on 
financially unattractive terms (if it is able to do so at all) in order to meet its obligations (see “Aroundtown’s 
investments are predominantly in real estate. Due to the potentially illiquid nature of the real estate market, 
Aroundtown may not be able to sell any portion of its portfolio or investments in a timely fashion, on favourable 
terms or at all. In addition, Aroundtown may not be able to collect deferred sale price payments granted as 
vendor loans due to solvency issues of buyers.”). 
Aroundtown will from time to time invest in short term-traded securities, primarily to generate returns from 
excess cash. There can be no guarantee that Aroundtown will not suffer losses related to these investments, 
which may cause its financial results to fluctuate. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Decisions of the Group not to redeem its outstanding Perpetual Notes on their relevant first-interest reset 
date or decisions of the Group to defer interest payments under the Perpetual Notes may have material

--- Page 49 ---
49
adverse impacts on investor confidence in capital markets instruments issued by the Group and may 
significantly impact the Group’s ability to fundraise in future.
The Group has issued a significant amount of perpetual notes which are accounted for as equity in the Issuer’s 
consolidated balance sheet under IFRS and which are treated by certain credit rating agencies for a certain 
time period at 50% of their outstanding principal amount as equity when awarding credit ratings (the 
"Perpetual Notes"). As of 31 December 2023, the total aggregate carrying amount of Perpetual Notes of the 
Group was approximately €4.8 billion. The Perpetual Notes do not provide for a maturity date and, under their 
terms, the repayment of the Perpetual Notes as well as any interest payments are within the discretion of the 
Group and may not be enforced by the relevant Noteholders, other than in an insolvency of the Issuer, where 
claims of holders of Perpetual Notes rank junior to all other obligations of the Issuer and only senior to claims 
relating to the shares of the Issuer. However, the terms of the Perpetual Notes provide for a contractual reset 
of the applicable interest rate after a certain initial duration (so called “interest-rate reset”), which is in most 
cases applicable after a duration of five years.  
Although holders of Perpetual Notes under the respective terms and conditions of the Perpetual Notes have no 
legal recourse against the Issuer for repayment of the Perpetual Notes on the occurrence of a Reset Date, it 
may be the general expectation of the capital markets and investors investing in such instruments that issuers 
will repay such instruments on their relevant First Reset Date. In 2023 and 2024, the Group decided not to 
exercise the option to voluntarily redeem certain of its outstanding Perpetual Notes on their respective First 
Reset Dates. The Group cannot exclude that other Perpetual Notes will also not be called on their respective 
First Reset Dates. 
Although a redemption of its Perpetual Notes remains possible at the option of the Group also after the relevant 
First Reset Date, it cannot be excluded that a non-call may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
future financing options. Any inaction of the Group regarding a repayment of Perpetual Notes on their relevant 
First Reset Date, even if economically beneficial to the Issuer, may deteriorate investor confidence in capital 
markets instruments issued by the Group. This could significantly limit the Group’s ability to fundraise through 
the capital markets.  
Additionally, a 50%-equity credit awarded by S&P for credit rating purposes is generally only available for 
the term until the relevant First Reset Date. By not exercising the Issuer’s option to call the Perpetual Notes 
on such date, it is expected that S&P would no longer attribute the 50%-equity credit to the relevant tranche 
of Perpetual Notes. While the decision to not call a specific tranche of Perpetual Notes on the relevant First 
Reset Date generally does not have an impact on the 50%-equity credit content of the other Perpetual Notes, 
it cannot be ruled out that S&P or other rating agencies may change their current policies and may withdraw 
the equity credit also from other Perpetual Notes. Moreover, it cannot be excluded that S&P or other rating 
agencies would take any inaction by the Issuer to repay the Perpetual Notes on the relevant First Reset Date 
into consideration when awarding a future credit rating, or even consider downgrading an existing credit rating 
based on these considerations. 
Furthermore, depending on the economic environment and the Group’s financial position, the Issuer may 
according to the terms and conditions of the respective Perpetual Notes decide at its sole discretion to defer 
interest payments relating to such Perpetual Notes. However, under the terms of the Perpetual Notes, the Issuer 
will be required to mandatorily pay all outstanding arrears of interest if, among others, it redeems the respective 
Perpetual Notes, pays interest on any other scheduled Interest Payment Date, resolves to distribute a dividend 
to its shareholders, or redeems, repurchases or otherwise acquires Perpetual Notes (except where expressly 
permitted in the terms and conditions of the respective Perpetual Notes). A deferral of interest payments under 
any of the Perpetual Notes is highly likely to have a significant adverse impact on the Group’s future ability 
to raise funds through Perpetual Notes and may also impact the Group’s fundraising options with respect to 
other capital markets instruments. Additionally, a deferral of interest relating to the Perpetual Notes will likely 
result in a suspension of the Issuer’s dividend, and narrows the Group’s refinancing options for its Perpetual 
Notes to public tender offers below their respective par-value, until the Group pays the outstanding arrears of 
interest on such Perpetual Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
50
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations.  
There are risks of foreclosure if the borrowing group entities of Aroundtown do not fulfil their obligations 
under loans granted by banks. A breach of covenants or undertakings under loan agreements, such as a 
change of control within Aroundtown or a material decline in the collateral securing the loan, could result 
in substantial payment obligations for Aroundtown and could lead to the enforcement of the related 
collateral including sales at prices substantially below fair value.  
Aroundtown has raised capital in the past through bank loans and will likely continue to do so in the future. 
The receivables resulting from loans granted by banks for the purpose of acquiring and/or redeveloping 
properties are usually secured by first-ranking liens on the relevant property in favour of the lending bank. If 
the relevant entity of Aroundtown does not fulfil its obligations under the loan, for example, repayment of 
principal and interest when they become due, or a potential breach of covenants or undertakings is not cured 
within the cure period, such entity could be forced to sell the respective property under time pressure or on 
unfavourable conditions, or the lending bank may be entitled to enforce collateral, any of which may lead to a 
sale of the property at a price substantially below fair value. 
In order to increase its financial flexibility, the Group routinely enters into credit facilities of various types. 
These are either unsecured or secured. As security for these credit facilities, the Group may pledge real estate 
assets, the GCP shares that it holds, or other traded securities. These credit facilities may include provisions 
with respect to mandatory prepayments and/or cancellations in the event of a change of control or in the case 
of the occurrence of certain events or triggers with respect to the pledged securities, including a decline in 
share price. 
Loan agreements between banks and entities of Aroundtown usually provide for financial covenants or 
undertakings. If the relevant entity is in breach of such covenants or undertakings, the lender may terminate 
the affected loan agreements. In addition, certain of Aroundtown's loan agreements require that Aroundtown 
obtain the lender's approval in connection with any change in tenant or a new rental agreement for the relevant 
properties. While Aroundtown generally maintains good relationships with its lending partners, there is no 
guarantee that Aroundtown's lenders in such circumstances will grant their approval for tenant changes that 
Aroundtown would like to make, which may limit Aroundtown's ability to manage certain of its properties. 
Most of the loan agreements of entities of Aroundtown with banks contain change of control clauses enabling 
the respective lender to terminate the loan agreement in case of a change of control without the lender's consent. 
Under a considerable portion of the loan agreements, the respective lender may terminate the loan agreement 
if (a) the Issuer is no longer (directly or indirectly) the majority shareholder of the respective borrower or (b) 
the property management of the respective property is no longer performed by a member of Aroundtown. If a 
loan agreement is terminated due to the aforementioned reasons, the outstanding amounts (principal and 
interest) under the affected loan agreements are immediately due and payable. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown is subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. 
The Group owns properties in the UK and is therefore exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
Aroundtown’s accounting currency for its consolidated statements is euro, while some of its subsidiaries in 
the UK draw up their financial statements in GBP. The exchange rates between GBP and the euro may fluctuate 
significantly. The results of operations and financial position of the Group’s UK subsidiaries and affiliates are 
reported in GBP and are then translated into euros at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in 
Aroundtown’s and GCP’s consolidated financial statements, which are stated in euro. A decline in the GBP 
relative to the euro would have an adverse effect on the euro value of such properties, as reflected in 
Aroundtown’s and GCP’s consolidated financial statements. Any decrease in fair value of its properties held

--- Page 51 ---
51
in the UK might be exacerbated through exchange rate fluctuations. Aroundtown seeks to reduce exchange 
rate fluctuations between the euro and GBP by matching commitments, cash flows and debt in the same 
currency. 
In addition, Aroundtown has issued Outstanding Senior Bonds in currencies other than in euro, namely in 
USD, Swiss franc, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, Hong Kong dollar, JPY, Norwegian Krone and GBP. 
Although Aroundtown typically enters into hedging agreements to mitigate currency risks from its foreign 
currency exposures, Aroundtown is exposed to the risk that its hedging counterparties will not perform their 
obligations under these hedging agreements. Hedging counterparties may default on their obligations vis-à-vis 
Aroundtown due to a lack of liquidity, operational failure, bankruptcy or other reasons. 
Furthermore, Aroundtown may not be able to hedge its currency risks completely through the aforementioned 
measures or at acceptable cost, which could materially adversely affect Aroundtown’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Risks related to the TLG takeover 
The integration of TLG Group into Aroundtown may not be successful, may not proceed as planned, or 
may involve higher than anticipated or unexpected costs. 
The Issuer and TLG are continuing the integration of TLG into the Group following the completion of the 
TLG takeover (the "TLG Integration"). While the Issuer and TLG have already accomplished substantial 
integration activities, the TLG Integration is expected to take several years and require considerable 
management attention, personnel utilisation and financial resources. 
Although the Issuer holds approximately 88.2% of the shares of TLG ("TLG Shares") the management board 
(Vorstand) of TLG is solely responsible for the management of TLG and at its own discretion. The discretion 
of the management board of TLG may conflict with the interests of the Issuer. At present, there is no 
domination agreement (Beherrschungsvertrag) in place between the Issuer and TLG. In particular, the Issuer 
cannot issue instructions to the management board of TLG. It is currently not foreseeable whether the Issuer 
will propose entry into a domination agreement. 
The ongoing TLG Integration may encounter difficulties, including: 

coordinating corporate and administrative infrastructures and harmonising insurance coverage for the 
combined group; 

unanticipated issues in coordinating accounting, IT, communications, administration and other 
systems; and 

litigation relating to the TLG Integration, including shareholder litigation. 
If the Issuer is unable to pursue the TLG Integration in an efficient and effective manner due to the difficulties 
listed above or otherwise, the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the TLG Integration may not be fully 
realised, or realised at all, or it may take longer to realise them, which could adversely affect Aroundtown’s 
business. In addition, the TLG Integration may result in additional or unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated 
benefits of the TLG Integration may not be fully realised, or may not be realised at all. Actual growth and cost 
savings, if achieved, may be lower than what the Issuer currently expects and may take longer to achieve than 
currently anticipated. If the Issuer is unable to adequately address integration challenges, Aroundtown may be 
unable to realise the anticipated benefits of the TLG Integration. 
The materialisation of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on Aroundtown’s business, net 
assets, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

--- Page 52 ---
52
The expected synergies in connection with the TLG Integration may not be fully realised, or at all, or take 
longer to realise and the actual synergies may be offset by higher than anticipated costs. 
The Issuer expects that the TLG takeover will result in various synergies and economies of scale. However, it 
cannot be excluded that the expected synergies and economies of scale will not be fully realised, realised at 
all, or take longer to realise. In addition, the costs required to achieve these synergies may be higher than 
anticipated. TLG’s portfolio could also develop differently than the Issuer currently expects. 
In particular, the Issuer cannot issue instructions to TLG’s management board and thus, cannot enforce the 
TLG Integration against the will of the management board of TLG (see above “The integration of TLG Group 
into Aroundtown may not be successful, may not proceed as planned, or may involve higher than anticipated 
or unexpected costs.”). 
Furthermore, goodwill has been recognised in connection with the TLG takeover. The goodwill is subject to 
regular impairment tests and may, if synergies turn out to be lower than expected, result in significant 
impairments that would have to be recognised as impairment expenses in the consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer. 
The materialisation of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on Aroundtown’s business, net 
assets, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Shareholders of TLG that have not accepted the TLG takeover offer may delay or prevent future measures 
enacted for the benefit of the TLG Integration. 
Under German law, the remaining minority shareholders of TLG have certain rights which may result in delays 
or disruptions of planned measures under corporate law with respect to TLG (e.g. a change of the legal form, 
a squeeze-out, the conclusion of a domination and profit and loss transfer agreement, or a merger). Minority 
shareholders may delay or even prevent such measures. Such delays or a failure to implement important 
measures as well as any legal disputes associated therewith may limit Aroundtown’s influence over TLG, limit 
the Issuer’s access to TLG’s cash flows, and delay or even prevent corporate measures enacted for the benefit 
of the TLG Integration. 
Further, the Issuer cannot issue instructions to TLG’s management board and thus, cannot enforce the TLG 
Integration against the will of the management board of TLG (see “The integration of TLG Group into 
Aroundtown may not be successful, may not proceed as planned, or may involve higher than anticipated or 
unexpected costs.”). 
RETT may be triggered in connection with the TLG takeover. 
The amendments brought by the reform of the German Real Estate Transfer Tax Act 
(Grunderwerbssteuergesetz, "GrEStG") led to the lowering of thresholds and the extension of assessment 
periods for the triggering of RETT and apply for all transactions realised after 30 June 2021. All transactions 
providing for the direct or indirect, legal or beneficial, transfer of at least 90% of the shares in a company with 
real estate in Germany, or where such transfer is agreed upon, are generally subject to RETT. In addition, 
where a company holds real estate located in Germany, RETT is also triggered if at least 90% of the shares in 
a capital company or interests in a partnership are directly or indirectly, legally or beneficially, transferred to 
new shareholders or partners within a period of ten years. As TLG owns the majority of its properties located 
in Germany directly, the TLG takeover could generally trigger substantial RETT, depending on any retroactive 
effect of the intended legislative amendment. 
In the course of the TLG takeover, the Issuer has agreed with an existing shareholder of TLG to continue to 
hold approximately 10.41% of the voting rights in TLG. Therefore, the Issuer expects that RETT in an amount 
of less than €1 million was triggered by the TLG takeover under the currently applicable legal provisions.

--- Page 53 ---
53
However, if such third party would not fulfill its contractual obligations or if the Issuer decided to acquire 
additional TLG Shares in the future, RETT may be substantially higher.  
If RETT is triggered, the relevant liability is generally calculated on the basis of the value of the consideration 
for the relevant transaction, multiplied by the applicable tax rate. Such RETT rates range from 3.5% to 6.5%, 
depending on the German federal state (Bundesland) where the relevant property is located.  
Any substantial amount of RETT triggered in connection with the TLG takeover that is above the Issuer’s 
expectations could have material adverse effects on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Aroundtown's business is subject to the general legal environment primarily in Germany, the Netherlands 
and other European countries in which Aroundtown’s portfolio is located, in particular in the UK, any of 
which may change to Aroundtown's detriment. 
Aroundtown's business is subject to the overall legal framework applicable to real estate primarily in Germany, 
the Netherlands and other European countries in which Aroundtown’s portfolio is located, in particular in the 
UK. This framework includes a variety of laws and regulations, including civil, corporate, tax, planning, 
zoning, environmental, health and safety and other laws, regulations and/or requirements, as well as specific 
laws in the regions where Aroundtown’s and GCP’s properties are located, such as German and Dutch tenancy 
laws, and special provisions under other laws, including construction laws, historic preservation laws, social 
legislation, real estate taxation and other public laws. Aroundtown may be required to pay penalties and/or 
lose required permits or licenses for non-compliance with any such laws, regulations and/or other requirements 
of local, regional and national authorities to which it is subject, as well as the authorities of the EU. Any 
changes to German, Dutch, English, European or other laws applicable to Aroundtown’s and/or GCP’s 
properties, including changes with retrospective effect, or changes in the interpretation or application of 
existing laws may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of 
operations, net profits and prospects of Aroundtown. 
In addition, the Issuer is established in Luxembourg and conducts its business through companies that are 
located in a number of jurisdictions, including Cyprus, Germany, the UK, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. 
Certain members of Aroundtown may be formed, incorporated or registered in jurisdictions where 
Aroundtown does not, or does not yet, hold property. Any change in the legal, tax or regulatory environments 
in any of these jurisdictions, including changes with retrospective effect, or changes in the interpretation or 
application of existing laws could have a material adverse effect on the net assets, cash flows, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of Aroundtown. 
Although Aroundtown takes steps to keep itself informed of potential changes to the legal, tax and regulatory 
environments in which it operates and where entities are formed, incorporated or registered, there is no 
guarantee that Aroundtown will become aware of such changes in a timely fashion. Any such changes or any 
misjudgement, miscalculation, failure or inability of Aroundtown to react to such changes may have a material 
adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Through its interest in GCP, Aroundtown is exposed to tenant protection laws primarily for residential real 
estate in Germany. These laws limit among other things the ability of GCP to evict tenants, the levels of rent 
increases and the ability to pass on modernisation costs. Moreover, further regulatory developments are 
likely. 
Aroundtown is subject to tenant protection laws in Germany primarily through its interest in GCP, which 
mainly holds residential real estate. In Germany, the landlord-tenant relationship is subject to a significant 
level of statutory regulation which generally provides far-reaching economic and social protections for tenants 
under residential leases. For example, landlords may only terminate residential lease agreements if there is a

--- Page 54 ---
54
legitimate interest in doing so. These laws may limit, in some cases substantially, GCP’s ability to engage in 
certain actions with respect to its properties, including without limitation with respect to the eviction of tenants, 
levels of rent increases and the ability to pass on modernisation costs. These laws may change in the future, 
and any such changes may in turn adversely affect the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, 
results of operations, net profits and prospects of Aroundtown. 
As a rule, the rent for residential units cannot be increased by more than 20% in “relaxed” markets and by 
more than 15% in “dense” markets in a period over three years. A graduated rent (Staffelmiete) or an index-
linked rent (Indexmiete) is only permissible within certain limits and is generally unusual in residential leases. 
Thus, if the tenant is not willing to amend the lease agreement accordingly, German law allows the landlord 
to unilaterally increase the rent: 
(i) to the level of the locally prevailing comparative rent (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete), which in many 
municipalities is determined by a local rent index (Mietspiegel) which is regularly published and 
updated. Since 1 January 2024, in all municipalities with more than 50,000 residents, qualified rent 
indices are binding for both new lettings and rent increases. Aroundtown as landlord cannot generate 
rent exceeding the local comparative rent and must adjust rent claims in line with the rent indices; or 
(ii) to compensate for certain modernising construction measures like work that (A) sustainably saves 
energy (energy modernisation), (B) sustainably reduces water consumption, (C) sustainably increases 
the value in use of the rented premises or (D) impoves general living conditions in the long term. 
Concerning modernisation measures, the landlord shall only be entitled to allocate costs by way of an 
increase of the annual rent in the amount of 8% of the modernisation costs accrued and only to a 
maximum of €3.00 per square metre over a period of six years, or €2.00 per square metre for contracts 
where the rent is below €7.00 per square metre prior to the announcement of the modernisation. This 
does not apply if the tenant can prove that the rent increase would mean unreasonable hardship. 
Following the announcement of a rent increase, the tenant may have an extraordinary termination 
right. 
If landlords install a new heating system that complies with the new regulations of the Building Energy Act
(Gebäudeenergiegesetz), they have the option of passing on up to 10% of the modernisation costs to tenants 
but must deduct any state subsidies received from this sum. If no subsidies are utilised, the apportionment is 
limited to 8%. In both cases, the rent may only increase by a maximum of €0.50 per sqm per month after the 
heating system has been replaced. 
Additionally, in municipalities in which the supply of affordable housing is determined to be threatened, the 
rental price for new or re-rentals is limited to a maximum of 10% above the higher of the locally prevailing 
comparative rent level or the previous tenant's rent by 2025 (Mietpreisbremse). Landlords can even be required 
to pay back overpaid rent. Aroundtown is therefore subject to the risk of having to pay back rent in case of a 
violation of legal restrictions. Exceptions shall, however, be made where: (i) the last rent owed is already 
higher than the rent allowed under the Mietpreisbremse, (ii) the landlord has carried out modernisation 
measures in the last 3 years prior to commencement of the lease, or (iii) if the dwelling was first used and 
rented later than 1 October 2024 (Neubau). 
Furthermore, 
in 
2021, 
the 
German 
Telecommunications 
Modernisation 
Act 
(Telekommunikationsmodernisierungsgesetz) came into effect, replacing the German Telecommunications 
Act (Telekommunikationsgesetz) and abolishing the possibility of landlords to pass on the costs for providing 
cable television as part of ancillary costs billing (Nebenkostenprivileg). As of July 2024, this will also apply 
to existing cable television installations which were provided prior to 1 December 2021. This could have a 
negative impact on Aoundtown, resulting in higher operational costs. 
In addition, residential real estate in Germany continues to be a highly sensitive political topic and further 
regulatory developments in this area are likely, in particular with respect to restrictions to increase the rent and 
pass on modernisation costs and several legislative proposals are currently being discussed. Changes to the

--- Page 55 ---
55
legal framework at the level of the European Union or in Germany, the Netherlands and the UK could have a 
further negative impact on Aroundtown’s ability to implement rent increases. It is, however, impossible to 
predict whether and to what extent such changes of law will indeed be implemented.
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the values of the shares in GCP and thus 
could negatively impact Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of 
operations. 
The business activities of the Group are dependent on the general legal framework in Germany. Any adverse 
change in the legal framework, such as binding regulations on environmental modernisation measures or 
restrictions on modernisation possibilities, could have an adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group's business is dependent on the general legal framework applicable to residential real estate, such as 
tenancy laws, as well as on special provisions of other laws, such as social, building and monument protection 
law.In the case of maintenance or refurbishment of heritage listed buildings (Gebäude unter Denkmalschutz), 
the need to comply with these provisions could lead to significant delays in the maintenance or refurbishment 
process due to conflicts of interest with heritage conservation, or to Aroundtown being unable to carry out 
certain refurbishment and maintenance measures. In addition, the costs for the specific projects could increase 
significantly. These factors could also have a negative impact on the Group's ability to sell or rent the properties 
in question or to use them as collateral for financing. 
In September 2023, the German legislator amended the Building Energy Act to initiate the change to climate-
friendly heating systems and thus reduce dependence on fossil fuels. The aim of the the Building Energy Act 
is to ensure that in future new heating systems will only be installed if they generate at least 65% of the heat 
provided using renewable energies. The requirements under the Building Energy Act for renewable heating 
have been in force since 1 January 2024 and the use of fossil fuels for heating in buildings is supposed to be 
phased out by 2045. From this date at the latest, all heating systems must be powered entirely by renewable 
energies. As a result, Aroundtown may be faced with higher modernisation costs due to the need to replace 
heating systems in its existing properties. 
The Group is subject to recent efforts in Germany, in particular in Berlin, to expropriate privately held 
residential real estate units, such as those held by GCP. 
On 26 September 2021, a referendum (Volksentscheid) in Berlin was held that ultimately aimed at legislation 
to expropriate certain residential real estate units owned by large private real estate companies that own more 
than 3,000 residential real estate units in Berlin on the basis of Article 15 of the German Federal Constitution 
(Grundgesetz). The referendum was successful as approximately 59% of Berlin's eligible votes were cast in 
favour of the referendum. With ownership of more than 3,000 residential real estate units, GCP would fall 
within the scope of the referendum. The compensation that owners subject to the expropriation should receive 
as set forth in the referendum shall be set far below market value. The referendum has no binding effect and 
will in addition require Berlin’s parliament to implement the relevant legislation, which, if enacted, would 
probably be challenged in extensive and lengthy court proceedings. The government of Berlin established a 
commission to examine the options and conditions for implementing a new law that reflects the result of the 
referendum. In its final report, presented at the end of June 2023, the expert commission concluded that the 
socialization of privately owned housing companies is legally possible. 
While three expert opinions commissioned by the Berlin Senate Department for Urban Development and 
Housing have concluded that the transfer of real estate companies to public ownership may, in principle, be 
possible under Article 15 of the German Federal Constitution, other renowned experts have concluded that 
such a law would be unconstitutional. Following the publication of the final report at the end of June 2023, the 
state government of Berlin (Senat) announced that it would prepare a draft of a framework law on the 
socialization of housing companies. However, this draft law will not come into force until two years after its 
adoption and it will need to be be reviewed by the German Federal Constitutional Court

--- Page 56 ---
56
(Bundesverfassungsgericht) in advance. Due to the long time until a potential entry into force, the citizens' 
initiative has announced a second referendum, which this time would include a specific legislative proposal. 
If a law on the socialization of large housing companies is passed in accordance with the referendum, there is 
a high probability that it will be challenged in court proceedings. However, given the application of the 
proposed legislation to Berlin, GCP, with approximately 23% of its portfolio by value located in Berlin as of 
31 December 2023, would be materially adversely affected by such potential legislation. Any compensation 
below market value would materially increase GCP’s leverage position and expropriations generally would 
jeopardise the continuation of GCP’s business model in the Berlin residential market. This would likely 
negatively impact GCP and thus could negatively impact Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown's tenants in Germany could attempt to prematurely terminate their lease agreements based on 
strict formal requirements under German law for long-term leases which could lead to a reduction or loss 
of rental income. In the Netherlands, Aroundtown’s flexibility with respect to lease terms for certain 
commercial properties is limited. 
Real estate owned by Aroundtown is leased predominantly on a long-term basis. Pursuant to German law, 
long-term lease agreements with a fixed term or a waiver of termination of at least one year can be terminated 
prior to their contractually agreed expiration date if certain formal requirements are not complied with. These 
include the requirement that there is a document that contains all the material terms of the lease agreement, 
including all attachments and amendments, and is signed by both parties. Although the details of the applicable 
formal requirements are assessed differently by various German courts, most courts and legal commentators 
agree that such requirements are, in principle, to be interpreted strictly. Some of the lease agreements in relation 
to Aroundtown’s properties may not satisfy these requirements. Consequently, some of Aroundtown's tenants 
might attempt to invoke alleged non-compliance with these formal requirements (or other requirements to be 
met by a landlord) in order to procure an early termination of their lease or force a favourable renegotiation of 
the terms of their lease, to the detriment of Aroundtown. 
Further, laws in certain jurisdictions may grant some tenants a periodic right to terminate a lease before it 
expires, which may affect, among other things, occupancy rates and rent levels in Aroundtown’s property 
portfolio. 
In the Netherlands, the lease of retail and hotel property is subject to certain mandatory laws regarding tenant 
protection. As a rule, the lease of retail property requires an initial lease period of at least five years, with an 
automatic extension of up to ten years in total. There are only limited possibilities for the landlord to terminate 
the lease after the first five years. Retail leases for a period of two years or shorter are excluded from this rule 
and therefore these leases can be terminated upon expiration of their initial term by the tenant and/or the 
landlord. The applicability of this legal regime limits the ability of Aroundtown to terminate leases and 
adversely affects Aroundtown's flexibility to terminate, extend or amend retail lease agreements. 
Premature loss of tenants and the ensuing loss of rental income, (potential) disputes with tenants, a failure to 
renew lease agreements at all or on favourable conditions, and uncertainties regarding the validity of long-
term lease agreements could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown is exposed to the risks of ground leases or leasehold agreements primarily in Germany and the 
Netherlands as well as other European countries in which Aroundtown’s portfolio is located, in particular in 
the UK. 
Certain of Aroundtown’s properties in Germany and the Netherlands are located on lots that are subject to 
ground leases and even in the UK some properties are held as leaseholds on the basis of long-term usage rights. 
In general, financing and sales in connection with properties located on ground leases are more difficult due 
to the restrictions typically found in ground leases, and the conditions of the ground lease agreements, such as

--- Page 57 ---
57
their terms and payment obligations, are key parameters that impact the value of these properties. The ground 
lease agreements may contain provisions leading to the exceptional result of the loss of the ground leased 
property if Aroundtown is in material breach of the ground lease agreement. Furthermore, Aroundtown may 
face changes in the terms and conditions of the ground lease agreements, for example, with respect to payment 
obligations to the owner of the land. Unfavourable changes to the ground lease agreements or relevant 
regulations may limit Aroundtown's ability to sell or refinance a property which is subject to a ground lease, 
and may thereby decrease its value, or require Aroundtown to write down the asset value as recorded on 
Aroundtown's consolidated balance sheet. Similar risks exist with regard to land held as leasehold. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown may be forced to repay certain subsidies. 
TLG and its subsidiaries have in the past received investment supplements (Investitionszulagen), investment 
subsidies (Investitionszuschüsse) and other public grants with unexpired commitment periods 
(Bindungsfristen). The administrative decisions based on which these subsidies were granted impose certain 
obligations on these tenants. Failure to comply with such obligations or an insolvency of the relevant tenant 
or other factors could lead to a revocation of subsidies and force Aroundtown to repay the subsidies, even 
where it may not be able to take recourse against its tenants. In addition, TLG and its subsidiaries had received 
subsidies relating to properties in its portfolio as of that date where there were no commitment periods or where 
commitment periods had already expired. The authorities granting such subsidies could demand repayment of 
such subsidies if they were to decide that TLG or its tenants have violated certain obligations or due to other 
reasons. Furthermore, TLG has sold a number of properties for which it had received subsidies in the past and 
TLG could be forced to repay these subsidies if the purchaser of the respective property does not qualify for 
such subsidies or violated obligations under the administrative decisions granting these subsidies. While TLG 
may have obtained contractual indemnities against the respective purchaser, it may be unable to actually take 
recourse against it (e.g., due to insolvency of such purchaser). In addition, TLG has received subsidies for 
development measures, which also impose certain obligations. In the event of a breach of these obligations, 
Aroundtown may be forced to repay these subsidies. Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse 
effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The risk management and compliance systems of Aroundtown may prove to be partially or completely 
insufficient or fail, and unknown, unrecognised, underestimated, or unexpected risks may materialise, any of 
which could lead to government investigations and significant reputation, financial or other consequences. 
Aroundtown may fail to adequately account for potential liabilities or risk exposures. 
Aroundtown has put in place risk management and compliance systems that it believes are suitable to its 
business, and Aroundtown continues to develop and update its risk management and compliance systems in 
order to monitor market risk, liquidity and financial risk, operational risk, organisational risk and the risk of 
reputational damage. There is no guarantee, however, that Aroundtown's risk management or compliance 
systems are in fact sufficient to manage the risks faced by Aroundtown. Aroundtown may be faced with risks 
that were previously unknown, unrecognised, underestimated, or unconsidered, and its risk management or 
compliance systems may function incorrectly or fail. Inappropriate risk management or compliance measures 
may cause irregularities leading to, among other things, cash losses or delays in completion of development 
projects, or official investigations or third-party claims against Aroundtown, which in turn could have 
significant financial, reputational and other consequences. 
Aroundtown books provisions for potential liabilities such as tax liabilities, litigation exposure and bad debt. 
These provisions are based on management's assumptions, estimates and judgements, and there is no guarantee 
that the provisions taken by Aroundtown will adequately account for Aroundtown's actual liabilities. Failure 
to take adequate provisions against potential liabilities could have significant financial consequences for the 
Issuer or Aroundtown.

--- Page 58 ---
58
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown's use of standardised documents, clauses and agreements could lead to additional legal risks. 
Aroundtown maintains legal relationships with a large number of persons, primarily tenants as well as 
employees of Aroundtown. In this context, Aroundtown frequently uses standardised documents, clauses and 
agreements. If such documents, clauses, or agreements are found to be invalid, in whole or in part, statutory 
provisions or judicial interpretations which are unfavourable to Aroundtown may be substituted for such 
documents, clauses or agreements, which may in turn affect a large number of the documents, clauses and 
agreements used by Aroundtown. It is impossible to fully protect Aroundtown against risks from the use of 
such standardised documents, clauses, and agreements due to the frequent changes to the legal frameworks, 
particularly court decisions relating to general terms and conditions of business, also as courts tend to adopt 
rather tenant-friendly decisions. 
Standardised terms under German law are required to comply with the statutory law on general terms and 
conditions (Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen), which means that they are subject to fairness control by the 
courts regarding their content and the manner in which these are presented to the other contractual party by 
Aroundtown. As a general rule, standardised terms are invalid if they are not transparent, not clearly worded, 
or unbalanced or discriminatory. Any standardised clauses in Aroundtown’s contracts being deemed invalid 
could lead to a substantial number of claims being brought against Aroundtown or Aroundtown being forced 
to bear costs which it had previously considered to be allocable to its contractual counterparties. In addition, 
clauses which are not standardised may also be invalid, which could have a material adverse effect on 
Aroundtown (e.g., if due to such invalid clauses, a key tenant could exercise an extraordinary termination 
right). 
The German Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof) has ruled that certain standard clauses in letting 
contracts are invalid if they oblige the parties (including potential future parties) to re-establish the written 
form of a lease agreement (Schriftformheilung), if they oblige the tenant to carry out cosmetic repairs 
(Schönheitsreparaturen) within a fixed schedule or to fully renovate the apartment at the end of the letting 
term (Endrenovierung), or if they provide for compensation regarding ratios (Quotenabgeltung). The invalidity 
of such clauses results in the landlord being responsible for the repair and maintenance and being required to 
bear all related costs. If the tenant carries out such repair and maintenance works without actually being obliged 
to do so, the landlord might be required to compensate the tenant for the corresponding costs. Even in the case 
of agreements prepared on the basis of legal advice, it is impossible for Aroundtown to fully avoid problems 
of this nature, because changes could occur in the legal framework, particularly as a result of case laws, making 
it impossible for Aroundtown to avoid ensuing legal disadvantages. Although these rulings were originally 
applied only to residential real estate, additional court rulings have extended them to commercial real estate. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown may be subject to restitution or compensation claims if any of its properties were unlawfully 
expropriated, and this could delay or prevent the transfer of such properties in case of a sale. 
According to the German Act on Unsettled Property Issues (Gesetz zur Regelung offener Vermögensfragen), 
persons who were expropriated of property within the former German Democratic Republic ("GDR") can 
claim restitution or compensation under certain conditions, in particular, if the property was seized without 
compensation or less compensation than to which citizens of the GDR were entitled. The German Act on 
Unsettled Property Issues is also applicable to persons who lost property due to racist, political, religious, or 
ideological reasons between 1933 and 1945. Although the notification deadline under the German Act of 
Unsettled Property Issues, subject to certain exemptions, expired at the end of 1992, the aforementioned 
restitution and compensation claims cannot be entirely excluded.

--- Page 59 ---
59
In particular, Aroundtown’s subsidiary, TLG has been and may in the future be subject to third-party claims 
in connection with restitution and compensation claims. Due to its history as a government agency holding 
real estate assets, it generally needs to obtain approval from the competent authorities prior to disposing of any 
properties it has not purchased itself unless certain exemptions apply. Therefore, restitution claims may 
adversely impact Aroundtown’s ability to dispose certain of its properties. 
If any such claims were asserted in respect of any properties owned by Aroundtown, Aroundtown would be 
severely limited in its ability to manage such properties and may even be forced to transfer such properties to 
successful claimants for very limited compensation. Any such limitations or compulsory transfers of properties 
could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and 
results of operations. 
Entities of Aroundtown may be subject to litigation, administrative proceedings and similar claims. 
Entities of Aroundtown have been and will likely continue to be subject to commercial and other litigation as 
well as administrative and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of business. These proceedings, even 
for routine matters, can be lengthy and expensive and involve substantial resources at Aroundtown. In addition, 
larger or unexpected proceedings may distract or delay management from implementing Aroundtown’s 
business strategy. 
Following the completion of the voluntary public takeover offer for all shares of WCM AG, TLG as controlling 
entity and WCM AG as controlled entity entered into a domination agreement in October 2017 (the "WCM 
Domination Agreement") which became effective in February 2018. The WCM Domination Agreement 
provides for a certain annual cash guarantee dividend per share to be paid to outside shareholders of WCM 
AG and a compensation in kind in the form of an offer to exchange a certain number of shares in WCM AG 
against a certain number of shares in TLG should any such outside shareholder want to exit WCM AG. 83 
petitioners have initiated an appraisal proceeding before the regional court of Frankfurt am Main against TLG 
challenging the appropriateness of the guaranteed dividend and compensation stipulated in the WCM 
Domination Agreement. The regional court has dismissed all of the aforementioned claims and the appeal by 
the plaintiffs to the higher regional court of Frankfurt am Main has been rejected. An appeal to the Federal 
Court of Justice was rejected by a decision dated 21 February 2023.  
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Aroundtown could incur liability or be subject to liability claims in connection with its properties, interests 
in companies or other assets that it sells. 
Aroundtown has sold a large number of properties and, in addition to sales from its portfolio, plans to continue 
to do so in the course of its development activities. In connection with such sales, when Aroundtown sells 
properties or interests in companies, it is typically required to make representations, warranties, covenants and 
negative declarations of knowledge to the relevant purchaser with respect to certain characteristics of such 
sold property, interest or asset, and is subject to a legal liability regime. The resulting obligations of 
Aroundtown may continue to exist for a number of years after Aroundtown sells such properties, interests or 
assets. Among other things, Aroundtown could be subject to claims for damages from purchasers who assert 
that the representations or warranties that Aroundtown made to them were untrue, or that Aroundtown failed 
to meet its obligations under the relevant sale agreement. Aroundtown could become involved in lengthy and 
expensive legal disputes with purchasers and could be required to make significant payments for restitution, 
damages or to settle disputes. 
Claims relating to defects in a property, in particular those affecting Aroundtown’s project developments, may 
give rise to contractual or other liability vis-à-vis the purchasers of these properties, who may bring such claims 
even several years after completion or hand-over of the relevant property, in particular if defects remained 
hidden when the property was handed over. Aroundtown may be required to make payments to the purchasers

--- Page 60 ---
60
following legal disputes or litigation. If Aroundtown has provided warranties to third parties in connection 
with modernisation or maintenance measures and claims are asserted against Aroundtown because of defects, 
it is not always certain that Aroundtown will have recourse against the companies that performed the work if 
Aroundtown’s own claims have expired, or such third parties are no longer solvent. 
As a seller of properties, Aroundtown may also be liable to tenants for breaches of tenancy agreements by the 
purchaser under certain circumstances, even where Aroundtown no longer has any control over the property. 
Moreover, Aroundtown continues to be exposed to claims for breach of contract even if the purchaser resells 
the property and the subsequent purchaser breaches a tenancy agreement. If, however, Aroundtown notifies 
the tenant of the change in ownership and the tenant fails to avail itself of the opportunity to terminate the 
tenancy agreement at the earliest permitted termination date, Aroundtown is, in general, released from any 
liability. As a rule, when selling properties, Aroundtown informs all tenants in writing of the change in landlord 
either alone or together with the purchaser. However, such release from liability does not apply to security 
deposits (Mietkaution) provided by tenants. If the tenant does not receive its security deposit from the 
purchaser of the property, the liability to repay such security deposit remains with the seller. 
Legal or settlement costs, including the costs of defending lawsuits, whether justified or not, as well as potential 
damages associated with liability for properties that Aroundtown has sold, as well as any of the foregoing 
factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow 
and results of operations. 
Aroundtown is exposed to risks from possible violation of data protection regulations. 
On 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") came into force in all European member 
states imposing substantial changes to the regulatory landscape of data privacy. The intended aim of the GDPR 
is to protect all EU citizens and residents from privacy and data breaches. The GDPR applies to all businesses 
processing personal data of data subjects residing in the EU, regardless of the business location. While 
Aroundtown primarily deals with data referring to other businesses (i.e., its commercial tenants), GCP, in 
particular with more than 60,000 residential units, has a significant volume of personal data-related obligations 
under the GDPR. Aroundtown and GCP have put in place substantial organisational procedures as part of their 
compliance systems to address the newly introduced privacy and data protection matters under the GDPR, 
including certain data protection agreements with its subsidiaries. However, GDPR regulations are complex, 
and the amount of data controlled or processed by Aroundtown and GCP is substantial. There is no guarantee 
that Aroundtown's or GCP’s compliance systems are in fact sufficient to manage GDPR-related risks. Should 
Aroundtown or GCP be found in breach of material provisions of the GDPR, substantial fines of up to 4% of 
annual global turnover or €20 million (whichever is greater) may be imposed. In addition to monetary damages 
that Aroundtown or GCP may incur, breaches of the GDPR could also trigger significant reputational damage 
that in turn could result in a lack of trust by existing or future tenants which would adversely impact future 
rental income. 
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The introduction of a CO2 levy in Germany may have a negative effect on the Group. 
As part of its Climate Action Programme 2030, the German federal government has introduced a fixed price 
for carbon dioxide emissions in the transport and real estate sectors as from January 2021. The price per metric 
ton of carbon dioxide emitted as heating or fuel emissions (CO2 and CO2 levy) was set at an initial price of 
€25.00 per metric ton of carbon dioxide and will, based on the current regime, gradually increase to €45.00 
per metric ton until 2025. For 2026, a price corridor with a minimum price of €55.00 per metric ton and a 
maximum price of €65.00 per metric ton is set. Until the end of 2022, this levy could be passed on to the tenant

--- Page 61 ---
61
in full as part of the operating costs. In addition, the energy price brake expired, which is why VAT on gas 
returned to the original percentage rate of 19 per cent. from 1 January 2024.  
On 10 November 2022, the Carbon Dioxide Cost Sharing Act (Kohlenstoffdioxidkostenaufteilungsgesetz - 
CO2KostAufG) was passed by the German Parliament (Bundestag). The Carbon Dioxide Cost Sharing Act 
came into force on 1 January 2023 and applies to all billing periods beginning on or after that date. According 
to Carbon Dioxide Cost Sharing Act, the landlord is obliged to bear part of the CO2 costs. For residential 
buildings, a 10-step tiered model was introduced that splits the CO2 costs based on the energy quality of the 
building. For residential buildings with a particularly poor energy balance (>=52 kg CO2/m2/a), landlords 
shall bear 95% and tenants 5% of the CO2 costs. However, if the building has a very efficient standard (below 
12 kg CO2/m²/a), landlords do not have to bear any CO2 costs. However, the stock of non-residential buildings 
and uses is very heterogeneous.  
Currently, the necessary statistical data is lacking to develop a broadly practical and user-friendly model. 
Therefore, for non-residential buildings, for a limited period of time the CO2 costs shall be divided equally 
between tenant and landlord. Provisions in contracts that oblige the tenant to bear more than 50% of the costs 
shall be invalid. The law further provides that by the end of 2024, the necessary data basis for the development 
of a graduated model for non-residential buildings has to be developed. As soon as the necessary data will be 
available, a tiered model for non-residential buildings will be added to the Carbon Dioxide Cost Sharing Act. 
Furthermore, there is a particular rule for the allocation of CO2 costs if the building is used half for residential 
and half for non-residential purposes. In this case, the allocation regime for residential buildings is to be applied 
to the portion used for residential purposes and the allocation regime for non-residential buildings is to be 
applied to the other half. Shifting some or all of the relevant CO2 costs to landlords will most likely have a 
significant negative effect on GCP and Aroundtown’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash and results 
of operations. 
Tax Risks 
Reform of German property tax 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, a fundamental reform of the German property tax (Grundsteuer) is 
ongoing based on guidelines from the German Federal Constitutional Court, which has found the existing 
system to be in violation of constitutional law. On 18 October 2019, the German national parliament resolved 
a reform bill. This bill was adopted by the German Bundesrat in November 2019 and will enter into force in 
2025. The exact method of calculating the tax can will be determined by the federal states, which can either 
use the existing standard model from the above-mentioned reform bill or develop their own specific method. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, German property tax can be passed on to tenants as part of ancillary 
costs billing (Nebenkostenabrechnung). However, there are proposals from opposition parties to forbid such 
passing on of property tax. If Aroundtown is prohibited from passing on property tax to its tenants, this could 
have a material negative impact on Aroundtown. 
The Group is subject to the tax environment in Luxembourg, Cyprus, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK 
and the other portfolio regions. The Group's tax burden may increase as a consequence of current or future 
tax assessments, tax audits or court proceedings based on changes in tax laws or changes in the application 
or interpretation thereof. 
The Group is subject to the tax environment in Luxembourg, Cyprus, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and 
the other portfolio regions. The Group's tax burden depends on various aspects of tax laws, as well as their 
application and interpretation. Amendments to tax laws may have a retroactive effect, and the application or 
interpretation of tax laws by tax authorities or courts may change. Furthermore, court decisions are 
occasionally limited to their specific facts by tax authorities. Any of these developments may increase or alter 
the Group's tax burden.

--- Page 62 ---
62
A number of factors may also impact the Group's tax situation. The Group is required to file tax declarations 
in Luxembourg, Cyprus, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and the other portfolio regions, and any tax 
assessments that deviate from the Group's tax declarations may increase or alter the Group's tax obligations. 
The members of the Group are regularly subject to tax audits by the competent tax authorities which may result 
in increases in the Group's tax obligations or penalties and fines. The Group may also be subject to 
administrative or judicial proceedings with respect to its tax declarations, and may incur substantial time and 
effort in addressing and resolving tax issues. 
Changes in the structure of the Group may result in a complete forfeiture of loss and interest carry-forwards if 
directly and/or indirectly more than 50% (full forfeiture) of shares in a respective company are transferred to 
another shareholder. As the Issuer’s shares are listed on a stock exchange, it cannot be fully excluded that 
relevant indirect transfers are incurred by trading shares in the Issuer. Exemptions from this general rule are 
available for specific forms of group restructurings and to the extent that losses of a company are covered by 
hidden reserves, which is the case for most of the German subsidiaries of the Group. Group restructurings may 
also become relevant in regard of RETT. 
On 14 July 2023, the German Federal Ministry of Finance, published a proposal for an act on strengthening 
growth opportunities, investment and innovation as well as tax simplification and tax fairness (Entwurf eines 
Gesetzes zur Stärkung von Wachstumschancen, Investitionen und Innovation sowie Steuervereinfachung und 
Steuerfairness – Wachstumschancengesetz, "Draft Growth Opportunities Act"). 
The Draft Growth Opportunities Act provides, inter alia, that for purposes of the EUR 3m threshold amount 
under the interest barrier rules (Zinsschranke) within the meaning of section 4h para. 2 of the German Income 
tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz), up to which the net interest expenses of a business are tax deductible without 
limitation under the interest barrier rules, legally separate but similar businesses are deemed to be one single 
business, provided that the similar businesses are under joint control of a single person or the same group of 
persons. It can therefore not be excluded that, going forward, the EUR 3m threshold amount under the interest 
barrier rules is only available once for all German subsidiaries of the Group together, because the German 
subsidiaries of the Group are deemed to qualify as one single business for purposes of the EUR 3m threshold 
amount. 
This would significantly reduce the tax deductibility of interest expenses at the level of the German subsidiaries 
of the Group and may therefore significantly increase their German corporate income tax and trade tax burden 
accordingly. 
As a result of the Draft Growth Opportunities Act, the tax deductibility of interest expenses under group 
internal financings may further be limited for German tax purposes at the level of the German subsidiaries of 
the Group through the introduction of a new so-called interest rate level barrier (Zinshöhenschranke). Pursuant 
to such new rule, interest expenses, which are paid under a group-internal financing to a related party within 
the meaning of section 1 paragraph 2 of the German Foreign Tax Act (Außensteuergesetz), are only tax 
deductible, provided that the applicable interest rate under the group-internal financing is not greater than 2 
percentage points above the base interest rate (Basiszins), unless it can be proven that the related party and the 
ultimate parent would only be able to take up the relevant funds under similar circumstances at a higher interest 
rate, in which case such higher interest rate shall apply. The limitation on the tax deductibility of interest 
expenses under the interest rate level barrier shall not apply if the interest is paid to an entity, which is engaged 
in substantial commercial activity (wesentliche wirtschaftliche Tätigkeit) in the jurisdiction, in which it has its 
statutory seat or effective place of management. 
The Draft Growth Opportunities Act could therefore adversely affect the business of the Group in Germany in 
the future.  
In addition, further changes in tax legislation (such as the Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 14 December 
2022 on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational enterprise groups and large-scale 
domestic groups in the Union implementing OECD global minimum taxation rules (Pillar 2) that took effect

--- Page 63 ---
63
in January 2024), administrative practice or case law, which are possible at any time and may occur on short 
notice, could have adverse tax consequences for the Group. The applicable tax rates, for example with respect 
to property tax, property transfer tax or capital gains tax, may also change rapidly and with short notice. The 
municipalities in which the German properties of the Group are located could, for example, increase the land 
tax (Grundsteuer) applicable to the relevant properties. Recent changes in RETT may also negatively affect 
the value of the Group portfolio. Additionally, changes could be made to the ability to depreciate owned real 
estate. Any of these changes may have an adverse effect on the attractiveness of commercial and residential 
real estate. Despite a general principle prohibiting retroactive application, amendments to applicable laws, 
orders and regulations can have retroactive effect. Furthermore, divergent statutory interpretations by the tax 
authorities or the courts are possible. Any changes to the Luxembourg, Cyprus, German, Dutch or British tax 
regimes, or to the tax regimes in the other portfolio regions, may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The structure of the Group is influenced by the general tax environment in Cyprus, Germany, the 
Netherlands, the UK, Luxembourg and the other portfolio regions, and changes in the tax environment in 
these countries may increase the tax burden of the Group. 
In addition to the Issuer, which is established in Luxembourg, Aroundtown consists of approximately 2,400 
companies. These companies have registered offices primarily in Germany, Cyprus, the Netherlands, the UK 
and Luxembourg. The companies in the Group are subject to the tax laws of their jurisdictions of registration 
and the jurisdictions where they conduct business. Most of the Group's German property companies are held 
through Cypriot subsidiaries which themselves are held by one of the Issuer's aforementioned subsidiaries or 
investees. GCP has its registered office in Luxembourg. 
Thus, the structure of the Group provides for various tax aspects, including cross-border taxation issues 
governed by double-tax treaties between Cyprus, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and Luxembourg. It 
cannot be excluded that tax authorities in Cyprus, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK or Luxembourg disagree 
on the tax assessment of the Group which could lead to additional tax burdens for the Group in any of these 
countries. Also, the tax laws in any of these jurisdictions or double-tax treaties between these countries might 
change in the future, even with retroactive effect, which could cause additional tax burdens for the Group.  
For Dutch corporate income tax purposes, real estate may be depreciated only for as long as the tax book value 
does not fall below the 'threshold value'. This threshold value of properties that are held as portfolio investment 
equals the value provided in the Law on Valuation of Real Estate (Wet Waardering Onroerende Zaken or 
"WOZ"), known as the WOZ value. Although the WOZ value is meant to approximate the fair market value 
of the real estate property, in practice there may be a significant difference between the WOZ value and the 
actual fair market value. The WOZ value is determined annually by the municipality where the property is 
situated. If the threshold value increases, tax depreciation that had been previously claimed, is not recaptured. 
Upon the disposal of real estate and under strict conditions, a company may apply for a reinvestment reserve 
provided that the taxpayer has a clear intention of replacing the disposed business assets with business assets 
that perform a similar function within the enterprise. Under the reinvestment reserve provisions, the tax book 
profit arising from the disposal of real estate may technically be carried forward and offset against the 
acquisition cost of a reinvestment asset. The reinvestment reserve only applies for qualifying business assets 
used in an enterprise (i.e., no shares, portfolio assets or inventory). 
The occurrence of any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits, reputation and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to RETT and value added taxes. 
Each acquisition of a share or a beneficial interest (wirtschaftliche Beteiligung) of at least 90% in a company, 
either (wholly or partially) directly or (wholly or partially) indirectly, owning real estate in Germany is subject 
to RETT.

--- Page 64 ---
64
Increases in the applicable RETT rates for the properties in the Group portfolio could negatively impact the 
Group portfolio by, among other things, reducing the value of and the proceeds from a sale of the affected 
properties or by reducing purchase demand for the affected properties or by reducing the valuation of the 
affected properties in the Group portfolio.  
The Group currently holds real estate in Germany and shares in companies which own real estate in Germany. 
In Germany, until 30 June 2021, the direct or indirect transfer of real estate or of a 95% or greater 
interest/shareholding in a company that owned real estate triggered a potential liability for RETT. In those 
cases, the RETT generally amounts to the sum of the values for RETT purposes according to the German 
Valuation Act (Bewertungsgesetz) multiplied by the tax rate, as applicable. For the tax bases being relevant 
for share unifications or other transactions pursuant to section 1 paras. 2a to 3a GrEStG (as defined below), 
the RETT law refers to the relevant values for inheritance tax purposes. In Germany, the legal framework of 
RETT is provided for in the GrEStG. At the level of the German federal states, the RETT rate varies with each 
federal state, currently within a range of 3.5% to 6.5%.  
Since 1 July 2021. The key aspect of the amended GrEStG is the tightening up of so-called ‘share deals’. These 
are real estate transactions in which shares in a real estate holding company are sold rather than the real estate 
itself.  As of 1 July 2021, the threshold for triggering RETT was lowered to 90%, which means that the seller 
has to keep more than 10% of its stake and less than 90% of the shares must be be transferred in order to avoid 
RETT. Additionally, the seller’s holding period has been extended from five to ten years, meaning that the 
remaining shares may only be fully acquired after the extended period of ten years. Furthermore, the applicable 
rules relating to corporations have been aligned with rules that previously only applied to partnerships. The 
revised RETT rules apply to all transactions occurring after 30 June 2021. 
Compared to the GrEStG applicable until 30 June 2021, the acquisition process for share or interest deals is 
more complex due to the amendments and the required minority rights for the seller and the acquisition costs 
and future administrative burdens in respect of the newly acquired entity are further increased. Therefore, it 
may not be possible or commercially reasonable to acquire properties on a RETT neutral basis at all. 
RETT optimisation in case of a share deal may further result in tax and other disadvantages at the level of the 
property companies, for example, a reduced basis for depreciation and a higher latent capital gain. Provided 
that the German tax authorities challenge the RETT structuring in case of a share deal, there may be RETT 
and the tax disadvantages at the level of the relevant property company. 
The relevant considerations on RETT optimisation also impact any exit considerations of the Group, i.e., any 
request of a potential buyer of a property for RETT optimisation would require the Issuer to remain in the 
structure with a minority interest of more than 10% for a period of ten years or, otherwise, may reduce the 
purchase price, which is achievable for the Group upon exit. 
In addition, the applicable RETT rate currently varies between 3.5% in Bavaria and Saxony and up to 6.5% in 
other federal states in Germany. Federal states may increase their respective RETT rates in the future. This 
would further increase acquisition costs for the purchase of properties and could also affect the fair value of 
properties. 
On 15 June 2023, the BMF published a proposal for an Act on the Amendment of the GrEStG (Entwurf eines 
Gesetzes zur Novellierung des Grunderwerbsteuergesetzes – Grunderwerbsteuer-Novellierungsgesetz, "Draft 
RETT Amendment Act"). The Draft RETT Amendment Act provides for an abolishment of the above-
mentioned 90%-threshold within the 10 year-observation period for share deals. This concept is replaced with 
a new regime according to which the acquisition of a real estate company (Grundstücksgesellschaft) would be 
subject to RETT if all (100%) shares in such real estate company are directly or indirectly unified (vereint) in 
the hands of one acquirer (Erwerber) or in the hands of a group of acquirers (Erwerbergruppe). According to 
the Draft RETT Amendment Act, several acquirers form a group of acquirers if the acquirers have aligned 
their transactions or transfers (miteinander abgestimmte Rechtsgeschäfte oder Übergange) with respect to the 
shares in the real estate company. Alignment shall generally be assumed if the transactions or transfers of the

--- Page 65 ---
65
different acquirers with respect to the shares in the real estate company are factually and temporally related to 
each other. Provided that a shareholder in a real estate company holds its participation in the serving interest 
(dienendes Interesse) of another shareholder, such shareholding shall not be considered (nicht berücksichtigt) 
for purposes of the 100% threshold. RETT may therefore be triggered if one acquirer or a group of acquirers 
directly or indirectly acquires less than 100% of the shares in a real estate company, but the remaining shares 
are held in the serving interest for the acquirer or the group of acquirers. A shareholder in a real estate company 
holds its participation in a real estate company in the serving interest for an acquirer or a group of acquirers, 
if, for example, the fair market value of the shareholding is less than the RETT which would be due if all 
shares in the real estate company were unified in the hands of the acquirer or the group of acquirers or, if the 
shareholders rights are limited by the articles of the real estate company or a contractual arrangement or, if the 
relevant shareholder receives a fixed or minimum consideration under its participation in the real estate 
company, which is not paid to all other shareholders in the real estate company. The Draft RETT Amendment 
Act provides for additional criteria according to which a serving interest of a shareholder in a real estate 
company shall be assumed.  
As yet, no formal legislative procedure has been initiated with respect to the Draft RETT Amendment Act. It 
is therefore uncertain if, when and how the Draft RETT Amendment Act will be enacted. If enacted, it will 
make it significantly more difficult, if not unfeasable, to avoid RETT going forward or may result in an 
increased cost for structuring and for outside shareholders. The Draft RETT Amendment Act could therefore 
adversely affect the business of the Group in Germany in the future.In relation to acquisition of existing real 
estate located in the Netherlands, RETT will be due. The RETT rate is 2% for residential real estate and 8% 
for non-residential real estate (also referred to as the general RETT rate) and is levied over the value of the 
acquired property. The general RETT for non-residential real estate increased from 8% to 10.4% on 1 January 
2023.  A key objective of the increase is to strengthen the position of the starter in the owner-occupied 
residential housing market vis-à-vis the investor. Since the reduced rate of 2% will continue to apply to the 
purchase of a primary residence, the increase in the general RETT rate is expected to particularly affect 
investors in residential and commercial real estate. 
Residential real estate is real estate that at the time of its transfer is intended for occupation by private 
individuals. The definition of residential real estate has been and is the subject of extensive debate and 
litigation. Where taxpayers have claimed the 2% rate, the tax authorities may increase to 8% plus interest and 
possibly penalties if the property cannot, or not wholly, be classified as residential. RETT exemption is created 
for “starters”, being persons in the age of 18 to 35 buying their primary residence up to an amount of €440,000. 
The 2% rate remains applicable to all other individuals not qualifying for the RETT exemption buying a 
primary residence. 
Dutch RETT may also be due in case of the acquisition of shares in a company of which the majority of assets 
consist of real estate in the Netherlands in case certain criteria are met. The Dutch RETT and Value Added 
Tax ("VAT") treatment of ground leases (erfpacht) follow specific regulations to calculate the tax base and to 
determine whether the establishment or acquisition of the ground lease qualifies as a supply of services or 
goods for VAT purposes. In order to prevent an adverse outcome, the establishment and acquisition of ground 
leases needs to be carefully considered. 
The transfer of real estate is generally exempt from VAT in the Netherlands, unless the transfer concerns newly 
developed real estate, such as construction sites and (part of) buildings including the surrounding terrain, prior 
to, on or within a period of two years after the moment of first use of the buildings concerned. Should a transfer 
of newly developed real estate indeed be subject to VAT, an exemption generally applies for RETT, but not 
always. Under certain circumstances, the renovation of real estate can be deemed newly developed real estate. 
In the event of an asset transaction, such as an acquisition of real estate, where a so-called 'totality of goods' is 
acquired, the acquisition may be considered as a non-taxable transfer for Dutch VAT purposes. As VAT is 
assessed on the basis of the taxpayers’ own assessment, the application of such exemption may not be 
recognised by the tax authorities.

--- Page 66 ---
66
The occurrence of any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits, reputation and prospects. 
Taxable capital gains arising out of the sale of real estate may not be completely offset by the tax transfer 
of built-in gains. 
Under the EStG, the possibility of a tax-neutral transfer of built-in gains (stille Reserven) to newly acquired or 
constructed real estate is available within a certain period of time, subject to certain conditions (Section 6b of 
EStG). The taxable capital gains realised upon sale of real estate can either be deducted from the tax base of 
the new real estate in the same fiscal year or by forming a reserve ("6b Reserve") and, for a later deduction in 
tax costs relating to acquisitions or construction, be used to reduce the tax base of real estate newly acquired 
or constructed in the near future. If the 6b Reserve is not utilised within four years (or, under certain conditions, 
within six years), then generally it has to be dissolved, thereby increasing the taxable income. In such case, the 
taxable income is increased by 6% for each full fiscal year for which the 6b Reserve existed. Due to the 
COVID-19 relief legislation, the relevant periods for the taxable dissolution of the 6b Reserve have been 
extended by a year, subject to specific requirements. 
As of 31 December 2023, Aroundtown’s 6b Reserve amounted to approximately €0.2 billion (out of a total  
€2.7 billion of deferred tax liabilities). In the past, Aroundtown has acquired or disposed of a significant 
number of properties in its portfolio and may continue to do so in the future. The Issuer believes that the 6b 
Reserve is not subject to a taxable dissolution but can be rolled-over in a tax-neutral way to future acquisition 
costs. However, if these assumptions are not met, Aroundtown may be unable to roll over capital gains arising 
out of property sales in the past or in the future in an income tax-neutral manner. 
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits, reputation and prospects. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in categories depending on their nature with the most 
material risk factor presented first in each category: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes or it is perceived that there is an actual or increased likelihood that the Issuer may 
elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of

--- Page 67 ---
67
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates.
The Issuer may from time to time issue Notes under the Programme at a discount or premium to their principal 
amount. The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Senior Notes) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes 
Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” such as EURIBOR and NIBOR are the subject 
of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable or any 
other benchmark-related reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark".  
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, 
the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published Benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR, NIBOR or other relevant 
reference rates ceases to exist or be published or another Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, as applicable, occurs. Such fallback arrangements will result in any Notes referencing a "benchmark" 
to perform differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant 
benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form. No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed. 
Furthermore, in certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a 
particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as the case may be) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the

--- Page 68 ---
68
case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, the application of the Subsequent Reset Rate for a preceding 
Reset Period or the initial First Fixed Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement 
Date. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
any determinations that may need to be made by the Issuer and the involvement of any Independent Adviser, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any 
such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated 
Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for such 
Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR ("SONIA-Linked Notes" and 
"SOFR-Linked Notes", respectively), interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively (each as defined in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR differ from U.S. dollar London Interbank Offered 
Rate ("LIBOR") and the now discontinued Sterling LIBOR, respectively, in a number of material respects, 
including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR are backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free or secured overnight rates, whereas Sterling LIBOR was and U.S. dollar 
LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a credit risk-element based on inter-
bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that there may be a material difference in the behaviour of 
Sterling LIBOR and SONIA or U.S. dollar LIBOR and SOFR as interest reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes. The use of SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and 
development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA and/or SOFR. 
Each of the Bank of England and The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "FRBNY") publishes certain 
historical indicative secured overnight financing rates, although such historical indicative data inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Potential investors in SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-
Linked Notes should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in SONIA 
or SOFR, as the case may be, as an indicator of the future performance of SONIA or SOFR, respectively. For 
example, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates (see “—SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile 
than other benchmarks or market rates” below). Accordingly, SONIA and SOFR over the term of any SONIA-
Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or 
historical indicative data. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to each of SONIA and SOFR as 
a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR and the 
discontinued Sterling LIBOR, respectively. Market participants, industry groups and/or central bank-led 
working groups have explored compounded and weighted average rates and observation methodologies for 
overnight rates (including so-called ‘shift’, ‘lag’, ‘lookback’ and ‘lock-out’ methodologies) and forward-
looking ‘term’ reference rates derived from these overnight rates have also been, or are being, developed. The 
adoption of overnight rates may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring 
from Sterling LIBOR or U.S. dollar LIBOR, or another reference rate to an overnight rate. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the relevant Terms and Conditions in the case of Floating Rate Notes for which

--- Page 69 ---
69
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of the interest determination provisions when compared with 
the provisions for such determination as set out in Conditions 5.2(b)(iii) or 5.2(b)(iv) (in the case of Senior 
Notes) and Conditions 4.2(b)(iii) or 4.2(b)(iv)  (in the case of Subordinated Notes), as the case may be. The 
continued development of Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR as an interest reference 
rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR-based rates for such 
market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA or SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes 
issued under the Programme from time to time.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA and SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR. 
Since SONIA and SOFR are relatively new market reference rates, Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may have no established trading market when 
issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, such as the margin over the 
reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt 
securities may be lower than those of later issued debt securities as a result. Further, if Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR do not prove to be widely used in securities, the trading price of Floating 
Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, may be lower 
than those of debt securities referencing other reference rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may 
not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SONIA or SOFR 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in such Notes. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may 
result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, and the trading prices of such Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
Any failure of SONIA or SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Notes. 
According to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, convened by the Board of Governors of the FRBNY, 
SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative 
to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in 
the overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured 
by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to 
correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. Similar considerations apply in respect of 
SONIA. This may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR or SONIA a suitable replacement 
or successor for all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar LIBOR or Sterling LIBOR historically has been used 
(including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which 
may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR or SONIA. Any failure of SOFR or SONIA to gain market 
acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value and market price of Floating Rate Notes which

--- Page 70 ---
70
reference Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily SONIA and the price at which investors can sell 
such Notes in the secondary market. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near the end of 
the Interest Period for SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes. 
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily 
SOFR is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant SONIA Observation Period (as defined 
in Condition 5.2(b)(iii) of the Senior Notes and Condition 4.2(b)(iii) of the Subordinated Notes) or SOFR 
Observation Period (as defined in Condition 5.2(b)(iv) of the Senior Notes and Condition 4.2(b)(iv) of the 
Subordinated Notes) and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in any such Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on 
such Floating Rate Notes on each Interest Payment Date, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to 
trade such Floating Rate Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely 
impact the liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, if Floating Rate Senior Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 10 of the Senior Notes, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an 
Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Floating Rate Notes shall only be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate 
Notes become due and payable.
SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile than other benchmarks or market rates. 
Publication of SOFR data began in April 2018, and it therefore has a relatively limited history. In addition, the 
future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on its historical performance. The level of SOFR over 
the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if 
any, in the behaviour of market variables, such as correlations, may change in the future. While some pre-
publication hypothetical performance data has been published by the FRBNY, such data inherently involves 
assumptions, estimates and approximations. Furthermore, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes 
in the SOFR rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market 
rates. As a result, the return on and value and market price of Floating Rate Notes which reference 
Compounded Daily SOFR may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile 
rates. In addition, the volatility of SOFR has reflected the underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury 
repo market. The FRBNY has at times conducted operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in 
order to help maintain the federal funds rate within a target range. There can be no assurance that the FRBNY 
will continue to conduct such operations in the future, and the duration and extent of any such operations is 
inherently uncertain. Similar considerations may also apply in respect of SONIA. The effect of any such 
operations, or of the cessation of such operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be 
materially adverse to investors in SOFR-Linked Notes or SONIA-Linked Notes, as applicable. The future 
performance of SOFR and SONIA is impossible to predict and therefore no future performance of SOFR or 
SONIA or the Floating Rate Notes may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual historical 
performance data. Hypothetical or actual historical performance data is not indicative of, and has no bearing 
on, the potential performance of SOFR or SONIA or the Notes. There can be no assurance that SOFR or 
SONIA will be positive. 
The interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes will be based on Compounded Daily 
SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, which are relatively new in the marketplace and may 
be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index, respectively, a relatively 
new market index. 
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR is based on Compounded SONIA or Compounded SOFR, respectively, which is 
calculated on a daily compounded basis (or, where Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, by reference to the relevant index) and not the SOFR rate published on or in respect

--- Page 71 ---
71
of a particular date during such Interest Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during such Interest 
Period. Each of the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index measures the cumulative impact of 
compounding SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on a unit of investment over time. The value of the SONIA 
Compounded Index or the SOFR Index on a particular business day reflects the effect of compounding SONIA 
or SOFR, respectively, on such business day and allows the calculation of compounded SONIA or SOFR 
averages, as applicable, over custom time periods. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on Floating Rate 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR during any Interest Period will 
not be the same as the interest rate on other SONIA or SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis 
to determine the applicable interest rate. Further, if the SONIA or SOFR rate in respect of a particular date 
during an Interest Period is negative, its contribution to the relevant compounded rate will be less than one, 
resulting in a reduction to such compounded rate used to calculate the interest payable on any Floating Rate 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR on the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period. 
Limited market precedent exists for securities that use SONIA or SOFR as the interest rate and the method for 
calculating an interest rate based upon SONIA or SOFR in those precedents varies. In addition, the Bank of 
England and the FRBNY only began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index, 
respectively, very recently. Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded Daily SONIA and 
Compounded Daily SOFR set out in the conditions of the Notes and the use of the SONIA Compounded Index 
or SOFR Index for the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, 
respectively, may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different 
calculation method, that would likely adversely affect the market value of any respective SONIA-Linked Notes 
or SOFR-Linked Notes. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
respectively. 
SONIA and SOFR are published by the Bank of England and the FRBNY as the respective administrators of 
SONIA and SOFR, based on data received from sources other than the Issuer. The Issuer has no control over 
the determination, calculation or publication of SONIA or SOFR. The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may 
make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be, or discontinue SONIA or 
SOFR, respectively, and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Notes in doing so. Each of the Bank of England or the FRBNY (or, in each case, a successor), 
as administrator of SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could 
change the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related 
to the publication of SONIA and SOFR. In addition, the administrator of SONIA or SOFR may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on any SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, will apply, as 
further described in Conditions 5.2(b)(iii) or 5.2(b)(iv) (in the case of Senior Notes) and Conditions 4.2(b)(iii) 
or 4.2(b)(iv) (in the case of Subordinated Notes), as the case may be). 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
respectively. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on any SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, which may 
adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. If the rate at which interest accrues on any SONIA-Linked 
Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest will be 
payable on such Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. The administrator of each of 
SONIA and SOFR has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-
Linked Notes, respectively, in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR, 
as the case may be. In addition, the administrator of each of SONIA or SOFR may withdraw, modify or amend

--- Page 72 ---
72
the published SONIA or SOFR rate or other SONIA or SOFR data, respectively, in its sole discretion and 
without notice. 
The SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued, which could adversely 
affect the value and market price of any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
The SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index are published by the Bank of England and the FRBNY, 
respectively, based on data received by them from sources other than the Issuer, and the Issuer has no control 
over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or the availability of the SONIA 
Compounded Index or SOFR Index at any time. There can be no guarantee that the SONIA Compounded 
Index or the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is applicable. If the manner in which the SONIA 
Compounded Index or the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SONIA or SOFR, 
respectively, is calculated, is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable 
on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR where Index 
Determination is applicable and the trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the Bank of England or the 
FRBNY may withdraw, modify or amend the published SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index, 
respectively, or other SONIA or SOFR data in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any 
Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to the SONIA Compounded Index 
or the SOFR Index or other SONIA or SOFR data that the Bank of England or the FRBNY may publish after 
the interest rate for that Interest Period has been determined.  
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Senior Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Senior Notes, such as 
Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes.  In particular, an investor might receive less interest than 
expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested 
by it. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in respect of the Notes being determined by 
reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in 
currency exchange rates or other factors (each, a "Relevant Factor").  In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes 
with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which 
the Notes are denominated.  Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i)
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii)
they may receive no interest; 
(iii)
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(iv)
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(v)
the effect of any multiplier or leverage factor that is applied to the Relevant Factor is that the impact 
of any changes in the Relevant Factor on the amounts of principal or interest payable will be 
magnified; and 
(vi)
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, 
the greater the effect on yield.

--- Page 73 ---
73
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes.  Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked 
to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of 
the issue price could lose all of their investment. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment.  Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of their Notes could result in such 
investor losing all of their investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities.
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes.
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate 
such as EURIBOR.  The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms).  Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which 
further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the consent 
of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders.
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed also provide that the Trustee may agree to (i) any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions 
of the Senior Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Senior Noteholders that any Event of Default 
or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal 
debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 16 of the Senior 
Notes. 
The conditions of the Subordinated notes and the Trust Deed also provide that the Trustee may agree to (i) any 
modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes or of any other provisions of the Trust 
Deed or the Agency Agreement which is in each case, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii) any other modification to (except as mentioned in 
the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of, any of the

--- Page 74 ---
74
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes or of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency 
Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which will not include, for the avoidance of doubt, any provision entitling the Subordinated 
Noteholders to institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer which is more extensive than those set 
out in Condition 12  of the Subordinated Notes), (iii) the substitution on a subordinated basis equivalent to that 
referred to in Condition 3.1 of the Subordinated Notes of certain other entities in place of the Issuer (or any 
previous substitute) as a new principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Subordinated Notes or (iv) 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for Qualifying Subordinated Notes (as defined in 
Condition 8, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes with the effect that they remain or become (as the 
case may be), Qualifying Subordinated Notes at any time following the occurrence of an Accounting Event, a 
Rating Event, a Tax Event or a Gross-up Event (subject to any such event being specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) and subject to the receipt by the Trustee of the certiﬁcate of two members of the board 
of directors of the Issuer referred to in Condition 9 of the Subordinated Notes. Whilst Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes are required to have terms which are not materially less favourable to Subordinated Noteholders (as a 
class) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, there can be no assurance that the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes will not have a significant adverse impact on the price of, and/or market for, the Subordinated Notes or 
the circumstances of individual Subordinated Noteholders. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution as described above will be binding 
on all Noteholders without any requirement for the consent of any Noteholder and without regard to the 
interests of particular Noteholders. 
A Restructuring Plan implemented pursuant to Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 may modify or disapply 
certain terms of the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or may 
affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a "Plan") with 
its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the Corporate Insolvency and 
Governance Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of those financial difficulties. 
Should this happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into creditor classes and can vote on any 
such Plan (subject to being excluded from the vote by the English courts for having no genuine economic 
interest in the Issuer and certain exclusions where the Plan is proposed within the 12 week period following 
the end of a moratorium). Providing that one class of creditors (who would receive a payment, or have a 
genuine economic interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, and in the view of the English courts any 
dissenting class(es) who did not approve the Plan are no worse off under the Plan than they would be in the 
event of the “relevant alternative” (such as, broadly, liquidation or administration), then the English court can 
sanction the Plan where it would be a proper exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding on all 
creditors and members, regardless of whether they approved it. Any such sanctioned Plan in relation to the 
Issuer may, therefore, adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment in 
the Notes, as it may have the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Notes (by, for example, 
writing down the principal amount of the Notes, modifying the interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date 
or dates on which any payments are due or substituting the Issuer). 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than

--- Page 75 ---
75
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the Subordinated Notes generally 
The Undated Subordinated Notes will be perpetual securities. 
The Undated Subordinated Notes will be perpetual securities in respect of which there is no fixed redemption 
date by which the Issuer would be under the obligation to redeem or repurchase the Undated Subordinated 
Notes at any time, and the Noteholders have no right to require redemption of the Undated Subordinated Notes. 
See Condition 7 of the Subordinated Notes. Therefore, prospective investors should be aware that they may 
be required to bear financial risks of an investment in the Undated Subordinated Notes for an indefinite period 
of time and may not recover their investment in the foreseeable future. 
The Subordinated Notes will be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer including upon the occurrence 
of certain events. 
The Subordinated Notes will be redeemable, at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, on (i) in the 
case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, the First Reset Date or on any Fixed Reset Call Date 
thereafter; or (ii) in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes, the Floating Rate Call Date or any Interest 
Payment Date thereafter at their principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest (as defined in Condition 5 of the 
Subordinated Notes). 
In addition, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, an Accounting Event, a Rating Event, a Gross-up Event, a 
Repurchase Event or a Change of Control Event (subject to any such event being specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) (each as more fully described in Condition 7 of the Subordinated Notes), the Issuer 
shall have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes at the prices set out therein, 
in each case together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any 
outstanding Arrears of Interest. In the case of the first Change of Control Event, in the event that the Issuer 
does not elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the then prevailing Interest Rate of the Subordinated Notes, 
and each subsequent Interest Rate otherwise determined in accordance with Condition 4 of the Subordinated 
Notes, shall be increased by the Step Up Margin with effect from (and including) the Change of Control 
Effective Date. 
In June 2018, the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB") published the discussion paper 
DP/2018/1 on “Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity” (the "DP/2018/1 Paper"). Although the 
final form of any changes to the current IASB accounting standards remains to be determined, if the proposals 
set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper are implemented the classification of financial instruments such as the 
Subordinated Notes as equity instruments or financial liabilities may change. In such an event, the Issuer may 
have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes (including, but not limited to, in accordance with Condition 7.4).  
The IASB met on 18 June 2019 to hear a summary of the feedback on the DP/2018/1 Paper but as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, no final decision on this has been made. During the 23 October 2019 meeting of the 
IASB, the potential scope and indicative timetable of the project plan regarding the DP/2018/1 Paper were 
discussed but no decisions were made. During the 16 December 2020 meeting, the IASB decided to add the 
"Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity" project to its standard-setting programme and to

--- Page 76 ---
76
continue using the expertise of advisory bodies instead of establishing a dedicated consultative group for the 
project. During the 16 February 2021 meeting, (i) the IASB discussed potential refinements to disclosure 
proposals explored in the DP/2018/1 Paper – namely, proposals for information about priority on liquidation, 
potential dilution, and terms and conditions, though was not asked to make any decisions but directed the staff 
to further consider the objectives of the proposed disclosures and their scope and (ii) the IASB also discussed 
challenges in accounting for financial instruments with obligations that arise only on liquidation of an entity 
and also discussed potential classification, presentation and disclosure requirements to address those 
challenges and tentatively decided not to change how such instruments should be classified but instead focused 
on developing presentation and disclosure requirements in relation to them. The IASB met on 22 February 
2022 where they discussed making an instrument's classification as debt or equity dependent on shareholder 
discretion on making distributions. 
The implementation of any of the proposals set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar such proposals 
that may be made in the future, including the extent and timing of any such implementation, if at all, is 
uncertain. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the future classification of the Subordinated Notes 
from an accounting or any other perspective or whether any such change may result in the Issuer having the 
option to redeem the Subordinated Notes under the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes or it is perceived that there is 
an actual or increased likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value 
of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Subordinated Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest payable on them. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest payable on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
There is no redemption at the option of the Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes.
There is a risk that Undated Subordinated Notes are treated as equity of the Issuer for Luxembourg tax 
purposes. 
Luxembourg tax law generally follows Luxembourg civil (or commercial) law and Luxembourg GAAP when 
determining the nature of an instrument. Instruments such as the Undated Subordinated Notes that are 
considered as debt for Luxembourg legal and Luxembourg GAAP purposes are thus, as a general rule, also 
considered as debt for Luxembourg tax purposes. Accordingly, payments of interest made on such instruments 
should (i) be deductible for Luxembourg corporate income tax and (ii) not be subject to Luxembourg 
withholding tax; furthermore, the principal amount of such instruments should be deductible for Luxembourg 
net wealth tax purposes.  
Nevertheless, in certain circumstances and on the basis of legal and factual elements, it might be the case that 
the economic substance differs from the legal documentation, in which case, the tax analysis of the equity or 
debt qualification of a financial instrument must follow the "economic substance over legal form" approach. 
In accordance with this economic approach, or "wirtschaftliche Betrachtungsweise", any analysis of the equity 
or debt qualification of an instrument must cover different features, no single element being decisive.  
In light of the absence of a fixed maturity under the Undated Subordinated Notes, there is a risk that the 
Undated Subordinated Notes are qualified as equity of the Issuer for Luxembourg tax purposes and accordingly 
there is a risk that payments of interest under the Undated Subordinated Notes is not deductible for 
Luxembourg corporate income tax purposes and subject to Luxembourg dividend withholding tax. There is a 
further risk that the principal amount of such Undated Subordinated Notes is no longer deductible for 
Luxembourg net wealth tax purposes.

--- Page 77 ---
77
To obtain certainty on the debt classification of the Undated Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may on a series 
by series basis decide to request a ruling from the Luxembourg tax authorities as to the classification of 
Undated Subordinated Notes for Luxembourg tax purposes. Any such ruling would not be obtained prior to 
the issuance of the Undated Subordinated Notes. Given that the specific features of every single transaction 
are reviewed by the Luxembourg tax authorities, it cannot be ascertained that the Luxembourg Tax Ruling 
Commission adheres to the position previously adopted by the Luxembourg tax authorities with respect to 
characterisation of the Undated Subordinated Notes as debt instruments. In the absence of a final ruling, there 
is therefore a risk that the Undated Subordinated Notes are qualified as equity of the Issuer for Luxembourg 
tax purposes.  
Investors should note that, in the event of a change in the official interpretation of a Luxembourg law or 
regulation resulting in the payment of interest under the Subordinated Notes being no longer deductible for 
corporate income tax purposes or payments under the Subordinated Notes becoming subject to withholding 
tax, a Tax Event, an Accounting Event or a Gross up Event (within the meaning of Condition 7 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) may occur, enabling the Issuer to call for an early redemption (See 
also “Risk factors – The Subordinated Notes will be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer including 
upon the occurrence of certain events”.) 
There is a risk that restrictions on the deductibility of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes may 
be implemented. 
Fiscal and taxation policy and practice is constantly evolving and there have recently been a number of 
developments. In particular, a number of changes of law and practice are occurring as a result of the OECD 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project ("BEPS"). Investors should note that certain action points which form 
part of the OECD BEPS project (such as Action 4, which can deny deductions for financing costs as discussed 
below, or Action 2 on hybrid mismatch arrangements) have been or may be implemented in a manner which 
may affect the tax position of the Issuer. 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of a 
number of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 
(the "EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 1") on 12 July 2016. The EU Council further adopted Council 
Directive (EU) 2017/952 (the "EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2" and, together with the Anti-Tax 
Avoidance Directive 1, the "EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives") on 29 May 2017, amending the EU Anti-
Tax Avoidance Directive 1, to provide for minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving 
EU member states and third countries. 
The EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives contain various measures that could potentially result in payments of 
interest under the Subordinated Notes ceasing to be fully deductible for Luxembourg corporate income tax 
purposes. This could increase the Issuer’s liability to tax and reduce the amounts available for payments on 
the Notes. There are two measures of particular relevance in this regard.  
Firstly, the interest limitation requirements set out by the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 1 have already been 
implemented in article 168bis of the Luxembourg income tax law effective as of 1 January 2019, which restrict, 
for a Luxembourg taxpayer, the deduction of net interest expenses qualifying as “excess borrowing costs” to 
the higher of (i) 30 per cent. of the taxpayer’s EBITDA (defined as the taxpayer’s total net income increased 
by the amount of its excess borrowing costs, depreciation and amortisation), and (ii) €3 million.  
Excess borrowing costs are defined as the amount by which the deductible borrowing costs of a taxpayer 
exceeds the taxpayer’s taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable income of the 
taxpayer. Excess borrowing costs not deductible in a tax period can be carried forward indefinitely. The same 
applies to a taxpayer’s excess interest capacity which cannot be used in a given tax period (however, such 
excess interest capacity can only be carried forward for a maximum period of 5 years).

--- Page 78 ---
78
Secondly, the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives also contain rules relating to so-called hybrid mismatches. 
Luxembourg implemented the anti-hybrid mismatch rules under amended article 9 of EU Anti-Tax Avoidance 
Directive 1 and 2 in article 168ter of the Luxembourg income tax law with effect as of 1 January 2020. 
As per article 168ter of the Luxembourg income tax law, a hybrid mismatch arises when a payment between 
entities located in different states results in a double deduction or a deduction without inclusion. In the event 
of a double deduction, the deriving hybrid mismatch should be adjusted by denying the deduction at the level 
of either (i) the payee or (ii) the payor (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of 
the payee). In the event of a deduction without inclusion, the deriving hybrid mismatch shall be adjusted by 
means of either (i) the denial of the deduction at the level of the payor or (ii) the inclusion of the payment in 
the taxable income of the payee (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the 
payor). A hybrid mismatch occurs only if it arises either (i) between “associated enterprises” or (ii) in the case 
of a structured arrangement. 
The impact of the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 depends on the tax treatment at the level of the relevant 
Noteholder and may alter the tax position of the Issuer. Investors should also note that the implementation of 
such measures may give rise to the occurrence of a Tax Event and the Issuer having the option to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes where any resulting loss of deductibility is by reason of a change in Luxembourg law or 
regulation or the official application or interpretation of such law or regulation (See “Risk Factors –  The 
Subordinated Notes will be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer including upon the occurrence of 
certain events”). 
The interest rate on the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will reset on the First Reset Date and on 
every Reset Date thereafter, which can be expected to affect the interest payment on the Fixed Rate 
Resettable Subordinated Notes and the market value of the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes. 
Although the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will earn interest at a fixed rate until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date, the current market interest rate on the capital markets (the "market interest rate") 
typically changes on a daily basis. Since the initial fixed rate of interest for the Fixed Rate Resettable 
Subordinated Notes will be reset on the First Reset Date of the Subordinated Notes, and on each subsequent 
Reset Date of the Subordinated Notes, the interest payment on the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes 
will also change. The Noteholders should be aware that movements in these market interest rates can adversely 
affect the price of the Subordinated Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Noteholders are exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income as the reset 
rates could affect the market value of an investment in the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes. 
Fluctuations in interest rates could therefore affect the levels of capital gains or losses on the Fixed Rate 
Resettable Subordinated Notes and make it impossible to determine the yield of such securities in advance. 
During periods of rising interest rates, the prices of ﬁxed rate securities, such as the Fixed Rate Resettable 
Subordinated Notes, tend to fall and gains are reduced or losses incurred upon their sale. Therefore, investment 
in the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes involves the risk that changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes. 
See also “Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks"”. 
The Issuer has the right to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer any payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes, in 
whole but not in part, which is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date. See Condition 5 
of the Subordinated Notes. In light of such interest deferral mechanics, there can be no definitive certainty as 
to the timing of payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes. Only upon the occurrence of one of the events 
listed in Condition 5.2 of the Subordinated Notes, in the event of a redemption of the Subordinated Notes

--- Page 79 ---
79
pursuant to Condition 7 of the Subordinated Notes or in the event of a winding up of the Issuer in a manner 
falling within Condition 12 of the Subordinated Notes will the Issuer be obliged to pay any such Arrears of 
Interest to Noteholders. 
Any such deferral of interest payment shall not constitute an Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 12 
of the Subordinated Notes) or a default for any purpose unless such payment is required in accordance with 
Condition 5.2 of the Subordinated Notes.  
Any deferral of interest payments, or perceived increased likelihood of deferral of interest payments, is likely 
to have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest 
deferral provision of the Subordinated Notes, the market price of the Subordinated Notes may be more volatile 
than the market prices of other debt securities on which original issue discount or interest accrues that are not 
subject to such deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer's financial 
condition. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Noteholder will, in the events described in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from higher 
ranking claims have been satisfied. A Noteholder may, therefore, recover less than the holders of 
unsubordinated or other prior ranking subordinated liabilities of the Issuer. Furthermore, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes will not limit the amount of the liabilities ranking senior to, or pari passu
with, the Subordinated Notes which may be incurred or assumed by the Issuer from time to time, whether 
before or after the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes. The incurrence of any such other liabilities may 
reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Noteholders on a winding-up or administration of the Issuer and/or 
may increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes. Subject to 
applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed 
to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Subordinated Notes or the Trust 
Deed and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of his holding of any Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived 
all such rights of set-off. 
Although subordinated debt securities, such as the Subordinated Notes, may pay a higher rate of interest than 
comparable debt securities which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in subordinated 
securities such as the Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent. 
Limited Remedies 
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provide that the Undated Subordinated Notes will be 
perpetual securities and there is, therefore, no obligation on the Issuer to repay principal on any given date. In 
addition, payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes may be deferred in accordance with Condition 5 of 
the Subordinated Notes and interest will not therefore be due other than in the limited circumstances described 
in Condition 5.2 of the Subordinated Notes. 
The only enforcement event in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes is if a default is made by 
the Issuer in respect of payment of any principal or interest (including any Arrears of Interest) when due and 
the default continues for a period of 30 days.  
Therefore, it will only be possible for the Noteholders to enforce claims for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes when the same are due. 
In addition the claims of holders of all Senior Obligations will first have to be satisfied in any winding-up or 
administration proceedings before the Noteholders may expect to obtain any recovery in respect of their 
Subordinated Notes and prior thereto Noteholders will have only limited ability to influence the conduct of

--- Page 80 ---
80
such winding-up or administration proceedings. See "—The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes 
will be subordinated". 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. If a Tranche of Notes is issued to a single investor or a limited 
number of investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in such Notes. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  This may be even more likely for Notes that 
are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and greater price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes.
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates.
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes, as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors.

--- Page 81 ---
81
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The relevant pages of the following documents, which have previously been published (or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus) and filed with the CSSF, and that are included in the cross-reference 
list below shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 
2023 (the "2023 Financial Statements") of the Issuer, which are published on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.aroundtown.de/fileadmin/user_upload/04_investor_relations/downloads/2023/AT_FY_
2023.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in particular:  
Board of Directors’ Report
Pages 4 to 151
Non-Financial Report
Pages 41 to 119
EPRA Performance Measures
Pages 132 to 141
Alternative Performance Measures
Pages 142 to 150
Limited Assurance Report
Pages 152 to 154
Report of the Réviseur d’Enterprises Agréé (Independent auditor)
Pages 240 to 243
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
Page 158
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
Page 159
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Pages 160 to 161
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Pages 162 to 163
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Pages 164 to 165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Pages 166 to 239
(b) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 (the "2022 Financial Statements") of the Issuer, which are published on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.aroundtown.de/fileadmin/user_upload/04_investor_relations/downloads/2022/AT_FY_
2022.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Board of Directors’ Report
Pages 6 to 97
EPRA Performance Measures
Pages 77 to 87
Alternative Performance Measures
Pages 88 to 96
Report of the Réviseur d’Enterprises Agréé (Independent auditor)
Pages 98 to 101
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
Page 104
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
Page 105
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Pages 106 to 107

--- Page 82 ---
82
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Pages 108 to 109
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Pages 110 to 111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Pages 112 to 185
(c) 
the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the three-month period ended 31 March 2024 (the 
"Interim Consolidated Report Q1 2024") of the Issuer, which is published on the website of the 
Issuer 
(https://www.aroundtown.de/aroundtown.de/Data%20Objects/Downloads/Financial%20Reports/Q1
%202024%20Financials/AT%20Q1%202024.pdf) including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
Board of Directors’ Report
Pages 5 to 49
Alternative Performance Measures
Pages 42 to 47
Interim Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
Page 52
Interim Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income
Page 53
Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Pages 54 to 55
Interim Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Pages 56 to 57
Interim Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Pages 58 to 59
Notes to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
Pages 60 to 67
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the Offering Circular dated 10 March 2017, 
pages 81 to 120 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_853dc695-a54d-4cdb-a01d-
1cfb5c9e94af.pdf); 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the Offering Circular dated 6 October 2017, 
pages 79 to 117 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/FBaseProspectus_9cd6c614-012d-4fc4-9d93-
9cd24987db1f.pdf);  
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the Offering Circular dated 5 October 2018, 
pages 101 to 145 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_381c6100-e109-455a-a5e6-
58e501795482.pdf);  
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the Offering Circular dated 5 
October 2018, pages 146 to 184 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_381c6100-e109-455a-a5e6-
58e501795482.pdf);  
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the Offering Circular dated 4 October 2019, 
pages 103 to 149 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8deea6a3-9e1f-407e-ad0e-
828f7d86769a.PDF);

--- Page 83 ---
83
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the Offering Circular dated 4 
October 2019, pages 150 to 190 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8deea6a3-9e1f-407e-ad0e-
828f7d86769a.PDF) and as amended by the Supplement dated 21 February 2020 which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_58af3507-b7a6-
44be-9c7f-ff9b1f79b6c3.PDF);  
(j) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the Offering Circular dated 13 October 
2020, pages 115 to 160 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_bc7ed548-c95d-41be-aaf2-3f1f79c029be.pdf); 
(k) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the Offering Circular dated 13 
October 2020, pages 161 to 200 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_bc7ed548-c95d-41be-aaf2-3f1f79c029be.pdf);  
(l) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the Offering Circular dated 26 October 
2021, pages 130 to 186 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202110/0a26255c-6270-4c8b-
a812-c2b326b23a50.pdf);  
(m) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the Offering Circular dated 26 
October 2021, pages 187 to 237 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202110/0a26255c-
6270-4c8b-a812-c2b326b23a50.pdf); 
(n) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the Offering Circular dated 2 May 2023, 
pages 136 to 193 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://ise-prodnr-
eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202305/946c43b2-993a-49ef-9832-
2d9f73b910c2.pdf);  
(o) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 
2 May 2023, pages 194 to 245 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202305/946c43b2-
993a-49ef-9832-2d9f73b910c2.pdf); 
each prepared in connection with the Programme. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, supplements may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 84 ---
84
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Issuer presents certain non-IFRS financial information in this Base Prospectus, including information in 
the Board of Directors' Reports to the Interim Consolidated Report Q1 2024, the 2023 Financial Statements 
and the 2022 Financial Statements, all of which have been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
These non-IFRS financial information are not recognised as measures under IFRS. The Issuer however, uses 
this financial information because it believes that they are of use for its investors.  
According to the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"), the Issuer considers the 
following information presented in the Interim Consolidated Report Q1 2024, the 2023 Financial Statements 
and/or the 2022 Financial Statements as APMs: Adjusted EBITDA, FFO I (and FFO I per share), FFO II, 
Rental Yield, Rent Multiple, LTV, Equity Ratio, Unencumbered Assets Ratio, Interest Cover Ratio (ICR), Net 
debt-to-EBITDA, Net debt-to-EBITDA including perpetual notes, EPRA NRV (and EPRA NRV per share), 
EPRA NTA (and EPRA NTA per share), EPRA NTA with RETT (and EPRA NTA with RETT per share), 
EPRA NDV (and EPRA NDV per share), EPRA Earnings, EPRA NIY (net initial yield), EPRA ‘Topped-Up’ 
NIY, EPRA Vacancy, EPRA Cost Ratios and EPRA LTV. All APMs used by the Issuer relate to its or the 
Group's past performance. The Issuer believes that these measures are useful in evaluating the Group's 
operative performance, the net value of the Group's portfolio, and the level of indebtedness and of cashflows 
generated by the Group’s business, because a number of companies, in particular in the real estate sector, also 
publish these figures.  
For the definitions and a reconciliation of certain of these APMs, their components as well as their basis of 
calculation, see the following pages of the Interim Consolidated Report Q1 2024, the 2023 Financial 
Statements and the 2022 Financial Statements:  
Interim Consolidated Report Q1 2024 
 
Page 42 
(Adjusted EBITDA) 
Page 43 
(FFO I and FFO I per share) 
Page 43 
(FFO II) 
Page 44 
Rental Yield 
Page 44 
Rent Multiple 
Page 44 
(LTV) 
Page 44 
(Equity Ratio) 
Page 44 
(Unencumbered Assets Ratio) 
Page 45 
(Interest Cover Ratio (ICR) and 
Debt Service Cover Ratio (DSCR)) 
Page 45 
(Net Debt-to-EBITDA and Net  
Debt-to-EBITDA including 
Perpetual Notes) 
Pages 46 
(EPRA NRV and EPRA NRV per 
share) 
Pages 46 to 47 
(EPRA NTA and EPRA NTA per 
share) 
Pages 46 to 47 
(EPRA NTA with RETT and 
EPRA NTA with RETT per share) 
Page 47 
(EPRA NDV and EPRA NDV per 
share) 
Page 47 
(EPRA LTV) 
2023 Financial Statements 
Page 142 
(Adjusted EBITDA) 
Page 143 
(FFO I and FFO I per share) 
Page 143 
(FFO II) 
Page 144 
Rental Yield

--- Page 85 ---
85
Page 144 
Rent Multiple 
Page 144 
(LTV)  
Page 144 
(Equity Ratio) 
Page 144 
(Unencumbered Assets Ratio) 
Page 145 
(Interest Cover Ratio (ICR)) 
Page 145 
(Net Debt-to-EBITDA and Net  
Debt-to-EBITDA including 
Perpetual Notes) 
Page 146 
(EPRA NRV and EPRA NRV per 
share) 
Page 146 
(EPRA NTA, EPRA NTA per 
share) 
Page 147 
(EPRA NDV and EPRA NDV per 
share) 
Page 148  
(EPRA Earnings and EPRA 
Earnings per share) 
Pages 148 to 149 
(EPRA NIY) 
Page 149 
(EPRA ‘Topped-Up’ NIY) 
Page 149 
(EPRA Vacancy and EPRA 
Vacancy including JV Calculation)  
Pages 149 to 150 
(EPRA Cost Ratios) 
Page 147 
(EPRA LTV) 
2022 Financial Statements 
Page 88  
(Adjusted EBITDA) 
Page 89   
(FFO I and FFO I per share) 
Page 89  
(FFO II) 
Page 90  
(LTV)  
Page 90  
(Equity Ratio) 
Page 90  
(Unencumbered Assets Ratio) 
Pages 90 to 91  
(Interest Cover Ratio (ICR) and 
Debt Service Cover Ratio (DSCR)) 
Page 91  
(Net Debt-to-EBITDA and Net 
Debt-to-EBITDA including 
Perpetual Notes) 
Pages 91 to 92  
(EPRA NRV and EPRA NRV per 
share) 
Page 92  
(EPRA NTA, EPRA NTA per 
share, EPRA NTA with RETT and 
EPRA NTA with RETT per share) 
Page 93  
(EPRA NDV and EPRA NDV per 
share) 
Page 93  
(EPRA Earnings and EPRA 
Earnings per share) 
Page 94  
(EPRA NIY) 
Page 94  
(EPRA ‘Topped-Up’ NIY) 
Page 94  
(EPRA Vacancy and EPRA 
Vacany including JV Calculation) 
Page 95  
(EPRA Cost Ratios) 
Page 96 
(EPRA LTV)

--- Page 86 ---
86
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a "Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note" and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a "Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will: 
(a)
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and 
(b)
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership 
as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United 
States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or 
after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 87 ---
87
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means 
that (i) in respect of the Senior Notes, an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 of the Senior Notes) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) in respect of the Senior Notes, the 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by 
two Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 16 of the Subordinated 
Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after 
the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes), receipts 
and interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes, 
receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a
Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are to 
be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the "NSS"), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate/ whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be 
so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The

--- Page 88 ---
88
common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (each as defined in Condition 
6.5 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 6.4 of the Subordinated Notes) as the registered 
holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.5 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 6.4 of the 
Subordinated Notes) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) in respect of the Senior Notes, an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available 
or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to that effect signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 16 of the Subordinated 
Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange 
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give 
notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form 
a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code, ISIN, FISN and CFI (as applicable) which 
are different from the common code, ISIN, FISN and CFI (as applicable) assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which 
shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 89 ---
89
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within 60 days and such failure or 
inability shall be continuing. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Senior Notes, 
a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in 
relation to such Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
90
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR NOTES 
SENIOR NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT SENIOR NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Senior Notes issued 
under the Programme which are not Exempt Senior Notes and which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) or more.
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 91 ---
91
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
amended or modified from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification 
of the Senior Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]3
[Date] 
Aroundtown SA
société anonyme 
37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B217868 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900H4DWG3KWMBMQ39 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Notes]
under the €15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 31 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus").  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.  The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should 
be specified to be "Applicable".
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as 
defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 92 ---
92
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated [10 March 2017/6 October 2017/5 October 2018/4 October 2019/13 
October 2020/26 October 2021/2 May 2023] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 
31 May 2024.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 31 May 2024 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]
1.
(a)
Series Number:
[
]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[
]
(c)
Date on which the Senior Notes will 
be consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Senior Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Senior Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Senior Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[
]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[
]
(b)
Tranche:
[
]
4.
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
5.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[
]
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent)
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed:
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000.  No 
Senior Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above €199,000."))

--- Page 93 ---
93
(b)
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions):
[         ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
6.
(a)
Issue Date:
[
]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Senior Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Senior Notes.)
7.
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Senior Notes – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]]
8.
Interest Basis:
[[
] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[[         ] 
month] 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR] +/- [         ] per 
cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero coupon]
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16])
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Senior Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount
10.
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable]
11.
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
[Investor Put]
[Merger Put]
[Change of Control Put]
[(see paragraph[s] [18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)]
[Not Applicable]
12.
Status of the Senior Notes:
Senior
13.
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Senior Notes obtained: 
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Senior Notes)

--- Page 94 ---
94
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14.
Fixed Rate Senior Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date[, provided that if any 
Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be 
the next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day]
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Senior 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Senior Notes in global 
form see Conditions):
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d)
Broken Amount(s) for Senior Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Senior Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e)
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)]
(f)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[
]
(g)
Determination Date(s):
[[
] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon)
15.
Floating Rate Senior Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 95 ---
95
(b)
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[
]
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent):
[         ] (the "Calculation Agent") 
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Reference Rate: 
[[         ] 
month] 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ]/[ The day falling the number of London 
Banking Days included in the below SONIA 
Observation Look-Back Period prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which 
by its definition is excluded from the Interest 
Period)]/[The day falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in 
the below SOFR Observation Shift Period prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period ends 
(but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Interest Period)]
(The second day on which the TARGET System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR and the second Oslo business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[         ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 

SONIA 
Observation 
Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”)

SONIA Observation Look-
Back Period: 
[[     ] [London Banking Day[s]/Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”)

--- Page 96 ---
96

SOFR Observation Shift 
Period: 
[[     ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day[s]/Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SOFR”)

Index Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Specified Time:
[
]
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Floating Rate Option:
[         ] 

Designated Maturity:
[         ] 

Reset Date:
[         ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period)
(h)
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)]
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [
] per cent. per annum
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16.
Zero Coupon Senior Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[
] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[
]
(c)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 97 ---
97
17.
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
7.2– 
Redemption for tax reasons:
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] [Any Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 5.2(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Notes) falling in the period from (and 
including) [  ] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[[
] per Calculation Amount]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[         ] 
(ii)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[         ] 
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days' notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee.)
19.
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Make-whole Redemption Margin:
[[
] basis points/Not Applicable]
(b)
Reference Bond:
[CA Selected Bond/[
]]
(c)
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[       ]] time/Not 
Applicable]
(d)
Reference Bond Price:
[The [       ] price/Not Applicable] 
(e)
Relevant 
Make-whole 
Determination Time:
[[ ] [a.m./p.m.] [Brussels/London/[ ]] time/Not 
Applicable]
(f)
Make-whole Reference Source: 
[[ ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [ ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/Not Applicable]
(g)
Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date:
[The [       ] Business Day preceding the [relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date/date on which the

--- Page 98 ---
98
relevant notice of redemption is given]/Not 
Applicable]
(h)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[       ] 
(ii)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[       ] 
(i)
Reference Rate:
[Reference Bond Rate][Reference Swap Rate]
(j)
Relevant Make-whole Screen Page: 
[[ ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [ ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/[ ]/Not Applicable]
(k)
Floating Leg Reference Rate:
[
]
(l)
Floating Leg Screen Page:
[
]
20.
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[
]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[
] per Calculation Amount
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Senior Notes)
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent or 
Trustee.)
21.
Merger Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
Merger Redemption Amount:
[
] per Calculation Amount
22.
Change of Control Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 99 ---
99
Change of Control Redemption Amount:
[
] per Calculation Amount
23.
Final Redemption Amount:
[
] per Calculation Amount
24.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR NOTES 
25.
Form of Senior Notes:
(a)
Form: 
[Bearer Senior Notes: 
[Temporary Global Senior Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Senior Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Senior Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event]
[Temporary Global Senior Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Senior Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]
[Permanent Global Senior Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Senior Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event]
(N.B.  The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Senior Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples 
of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 
€199,000." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Senior Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Senior Note exchangeable for Definitive Senior 
Notes.)
[Registered Senior Notes:
[Global Senior Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]
(b)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No]

--- Page 100 ---
100
(c)
New Safekeeping Structure
[Yes][No]
26.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates)
27.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Senior Notes: 
[Yes, as the Senior Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
 [[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].   The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Aroundtown SA
By: .........................................................
Duly authorised
By: .........................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 101 ---
101
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
(i)
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been][will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Senior Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market and listing on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [and] [the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin and listing 
on the official list on Euronext Dublin's regulated 
market] with effect from [         ].] [Specify third 
country market, SME growth market or MTF]
(Where documenting a fungible issue, disclosure 
should indicate that the original Senior Notes are 
already admitted to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[         ] 
2.
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Senior Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] [have not been] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Senior 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally:] 
[[] by []] 
[(endorsed by [])] 
[[] and is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation"). As such, [] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its  
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Senior Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.)
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

--- Page 102 ---
102
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Senior Notes has an interest material to 
the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)
4.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Senior Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[[
] per cent. per annum
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield.] [Not Applicable]
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)
Trade Date:
[         ]
(ii)
ISIN:
[
]
(iii)
Common Code:
[
]
(iv)
CFI:
[include code]
(v)
FISN:
[include code]
(vi)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(viii)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(ix)
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Senior Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Senior Notes which 
are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Senior Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will depend

--- Page 103 ---
103
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Senior Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Senior Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper][include this text for Registered 
Senior Notes].  Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Senior Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]
6.
DISTRIBUTION 
(i)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(ii)
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]
(iii)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Senior Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Senior Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Senior 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)
(iv)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Senior Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Senior Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Senior 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 104 ---
104
7.
USE 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i)
Use of proceeds: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if use of proceeds different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[   ]

--- Page 105 ---
105
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES 
SUBORDINATED NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN 
ANY OTHER CURRENCY) OR MORE  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Subordinated Notes 
issued under the Programme which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
or more.  
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MiFIR Product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a "UK distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Subordinated 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution

--- Page 106 ---
106
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
amended or modified from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification 
of the Subordinated Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in 
the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]4
[Date] 
Aroundtown SA
société anonyme 
37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B217868 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900H4DWG3KWMBMQ39
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Subordinated Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 31 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus").  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com).
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated [5 October 2018/4 October 2019 [and the supplement to it dated 21 
February 2020]/13 October 2020/26 October 2021/2 May 2023] which are incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus dated 31 May 2024.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 31 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Subordinated Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products 
as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 107 ---
107
including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]
1.
(a)
Series Number:
[
]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[
]
(c)
Date on which the Subordinated 
Notes will be consolidated and form 
a single Series: 
The Subordinated Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] 
on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Subordinated Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Subordinated Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[
]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[
]
(b)
Tranche:
[
]
4.
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
5.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[
]
(N.B. Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent)
(N.B. where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed:
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000.  No 
Subordinated Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above €199,000."))
(b)
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions):
[         ]

--- Page 108 ---
108
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
N.B: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)
6.
(a)
Issue Date:
[
]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
7.
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes – Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [specify month and year]]/Undated]
8.
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Resettable 
Subordinated Note]
[[[         ] month] [EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR] +/- 
[
] per cent. Floating Rate Subordinated Note]
(see paragraph [13]/[14])
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Subordinated Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of 
their nominal amount][Not Applicable] 
(Specify 'Not Applicable' for Undated Subordinated 
Notes)
10.
Call Options:
[Issuer Call]
[Tax Event]
[Accounting Event]
[Rating Event]
[Gross-up Event] 
[Repurchase Event] 
[Change of Control Event]
[(see paragraph[s] [16]/[17]/[18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] 
below)]
[Not Applicable]
11.
Status of the Subordinated Notes:
[Dated/Undated] Subordinated Notes
12.
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Subordinated Notes obtained: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Subordinated Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13.
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note 
Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 109 ---
109
(a)
First Fixed Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year from and including [         ] [up 
to and including the Maturity Date]
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
(c)
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s) 
for 
Subordinated Notes in definitive 
form 
(and 
in 
relation 
to 
Subordinated Notes in global form 
see Conditions) and in respect of the 
period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset Date:
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d)
Broken 
Amount(s) 
for 
Subordinated Notes in definitive 
form 
(and 
in 
relation 
to 
Subordinated Notes in global form 
see Conditions):
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e)
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
(f)
Determination Date(s):
[[
] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon)
(g)
First Reset Date:
[
]
(h)
Reset Date(s): 
[The First Reset Date and each date falling on the 
[
] anniversary of the First Reset Date]/[
]
(i)
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate(s) and Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Mid 
Swaps/Reference Bond] 
[Relevant Financial Centre: [
]]
(j)
Margin: 
[In respect of (a) the Reset Period ending on (but 
excluding) [ ] 20[ ], [the initial credit spread] per 
cent.; (b) each Reset Period which falls in the period 
commencing on (and including) [ ] 20[ ] and ending 
on (but excluding) [  ] 20[ ], [the initial credit spread 
plus [ ] bps] per cent.; and (c) each Reset Period 
which falls on or after [  ] 20[  ], [the initial credit 
spread plus [ ] bps] per cent.]/[         ]

--- Page 110 ---
110
(k)
Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen 
Page:
[       ] 
(l)
Reset Determination Date(s):
[
]
(m)
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate 
Time:
[       ] 
(n)
Step Up Margin after Change of 
Control Event:
[       ] per cent. per annum 
(o)
Subsequent Reset Floating Leg 
Reference Rate:
[       ] 
(p)
Subsequent Reset Floating Leg 
Screen Page:
[       ] 
(q)
Initial Reset Reference Rate:
[
]
14.
Floating Rate Subordinated Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
(b)
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[
]
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):
[         ] (the "Calculation Agent") 
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Reference Rate: 
[[         ] month] [EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ]/[The day falling the number of London 
Banking Days included in the below SONIA 
Observation Look-Back Period prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which 
by its definition is excluded from the Interest

--- Page 111 ---
111
Period)]/The day falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in 
the below SOFR Observation Shift Period prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period ends 
(but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Interest Period)]
(The second day on which the TARGET System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR and the second Oslo business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[         ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 

SONIA 
Observation 
Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”)

SONIA Observation Look-
Back Period: 
[[     ] [London Banking Day[s]/Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”)

SOFR Observation Shift 
Period: 
[[     ] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day[s]/Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SOFR”)

Index Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 

Specified Time:
[         ] 
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Floating Rate Option:
[         ] 

Designated Maturity:
[         ] 

Reset Date:
[         ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period)
(h)
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [
] per cent. per annum
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum

--- Page 112 ---
112
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15.
Notice periods for Condition 7: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days
16.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Issuer Call Period: 
The period commencing on (and including) [day 
falling on applicable anniversary for the minimum 
period Notes to remain outstanding] and ending on 
(and including) [the Business Day immediately prior 
to the First Reset Date or the Floating Rate Call 
Date]
(b)
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.)
(c)
Fixed Reset Call Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date following the First 
Reset Date]/[Each Reset Date following the First 
Reset Date]/[Any date following the First Reset Date 
and the expiry of the notice of redemption given by 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7.2 as 
specified in such notice]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only relevant for Fixed Rate Resettable 
Subordinated Notes)
(d)
Floating Rate Call Date: 
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes)
17.
Tax Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
18.
Accounting Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 113 ---
113
19.
Rating Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
20.
Gross-up Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
21.
Repurchase Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
22.
Change of Control Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
23.
Final Redemption Amount:
[[
] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
24.
Form of Subordinated Notes:
(a)
Form: 
[Bearer Subordinated Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Subordinated 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Subordinated 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Subordinated Notes only upon an Exchange Event]
[Temporary 
Global 
Subordinated 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Subordinated Notes on 
and after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent Global Subordinated Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Subordinated Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event]
(N.B.  The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Subordinated Notes 
in paragraph 5 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "€100,000 and integral 
multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and 
including €199,000." Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Subordinated Notes which is 
to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Subordinated Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Subordinated Notes.)
[Registered Subordinated Notes:
[Global Subordinated Note registered in the name of 
a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]
(b)
New Global Subordinated Note:
No
(c)
New Safekeeping Structure:
No

--- Page 114 ---
114
25.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment)
26.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Subordinated Notes: 
[Yes, as the Subordinated Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Aroundtown SA:
By: .........................................................
Duly authorised
By: .........................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 115 ---
115
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
(i)
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been] [will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and listing on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[and] [the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext Dublin and listing on the official list on 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market] with effect 
from [         ].] [Specify third country market, SME 
growth market or MTF]
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[         ] 
2.
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Subordinated Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] [have not been] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Subordinated Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:] 
[[] by []] 
[(endorsed by [])] 
[[] and is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation"). As such, [] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Subordinated Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[The following paragraphs in italics do not form 
part of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
116
The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming any 
legal or contractual obligation) that it will only 
redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes to the 
extent that the equity credit of the Subordinated 
Notes to be redeemed or repurchased does not 
exceed the equity credit resulting from the sale or 
issuance prior to the date of such redemption or 
repurchase by the Issuer of securities to third party 
purchasers of securities (other than subsidiaries of 
the Issuer). 
The following exceptions apply as to the Issuer’s 
replacement intention. The Subordinated Notes are 
not required to be replaced if: 
(i)
the long-term corporate credit 
rating 
(or 
such 
equivalent 
nomenclature then used by [S&P]) 
assigned by [S&P] to the Issuer is 
at least equal to the long-term 
corporate credit rating on the date 
of the last additional hybrid 
issuance (excluding refinancing) 
and the Issuer is comfortable that 
such rating would not fall below this 
level as a result of such redemption 
or repurchase; or 
(ii)
less than (x) 10 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of 
hybrid securities outstanding in any 
period of 12 consecutive months or 
(y) 25 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
hybrid 
securities outstanding in any period 
of 
10 
consecutive 
years 
is 
repurchased or redeemed (taken 
together); or 
(iii)
the 
Subordinated 
Notes 
are 
redeemed pursuant to a Rating 
Event, an Accounting Event, a Tax 
Event, or a Gross-Up Event; or 
(iv)
in the case of repurchase or 
redemption, such repurchase or 
redemption 
would 
cause 
the 
Issuer’s 
outstanding 
hybrid 
securities which are assigned equity 
credit by [S&P] to remain below the 
maximum 
aggregate 
principal 
amount of hybrid securities which 
[S&P], under its then prevailing

--- Page 117 ---
117
methodology, would assign equity 
credit to based on the Issuer’s 
adjusted total capitalisation; or 
(v)
the Subordinated Notes are not 
assigned an "equity credit" (or such 
similar nomenclature then used by 
[S&P] 
at 
the 
time 
of 
such 
redemption or repurchase); or 
(vi)
such redemption or repurchase 
occurs on or after [ ].] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Undated Subordinated 
Notes)
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Subordinated Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)
4.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[[
] per cent. per annum 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield.] [Not Applicable]
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)
Trade Date:
[
]
(ii)
ISIN:
[
]
(iii)
Common Code:
[
]
(iv)
CFI:
[include code]
(v)
FISN:
[include code]
(vi)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 118 ---
118
(viii)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[         ][Not Applicable] 
6.
DISTRIBUTION 
(i)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(ii)
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]
(iii)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
Applicable
(iv)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
Applicable 
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)
7.
USE 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i)
Use of proceeds: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if use of proceeds different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[   ]

--- Page 119 ---
119
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT SENIOR NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Senior 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme.
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]5
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
5 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
in the EEA will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 120 ---
120
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
amended or modified from time to time, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification 
of the Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]7
 [Date] 
Aroundtown SA 
société anonyme 
37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B217868
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900H4DWG3KWMBMQ39 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer.] 8
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 31 May 2024 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the "Base Prospectus").  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.  Copies of the Base 
Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus].9
6 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should 
be specified to be "Applicable".
7 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Exempt Senior Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets 
products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018. 
8 Include relevant legend wording here for the EEA and/or UK, as applicable, if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction for that 
regime are not included/not specified to be "Applicable" (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, or a key information document will 
be prepared, under that regime).
9 Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under an Offering Circular with a different date.

--- Page 121 ---
121
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
1.
(a)
Series Number:
[
]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[
]
(c)
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 26 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[
]
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[
]
(b)
Tranche:
[
]
4.
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
5.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[
]
(b)
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions):
[         ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)
6.
(a)
Issue Date:
[
]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Senior Notes.)
7.
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]]
8.
Interest Basis:
[[
] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
[Index Linked Interest]

--- Page 122 ---
122
[Dual Currency Interest]
[specify other]
(further particulars specified below)
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par]
[Index Linked Redemption]
[Dual Currency Redemption]
[Partly Paid]
[Instalment]
[specify other]
10.
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable]
11.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Merger Put]
[Change of Control Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Make-Whole Redemption]
[(further particulars specified below)]
12.
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date [, provided that if any 
Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the 
next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day]
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions):
[         ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 123 ---
123
(d)
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e)
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual(ICMA)/Actual/365 
(Fixed)/specify other]
(f)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[          ]
(g)
[Determination Date(s):
[[
] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon]
(h)
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Senior Notes:
[None/Give details] 
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
(b)
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable]
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[
]
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined:
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(e)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent):
[         ] (the "Calculation Agent") 
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Reference Rate: 
[[         ] month] [EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR/specify 
other Reference Rate] (Either EURIBOR, NIBOR, 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily

--- Page 124 ---
124
SOFR or other, although additional information is 
required if other, including fallback provisions in the 
Agency Agreement.)

Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ]/[The day falling the number of London 
Banking Days included in the below SONIA 
Observation Look-Back Period prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which 
by its definition is excluded from the Interest 
Period)]/The day falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in 
the below SOFR Observation Shift Period prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period ends 
(but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Interest Period)] 
(The second day on which the TARGET System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR and the second Oslo business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[         ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)

SONIA 
Observation 
Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being “Compounded 
Daily SONIA”)

SONIA Observation Look-
Back Period: 
[[[     ] [London Banking Day[s]][Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being “Compounded 
Daily SONIA”)

SOFR Observation Shift 
Period: 
[[     ] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day[s]/Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being “Compounded 
Daily SOFR”)

Index Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Specified Time:
[
]
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Floating Rate Option:
[         ] 

Designated Maturity:
[         ]  

Reset Date:
[         ]

--- Page 125 ---
125
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(h)
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [
] per cent. per annum
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
30E/360 (ISDA)
[Other]
(m)
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Senior Notes, if 
different from those set out in the 
Conditions:
[         ] 
15.
Zero Coupon Senior Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[
] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[
]
(c)
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes which 
are Exempt Senior Notes:
[         ] 
(d)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]
16.
Index Linked Interest Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Index/Formula:
[give or annex details]

--- Page 126 ---
126
(b)
Calculation Agent
[give name]
(c)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):
[         ] 
(d)
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula is impossible 
or impracticable:
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(e)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[         ] 
(f)
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other]
(g)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[
]
(h)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(i)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[
] per cent. per annum
(j)
Day Count Fraction:
[
]
17.
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange:
[give or annex details] 
(b)
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent):
[         ] 
(c)
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable:
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(d)
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable:
[         ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18.
Notice periods for Condition 7.2 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days
19.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 127 ---
127
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] [Any Business Day (as defined in Condition 
5.2(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes) falling in the period from (and including) [  ] 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s):
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(c)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:
[         ] 
(ii)
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:
[         ] 
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.)
20.
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Make-whole Redemption Margin:
[[
] basis points/Not Applicable]
(b)
Reference Bond:
[CA Selected Bond/[
]]
(c)
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 
p.m. 
[Brussels/London/[       ]] 
time/Not 
Applicable]
(d)
Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date: 
[The [       ] Business Day preceding the [relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date/date on which the 
relevant notice of redemption is given]/Not 
Applicable]
(e)
Reference Bond Price:
[The [       ] price/Not Applicable] 
(f)
Relevant 
Make-whole 
Determination Time:
[[ ] [a.m./p.m.] [Brussels/London/[ ]] time/Not 
Applicable]
(g)
Make-whole Reference Source: 
[[ ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [ ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/Not Applicable]
(h)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 128 ---
128
(i)
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:
[       ] 
(ii)
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:
[       ] 
(i)
Reference Rate:
[Reference Bond Rate][Reference Swap Rate]
(j)
Relevant Make-whole Screen Page: 
[[ ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [ ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/[ ]/Not Applicable]
(k)
Floating Leg Reference Rate:
[
]
(l)
Floating Leg Screen Page:
[
]
21.
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[
]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s):
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.)
22.
Merger Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
Merger Redemption Amount:
[
] per Calculation Amount
23.
Change of Control Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
Change of Control Redemption Amount:
[
] per Calculation Amount
24.
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]
25.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]

--- Page 129 ---
129
of default and/or the method of calculating 
the same (if required]): 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26.
Form of Notes:
(a)
Form:
[Bearer Notes:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]
[Registered Notes:
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg]
(b)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No]
(c)
New Safekeeping Structure:
[Yes][No]
27.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 14(c) and 16(g) relate)
28.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No]
29.
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment.
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global 
Note may be required for Partly Paid issues] 
30.
Details relating to Instalment Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 130 ---
130
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Instalment Amount(s):
[give details]
(b)
Instalment Date(s):
[give details]
31.
Other terms or special conditions:
[Not Applicable/give details]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].   The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Signed on behalf of Aroundtown SA:
By: .........................................................
Duly authorised
By: .........................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 131 ---
131
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [         ] with effect from [         ].] [Not 
Applicable]
2.
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] [have not been] rated [insert details] by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)].
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the Base 
Prospectus) 
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers named 
below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer  and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests]
4.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)
Trade Date:
[
]
(ii)
ISIN:
[
]
(iii)
Common Code:
[
]
(iv)
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(v)
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(vi)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 132 ---
132
(viii)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(ix)
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Notes].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]
5.
DISTRIBUTION 
(i)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(ii)
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]
(iii)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 133 ---
133
(iv)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)
(vi)
Additional selling restrictions:
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes)

--- Page 134 ---
134
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Senior Note (as defined below) and each definitive Senior Note, in the latter case only if permitted 
by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Senior Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Tranche of Exempt Senior Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms 
and Conditions for the purpose of such Senior Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Senior Note and definitive Senior Note.  Reference 
should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Senior Notes.
This Senior Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Senior Notes issued by Aroundtown SA (the "Issuer") 
constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "Trust Deed") dated 31 May 2024 made between the Issuer and M&G Trustee Company Limited 
(the "Trustee", which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the "Senior Notes" shall be references to the Senior Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a)
in relation to any Senior Notes represented by a global Senior Note (a "Global Senior Note"), units 
of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b)
any Global Senior Note; and 
(c)
any definitive Senior Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Senior Notes") issued in exchange for a Global 
Senior Note in bearer form; and 
(d)
any definitive Senior Notes in registered form ("Registered Senior Notes") (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Global Senior Note in registered form). 
The Senior Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 31 May 2024 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of 
New York Mellon, acting through its London branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the "Principal 
Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying 
agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall 
include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar) and a transfer 
agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which 
expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents).  The Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents, and 
other Transfer Agents together referred to as the "Agents". 
The final terms for this Senior Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Senior Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") 
or, if this Senior Note is a Senior Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 nor offered in 
(i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case 
may be (an "Exempt Senior Note"), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A 
of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified

--- Page 135 ---
135
or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this 
Senior Note.  References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Senior Note.  Any reference in the 
Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing 
Supplement where relevant. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Senior Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Bearer 
Senior Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons 
for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless 
the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Exempt Senior Notes in 
definitive bearer form which are repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue.  Registered Senior Notes and Global 
Senior Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the  Senior Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Senior Notes) the holders of the Senior Notes and (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) the persons in whose 
name the Senior Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Senior Notes represented by a Global Senior 
Note, be construed as provided below), the holders of the Receipts (the "Receiptholders") and the holders of 
the Coupons (the "Couponholders", which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the 
holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Senior Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Senior Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Senior Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and 
date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Senior 
Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee or any Paying Agents and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be).  
If the Senior Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. If this Senior 
Note is an Exempt Senior Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Senior 
Noteholder holding one or more Senior Notes and such Senior Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Senior Notes and identity.  The Senior 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which 
are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 136 ---
136
1.
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Senior Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, in the case of definitive Senior Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified 
Currency") and the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Senior Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Senior Notes of 
another Specified Denomination and Bearer Senior Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Senior 
Notes and vice versa. 
Unless this Senior Note is an Exempt Senior Note, this Senior Note may be a Fixed Rate Senior Note, 
a Floating Rate Senior Note or a Zero Coupon Senior Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Senior Note is an Exempt Senior Note, this Senior Note may be a Fixed Rate Senior Note, a 
Floating Rate Senior Note, a Zero Coupon Senior Note, an Index Linked Interest Senior Note, a Dual 
Currency Interest Senior Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If this Senior Note is an Exempt Senior Note, this Senior Note may also be an Index Linked 
Redemption Senior Note, an Instalment Senior Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Senior Note, a 
Partly Paid Senior Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Senior Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Senior 
Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery 
and title to the Registered Senior Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon and the 
registered holder of any Registered Senior Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Senior Note, without prejudice to the provisions 
set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Senior Notes is represented by a Global Senior Note held on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream,
Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Senior Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Senior Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Senior Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on 
such nominal amount of such Senior Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global 
Senior Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Senior Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Senior Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Senior Note and the expressions 
"Senior Noteholder" and "holder of Senior Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Senior Notes 
as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall,

--- Page 137 ---
137
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Senior Notes which are represented by a Global Senior Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be.  References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2.
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED SENIOR NOTES 
2.1
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Senior Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Senior Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Senior Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Senior Notes in definitive form or for 
a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Senior Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement. 
2.2
Transfers of Registered Senior Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Senior Note in definitive form may be 
transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  
In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Senior 
Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Senior Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Senior Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly 
executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and 
(ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent 
and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents 
of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe.  
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with 
any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) 
send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Senior Note 
in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Senior Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Senior Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered 
Senior Note in definitive form, a new Registered Senior Note in definitive form in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Senior Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the 
risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Senior Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any Registered Senior Note, or part of a Registered Senior Note, called for 
partial redemption.

--- Page 138 ---
138
2.4
Costs of registration 
Senior Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured 
mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, 
tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3.
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES  
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
4.
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Senior Notes remains outstanding: 
(a)
the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any Security Interest (other than a Permitted 
Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, 
assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Capital Markets Indebtedness 
(as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before 
or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to 
ensure that: 
(i)
all amounts payable by it under the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed are secured by 
the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Capital Markets Indebtedness to 
the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(ii)
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving 
of a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute discretion 
deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Senior Noteholders or (B) 
as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Senior Noteholders; and 
In these Conditions: 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any present or future obligation for the payment of borrowed 
money (including obligations by reason of any guarantee or other liability agreement for such 
obligations of third parties) which is in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes or other securities 
which are, with the consent of the Issuer, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on 
a stock exchange, over-the-counter-market or other recognised securities market;
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a)
any Security Interest of a company existing at the time that such company is merged into, or 
consolidated with or acquired by, the Issuer or any other member of the Group (as the case 
may be), provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of, and the 
principal amount secured has not increased in contemplation of or since, such merger, 
consolidation or acquisition; 
(b)
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by the 
Issuer or any other member of the Group (as the case may be), provided that such Security

--- Page 139 ---
139
Interest was not created in contemplation of, and the principal amount secured has not 
increased in contemplation of or since, such acquisition; 
(c)
any Security Interest granted by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection 
with a Securitisation or Project Financing; or  
(d)
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of subparagraphs (a) 
to (c) (inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security Interest (i) 
the principal amount secured has not increased and (ii) the Security Interest has not been 
extended to any additional assets; 
"Project Finance Company" means a special purpose company whose sole business comprises a 
Project and the ownership, maintenance, improvement, operation and exploitation of the assets of that 
Project; 
"Project Financing" means any financing of all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction, 
development or operation of any assets (a "Project"), provided that (i) any Security Interest created 
by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection therewith is limited solely to such assets 
or the Share Capital of a Project Finance Company relating to that Project, and (ii) the documentation 
in respect of such financing provides for recourse to be limited to the assets financed and the revenues 
(including insurance proceeds) derived from such assets as the principal source of repayment for the 
money borrowed; 
"Securitisation" means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided that 
(i) any Security Interest given in connection therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues 
which are the subject of the securitisation; and (ii) recourse in respect of such securitisation is limited 
to the assets and/or revenues so securitised as the principal source of repayment for the money 
advanced; and 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, or security interest or any 
other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 
5.
INTEREST 
5.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Senior Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Senior Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Senior Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Senior Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 140 ---
140
(a)
in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes which are represented by (i) a Global Senior Note or 
(ii) Registered Senior Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
(A) the Fixed Rate Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note or (B) such 
Registered Senior Notes (or in each case, if they are Partly Paid Senior Notes, the aggregate 
amount paid up); or 
(b)
in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes which are Bearer Senior Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.  
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Fixed Rate Senior Notes, which are 
Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes 
which are Bearer Senior Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Senior Note which is a Bearer Senior Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Senior Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(ii)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A)
in the case of Senior Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(B)
in the case of Senior Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and

--- Page 141 ---
141
(iii)
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2
Interest on Floating Rate Senior Notes 
(a)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Senior Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an "Interest 
Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, "Interest Period" 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Floating 
Rate Senior Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 142 ---
142
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b)
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System (known as TARGET or T2) or any successor or replacement for that system 
(the "TARGET System") is open; and 
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET System is open. 
(b)
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Senior Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Senior Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 143 ---
143
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes not referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is neither Compounded 
Daily SONIA nor Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(A)
the offered quotation; or 
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") or the Norwegian interbank offered rate ("NIBOR"), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time, in the case of NIBOR) (such time, the "Reference Time") on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case 
as at the Reference Time, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Reference Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall 
be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the

--- Page 144 ---
144
request of) the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Reference Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Reference Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank market (if 
the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the  relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 5.2(b)(ii) the expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone interbank market, and in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office 
of four major banks in the Norwegian interbank market, in each case selected by the Issuer 
and approved in writing by the Trustee. 
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
(A)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified as being "Compounded Daily SONIA", the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect 
to such Interest Period plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, all as determined and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
(I) 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):  
((𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 y
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 x −1) 𝑥365
𝑑
where:

--- Page 145 ---
145
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" is the SONIA Compounded Index value for 
the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" is the SONIA Compounded Index value for 
the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
the relevant Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
provided that if the SONIA Compounded Index value required to determine 
SONIA Compounded Indexx  or SONIA Compounded Indexy does not appear 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source on which the compounded daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank 
of England (or any successor administrator of SONIA), at the Specified Time 
on the relevant London Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. London time or such later 
time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication of 
the SONIA Compounded Index in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate or 
SONIA authorised distributors, as the case may be), then Compounded Daily 
SONIA for such Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period shall be 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" determined in accordance with paragraph (II) 
below and for these purposes  the "SONIA Observation Method" shall be 
deemed to be "Shift"; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 5.2(b)(iii)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 5.2(b)(iii)(A)(I) above, the 
rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms 
"Lag" is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest 
Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in (where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Lag" is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as 
the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified 
as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in 
d
n
SONIA
o
d
i
i
pLBD
-
i
365
1
365
1
1





















--- Page 146 ---
146
the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"ni", for any London Banking Day "i", is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(a)
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling 
in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such London 
Banking Day "i"; or 
(b)
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, "SONIAi-pLBD" shall be replaced in the above 
formula with "SONIAi", where "SONIAi" means, in respect of any 
London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such London Banking Day "i". 
(B)
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be:  
(I) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, the 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or the Minimum Rate of Interest  (as the case 
may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest  (as applicable) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(II) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Floating Rate 
Senior Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Floating Rate Senior 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and 
applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period). 
(C)         For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(iii): 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"p" means the number of London Banking Days included in the SONIA Observation 
Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SONIA" has the meaning given to it in the definition of SONIA Reference Rate; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
compounded daily SONIA rate as published by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) as such rate appears on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source on which the compounded daily SONIA 
rate is published by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA), at 
the Specified Time on such London Banking Day;

--- Page 147 ---
147
"SONIA Observation Look-Back Period" means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"SONIA Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling p London Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) to 
authorised distributors (the "SONIA authorised distributors") and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by the SONIA authorised distributors) on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day, provided that if, in respect of 
any London Banking Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made available 
on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the SONIA 
authorised distributors by 5.00 p.m. London time, then (unless the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has been notified of any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) pursuant to Condition 5.3 below, if applicable) the SONIA Reference 
Rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be: 
(I) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
London time (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; 
plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference 
Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); 
or 
(II) 
if the Bank Rate described in (I) above is not available at such time on such 
London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the SONIA authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
SONIA authorised distributors); and 
"Specified Time" means 10:00 a.m., London time, or such other time as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.
(iv)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
(A)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest 
Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period,

--- Page 148 ---
148
(I)
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
(
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × (
360
𝑑)
where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for the 
relevant Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR IndexStart
or SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the 
Specified Time on the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or 
by 3:00 pm New York City time on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or such later time falling one hour after 
the customary or scheduled time for publication of the SOFR Index value in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator 
of SOFR Index), "Compounded Daily SOFR" for such Interest Period and each 
Interest Period thereafter will be determined in accordance with Condition 
5.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) below; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 5.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 5.2(b)(iv)(A)(I) above, the 
rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period;

--- Page 149 ---
149
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
"SOFRi"means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference 
Rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
(B) 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement is at any time required to be used pursuant to 
paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, will determine the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement in accordance with the definition thereof with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, and if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
applicable, has so determined the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, then: 
(I) 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, shall also 
determine the method for determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (a) 
of paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, 
as applicable (including (i) the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service on or source from which such rate appears or is obtained 
(the "Alternative Relevant Source"), (ii) the time at which such rate appears 
on, or is obtained from, the Alternative Relevant Source (the "Alternative 
Specified Time"), (iii) the day on which such rate will appear on, or is obtained 
from, the Alternative Relevant Source in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the "Alternative Relevant Date"), and (iv) any 
alternative method for determining such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative 
Specified Time on the applicable Alternative Relevant Date), which method 
shall be consistent with industry-accepted practices for such rate; 
(II) 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time shall 
in these Conditions be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified 
Time; 
(III) if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, 
determine that (i) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation 
Period, SOFR Observation Shift Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or (ii) any other technical changes to any 
other provision in this Condition 5.2(b)(iv), are necessary in order to implement 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including any alternative method 
described in sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (I) above) as the SOFR 
Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, decide 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the 
case may be, determine that no market practice for use of the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark

--- Page 150 ---
150
Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determine is reasonably necessary), the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer and without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Senior Noteholders use their 
reasonable endeavours to effect the necessary modifications to these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement (including, inter alia, 
by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and, if 
required, the Agency Agreement in a form which is acceptable to the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable) in order 
to provide for the amendment of such definitions or other provisions to reflect 
such changes; and 
(IV) the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as 
practicable to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, and to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15, specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well as the 
details described in paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented 
pursuant to paragraph (III) above. The Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall not be liable to any party for 
any consequences thereof and any amendments implemented pursuant to 
paragraph (III) above shall not increase the obligations or duties, or decrease 
the rights or protections, of the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Trustee, as applicable, in these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Trust Deed unless agreed in writing between the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(iv): 
"Corresponding Tenor" means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a 
tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any 
applicable Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the 
spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be 
applied to such ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, 
the rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions 
that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"p" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
SOFR Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto;

--- Page 151 ---
151
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily 
secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate); 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the daily SOFR or the SOFR Index, as applicable); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Benchmark" means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to SOFR or such other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then "SOFR Benchmark" 
means the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(2) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, provided that, (i) if the Issuer or 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determine that 
there is an industry-accepted replacement rate of interest for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, it shall 
select such industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall select such rate of 
interest that it has determined is most comparable to the then-current 
Benchmark, and the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means, with respect to any SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 152 ---
152
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that 
has been selected by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if 
any, to be applied to the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Senior 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the purposes of 
determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment shall be 
consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, applied to such Unadjusted 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement where it has replaced the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent" means such person that has been 
appointed by the Issuer (at its own cost) to make the calculations and determinations 
to be made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described in this Condition 
5.2(b)(iv) that may be made by either the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or 
the Issuer, so long as such person is a leading bank or other financial institution or a 
person with appropriate expertise, in each case that is experienced in such calculations 
and determinations. The Issuer may elect, but is not required, to appoint a SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent at any time. The Issuer will notify the Senior 
Noteholders of any such appointment in accordance with Condition 15;
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date" means, with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified 
Time for such determination; 
"SOFR Benchmark Transition Event" means, with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency 
of the SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction

--- Page 153 ---
153
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the compounded daily SOFR rate as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), 
as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the Specified Time on 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from such Interest Period);  
"SOFR Observation Shift Period" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"SOFR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
appearing on the SOFR Administrator’s Website on or about the Specified Time 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (1) above, unless the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determine that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website; or 
(3) 
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determine that 
a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (or, if the then-current SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior 
to the Specified Time on the Alternative Relevant Date), then (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this paragraph (3)) from (and including) the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S.

--- Page 154 ---
154
Government Securities Business Day (or the Alternative Relevant Date, as 
applicable) (the "Affected Day"), the SOFR Reference Rate shall mean, in 
respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the applicable SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
appearing on, or obtained from, the Alternative Relevant Source at the 
Alternative Specified Time on the Alternative Relevant Date; 
"Specified Time" means 3:00 p.m., New York City time or such other time as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) that is not a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association or any successor organisation recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 5.2(b)(iv), if the Issuer has 
appointed a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent and such SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent is unable to determine whether a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event has occurred or, following the occurrence of a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, has not selected the SOFR Benchmark Replacement as of the related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date, in accordance with this Condition 5.2(b)(iv) then, in 
such case, the Issuer shall make such determination or select the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as the case may be.  
(E)  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this Condition 5.2(b)(iv), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event (including any determination that a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will 
be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero.

--- Page 155 ---
155
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Senior Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes which are (a) represented by a Global Senior Note 
or (b) Registered Senior Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of (x) the Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note or (y) such Registered Senior 
Notes (or, in each case, if they are Partly Paid Senior Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); 
or 
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes which are Bearer Senior Notes in definitive form, 
the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Senior Note which is a Bearer Senior Note in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Senior 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2: 
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii)
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360








--- Page 156 ---
156
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
















360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360








--- Page 157 ---
157
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e)
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, for such purposes.  
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
(i) 
Except where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "Compounded Daily SONIA" or 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Senior Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each 
Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment 
will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Senior 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day

--- Page 158 ---
158
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for general business in London. 
(ii) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "Compounded Daily SONIA" or 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Senior Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each 
Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than (1) where the applicable Final 
Terms specifies the Reference Rate as "Compounded Daily SONIA", the second London 
Banking Day thereafter or (2) where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate 
as "Compounded Daily SOFR", the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Senior Notes are for the time being 
listed and to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(g)
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Senior 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders 
shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 5.2, above (in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes 
other than where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded 
Daily SOFR, in which case the provisions of this Condition  5.3 shall not apply), if the Issuer, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to that Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this 
Condition 5.3 shall apply. 
(a)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders of such Successor Rate and that 
Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.3(b) subsequently be 
used by the Principal Paying Agent in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5.3).

--- Page 159 ---
159
If there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determines that there is an Alternative Rate, then the Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior 
Noteholders of such Alternative Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5.3(b)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 5.3). 
(b)
Adjustment Spread 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate, an Adjustment Spread is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, then the 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, 
the Senior Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply 
such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate. 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is formally recommended 
or provided as an option by any Relevant Nominating Body, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate, the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources 
as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, 
determines that there is an Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
15, the Senior Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall 
apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate and the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
If no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, or the Issuer so determines that there is no such Adjustment Spread in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets and the Issuer further 
determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then the Adjustment Spread shall be: 
(i)
the Adjustment Spread determined by the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and following consultation with an Independent Adviser, as being the 
Adjustment Spread recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or  
(ii)
if there is no such industry standard recognised or acknowledged, such Adjustment 
Spread as the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines to be appropriate, having 
regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of 
reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the 
Senior Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 160 ---
160
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders of 
such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply such Adjustment Spread 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
(c)
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5.3 and the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determines in its discretion (A) that amendments to these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer and 
subject to the Issuer having given notice thereof (including notice of the information referred 
to in (A) and (B) above) to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Senior Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Senior Noteholders, use their reasonable endeavours to effect the necessary modifications to 
these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement as may be required in order 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust 
Deed and, if required, the Agency Agreement in a form which is acceptable to the Trustee and 
the Principal Paying Agent) and the Trustee and/or the Principal Paying Agent shall not be 
liable to any party for any consequences thereof and any Benchmark Amendments shall not 
increase the obligations or duties, or decrease the rights or protections, of the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Trustee, as applicable, in these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement and/or 
the Trust Deed unless agreed in writing between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Trustee, as applicable . 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 5.3(c), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Senior Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading.  
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.3(c) shall be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, 
the Senior Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of such Benchmark Amendments. 
(d)
Independent Adviser 
In the event the Issuer is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any 
determination to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.3 or Condition 5.2(e) 
above, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.3 or Condition 5.2(e) above 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud 
or wilful default) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee or the Senior 
Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.3 or 
Condition 5.2(e) above or otherwise in connection with the Senior Notes.

--- Page 161 ---
161
If the Issuer consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is an Alternative Rate 
and/or any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in relation to the quantum of, 
or any formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread and/or whether any 
Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or in relation to the terms of any such Benchmark 
Amendments, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be 
conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence 
of fraud or wilful default) the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever to the Senior 
Noteholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to that matter in 
accordance with any such written determination. 
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Senior Notes (acting in such 
capacity), shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Senior Noteholders. 
(e)
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5.3, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2, the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless 
and until the Issuer has determined the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of this Condition 5.3. 
(f)
Definitions 
In this Condition 5.3: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for calculating 
a spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may in either case be 
positive or negative and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) where the Original Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with this Condition 5.3 is used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Senior Notes; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(ii)
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to such specified date; 
(iii)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, is prohibited from being used or is no longer representative, or that its 
use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences or, where such discontinuation, 
prohibition, loss of representativeness, restrictions or adverse consequences are to

--- Page 162 ---
162
apply from a specified date after the making of any public statement to such effect, 
the later of the date of the making of such public statement and the date falling six 
months prior to such specified date; or 
(iv)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or the Issuer to determine any Rate of Interest 
and/or calculate any Interest Amount using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 or Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, if applicable). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate experience appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Senior Notes (provided that if, 
following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.4
Exempt Senior Notes 
In the case of Exempt Senior Notes which are also Floating Rate Senior Notes where the applicable 
Pricing Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if 
the Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other 
than EURIBOR, NIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Exempt Senior Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Senior Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Senior Notes or Floating Rate Senior Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Senior Notes are Index Linked Interest 
Senior Notes the provisions of Condition 5.2 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Senior Notes and to the Agent were

--- Page 163 ---
163
references to Index Linked Interest Senior Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided 
further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Senior Notes (other than Partly Paid Senior Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Senior Notes), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Senior Notes 
and otherwise as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.5
Accrual of interest 
Each Senior Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Senior Note, that part only of such 
Senior Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Senior Note have been paid; and 
(b)
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
6.
PAYMENTS 
6.1
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
6.2
Presentation of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Senior Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Senior Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).

--- Page 164 ---
164
Fixed Rate Senior Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Senior Notes (as defined 
below)) and save as provided in Condition 6.4 should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Senior Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Senior Note or Long Maturity Senior Note in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Senior Note" is a Fixed Rate 
Senior Note (other than a Fixed Rate Senior Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Senior Note 
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Senior Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Senior 
Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Senior Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Senior Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Senior Note. 
6.3
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Senior Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Senior Notes represented by any Global Senior 
Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to definitive Bearer Senior Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Senior 
Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Senior 
Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment 
made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made 
either on such Global Senior Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Senior Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, other than 
the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 
6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer 
Senior Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Each Receipt must be presented for payment 
of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Bearer Senior Note to which it appertains.  
Receipts presented without the definitive Bearer Senior Note to which they appertain do not constitute 
valid obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the date on which any definitive Bearer Senior Note becomes

--- Page 165 ---
165
due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Senior Note or Index Linked Senior Note in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
6.5
Payments in respect of Registered Senior Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of 
each Registered Senior Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Senior Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by 
transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) 
of the Registered Senior Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Senior Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.  For these purposes, 
"Designated Account" means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non 
resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Senior Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the 
due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Senior Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being 
for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before 
the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date").  
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Senior Note on redemption and the final 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Senior Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Senior Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Senior Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.6
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Senior Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Senior Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder

--- Page 166 ---
166
of a particular nominal amount of Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Senior Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Senior Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Senior Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if: 
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Senior Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States and other applicable law without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.7
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay.  For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i)
in the case of Senior Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii)
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii)
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET System is open; and 
(b)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET System is open. 
6.8
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Senior Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable:

--- Page 167 ---
167
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Senior Notes; 
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Senior Notes; 
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Senior Notes; 
(e)
in relation to Exempt Senior Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(f)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Senior Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Senior Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant 
to the Trust Deed. 
7.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Senior Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.9, the Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Senior Note is not a Floating Rate Senior Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Senior Note is a Floating Rate Senior Note), on giving not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of 
such notice that: 
(a)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Senior Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 8) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Senior Notes; and 
(b)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Senior Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Senior Noteholders (i) a certificate signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem

--- Page 168 ---
168
have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Senior Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.9 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole 
discretion, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Senior Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of 
a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Senior Notes, the Senior Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed 
Senior Notes") will (i) in the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by definitive Senior Notes, 
be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in 
the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by a Global Senior Note, be selected in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion).  In the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by definitive Senior Notes, a list 
of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Senior Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 
15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.   
7.4
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-whole) 
(i)
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may at its sole discretion, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable, 
subject as provided below, and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the "Make-whole 
Redemption Date")), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Senior Notes then outstanding on any Make-
whole Redemption Date and at the Make-whole Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date. If 
redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(ii)
In the case of a partial redemption of Senior Notes, the Redeemed Senior Notes will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by definitive 
Senior Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Senior 
Notes represented by a Global Senior Note, on a Selection Date not more than 30 days prior 
to the Make-whole Redemption Date. In the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by

--- Page 169 ---
169
definitive Senior Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Senior Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. No exchange of the relevant Global Senior Note will be permitted during 
the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the Make-whole 
Redemption Date pursuant to this Condition 7.4 and notice to that effect shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to 
the Selection Date. 
(iii)
In this Condition 7.4, "Make-whole Redemption Amount" means: 
(A) the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Senior Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on the Senior Notes to be redeemed (not including any 
portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the 
Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis (calculated on the basis of the applicable 
Day Count Fraction in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
Condition 5.1 or Condition 5.2, as the case may be) at the Reference Rate plus the Make-
whole Redemption Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
"CA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Calculation Agent as having a maturity 
comparable to the remaining term of the Senior Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Senior Notes; 
"Calculation Agent" means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank or other independent 
institution with appropriate expertise appointed by the relevant Issuer for the purposes of calculating 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15; 
"Make-whole Mid-Swap Rate Quotations" means the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual or 
annual, as applicable, fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments 
in the Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency with a term equal to the remaining term of the Senior Notes or the applicable swap rates for 
the next shorter and next longer periods of time where the Reference Swap Rate is to be calculated by 
reference to linear interpolation commencing in each case on the Make-whole Redemption Date and 
in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where 
the floating leg (in each case calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in the Specified Currency), is equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the 
Senior Notes if (a) Screen Rate Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg 
Reference Rate and (c) the Make-whole Relevant Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page or, 
if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or the Floating Leg Reference Rate is not so available 
on such Make-whole Relevant Screen Page, where such floating leg is equivalent to the rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent) acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate, customarily used for setting rates comparable to the applicable rates for the fixed leg of 
such a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction;  
"Make-whole Reference Bank Rate" means, in relation to the Make-whole Redemption Date, the 
percentage determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the applicable Make-whole Mid-Swap 
Rate Quotations provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reference Rate Determination Date. The Calculation Agent 
will request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate(s). If

--- Page 170 ---
170
at least three quotations are provided, the applicable rate for the Make-whole Redemption Date will 
be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only 
two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one 
quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Calculation 
Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent), acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; 
"Reference Bond" means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Calculation Agent advises the 
Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security specified is not appropriate for 
such purpose, such other central bank or government security as the Calculation Agent may, with the 
advice of Reference Market Makers, determine to be appropriate; 
"Reference Bond Price" means the price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its 
principal amount) specified in the applicable Final Terms appearing on the Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page at the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time or, if no such Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page is specified or such price does not appear on the Relevant Make-whole Screen Page at 
the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time, such price as is published in such other Make-whole 
Reference Source specified in the applicable Final Terms at or around the Relevant Make-whole 
Determination Time or, if no such Make-whole Reference Source is specified or such price is not so 
published (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market Maker Quotations, (ii) if 
the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than one, such Reference Market Maker 
Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference Market Maker 
Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained; 
"Reference Market Maker Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and 
any Make-whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid 
and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Market Makers" means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the Reference 
Bond selected by the Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the market for securities 
such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Make-whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, appearing on the Relevant Make-
whole Screen Page at the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time, or, if no such Relevant Make-
whole Screen Page is specified or such yield does not appear on the Relevant Make-whole Screen 
Page at the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time, such yield as is published in such other Make-
whole Reference Source specified in the applicable Final Terms at or around the Relevant Make-whole 
Determination Time or, if no such Make-whole Reference Source is specified or such yield is not so 
published, calculated using a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Make-whole Redemption Date. The Reference 
Bond Rate will be calculated on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means either the Reference Bond Rate or the Reference Swap Rate as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 171 ---
171
"Reference Swap Rate" means the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity that would result 
from a calculation of such yield based on the rate, expressed as a percentage, for the Make-whole 
Redemption Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the semi-annual or 
annual swap rate, respectively for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the 
Maturity Date or if, in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Senior Notes an interpolated rate 
would be utilised, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to the two semi-annual or annual swap rates, as applicable, one of which shall be the 
applicable swap rate for the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the remaining term of the Senior Notes and the other of which shall be the applicable swap rate for the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the remaining term of the 
Senior Notes provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent), acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate, which 
rate in each case appears on the Relevant Make-whole Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reference Rate Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If such rate does not appear on the Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page, the Reference Swap Rate for the Make-whole Redemption Date will be the Make-whole 
Reference Bank Rate for the remaining term of the Senior Notes or the next shorter and next longer 
such rates as applicable; 
"Relevant Make-whole Screen Page" means the display page on the relevant service as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such 
other equivalent information service as determined by the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of 
displaying equivalent or comparable rates to the (A) yield to maturity or specified price of the 
Reference Bond or (B) relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an 
equivalent maturity to the Maturity Date, as the case may be, or, in the case of (B), the next shorter 
and next longer such rates as applicable; 
"Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the remaining term of the Senior Notes or the 
next shorter and next longer such rates as applicable, as selected by the Issuer and approved in writing 
by the Trustee; and 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
7.5
Redemption at the option of the Senior Noteholders (Investor Put) (other than a Change of 
Control Put or a Merger Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Senior Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Senior Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Senior Note the holder of this Senior Note must, if 
this Senior Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Senior Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office

--- Page 172 ---
172
of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.5 and, in the case 
of Registered Senior Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Senior Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which 
a new Registered Senior Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Senior Notes is to be sent 
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2.  If this Senior Note is in definitive 
bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Senior Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Senior Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control. 
If this Senior Note is represented by a Global Senior Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Senior Note 
the holder of this Senior Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Senior Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and 
the Trustee has declared the Senior Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10, in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant 
to this Condition 7.5. 
7.6
Merger Put 
If (a) Merger Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) at any time 
while this Senior Note remains outstanding, a Merger occurs (a "Merger Put Event"), the holder of 
each Senior Note will have the option (the "Merger Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the 
Merger Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the 
Senior Notes under Condition 7.2) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to purchase 
or procure the purchase of this Senior Note on the Merger Redemption Date (as defined below), at the 
Merger Redemption Amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) 
accrued interest (if applicable) to (but excluding) the Merger Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Merger Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall, and 
upon the Trustee becoming so aware (the Issuer having failed to do so) the Trustee may, give notice 
(a "Merger Put Event Notice") to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 specifying 
the nature of the Merger Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising 
the Merger Put Option. 
To exercise the Merger Put Option:  
(a)
if this Senior Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the holder of this Senior Note must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Registrar falling within the period (the "Merger Put Period") of 30 days after that on 
which the Merger Put Event Notice is given, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise 
in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Merger Put Exercise Notice") and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition

--- Page 173 ---
173
7.6 and, in the case of Registered Senior Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed 
and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Senior Notes so surrendered is to 
be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Senior Note in respect of the balance of 
such Registered Senior Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2.2.  If this Senior Note is in definitive bearer form, the Merger Put Exercise Notice 
must be accompanied by this Senior Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent 
concerned that this Senior Note will, following delivery of the Merger Put Exercise Notice, 
be held to its order or under its control, and all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto shall be dealt with as per the provisions of Condition 6.2; and 
(b)
if this Senior Note is represented by a Global Senior Note or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the holder of this Senior Note must, within 
the Merger Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them 
to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Senior Notes in 
respect of which the Merger Put Option has been validly exercised on the Merger Redemption Date.  
Any Merger Put Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of any Senior Note pursuant 
to this Condition 7.6 shall be irrevocable except (i) with the prior consent of the Issuer or (ii) where, 
prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has accelerated 
the Senior Notes, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw 
the Merger Put Exercise Notice or such other notice and instead to treat its Senior Notes as being 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Merger Put Event or Merger or any event 
which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Merger Put Event or Merger has occurred 
and, until it shall have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the 
Trustee may assume that no Merger Put Event or Merger or other such event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.6: 
(a) 
A "Merger" means an operation under the laws of Luxembourg and/or other applicable law 
whereby the Issuer is acquired by another existing company (the absorbing company) or by a 
new company and the Issuer is, as a result of the merger, dissolved without going into 
liquidation (and includes, for the avoidance of doubt, a domestic Luxembourg merger and a 
cross-border merger); 
(b)
"Merger Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Merger, and (ii) ending on the date which is 90 days after the 
date on which the relevant Merger occurs; and 
(c)
"Merger Redemption Date" means the tenth day after the date of expiry of the Merger Put 
Period. 
7.7
Change of Control Put 
If (a) Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) at 
any time while this Senior Note remains outstanding, a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder

--- Page 174 ---
174
of each Senior Note will have the option (the "Change of Control Put Option") (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its 
intention to redeem the Senior Notes under Condition 7.2) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, to purchase or procure the purchase of this Senior Note on the Change of Control 
Redemption Date (as defined below), at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with (or, 
where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest (if applicable) to (but excluding) 
the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall, and upon the Trustee becoming so aware (the Issuer having failed to do so) the Trustee may, 
give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event, the circumstances giving rise 
to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option:  
(a)
if this Senior Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the holder of this Senior Note must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Registrar falling within the period (the "Change of Control Put Period") of 30 days after 
that on which the Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, a duly completed and signed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office 
of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Change of Control Put Exercise 
Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition 7.7 and, in the case of Registered Senior Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Senior Notes 
so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Senior Note in respect 
of the balance of such Registered Senior Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 2.2.  If this Senior Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change 
of Control Put Exercise Notice must be accompanied by this Senior Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Senior Note will, following delivery of 
the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control, and all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto shall be dealt with as per the 
provisions of Condition 6.2; and 
(b)
if this Senior Note is represented by a Global Senior Note or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the holder of this Senior Note must, within 
the Change of Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may 
be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Senior Notes in 
respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised on the Change of 
Control Redemption Date.  
Any Change of Control Put Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of any Senior 
Note pursuant to this Condition 7.7 shall be irrevocable except (i) with the prior consent of the Issuer 
or (ii) where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee 
has accelerated the Senior Notes, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the

--- Page 175 ---
175
Issuer to withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice or such other notice and instead to treat 
its Senior Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event or Change of 
Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control 
Put Event or Change of Control has occurred and, until it shall have actual knowledge or notice 
pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of Control Put 
Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.7: 
(a)
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred when a person or persons (in each 
case, other than Avisco Limited and/or Avisco Group Limited and/or Gabrilet Limited and/or 
Vergepoint Limited and/or persons that are, directly or indirectly, Controlled by them, 
individually or jointly) acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such 
person(s) (the "Relevant Person(s)") directly or indirectly acquire Control of the Issuer; 
(b)
A "Change of Control Put Event" shall be deemed to have occurred when a Change of 
Control occurs and, immediately prior to the commencement of the Change of Control Period, 
the Issuer carries (with the agreement of the Issuer) from any Rating Agency: (x) an 
investment grade credit rating (Baa3 by Moody’s, BBB- by S&P, BBB- by Fitch, or 
equivalent, or better), and such rating from any Rating Agency is, within the Change of 
Control Period, either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1 by Moody’s, 
BB+ by S&P, BB+ by Fitch or equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and is not within such 
Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to an 
investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency or (in the case of withdrawal) replaced 
by an investment grade credit rating from any other Rating Agency; or (y) a non-investment 
grade credit rating (Ba1 by Moody’s, BB+ by S&P, BB+ by Fitch or equivalent, or worse), 
and such rating from any Rating Agency is within such Change of Control Period downgraded 
by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and is not within such 
Change of Control Period subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such 
Rating Agency, provided that if, immediately prior to the commencement of the Change of 
Control Period, the Issuer carries (with the agreement of the Issuer) a rating from more than 
one Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment grade, then subparagraph (x) will 
apply; and in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole 
or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control. If the rating designations employed 
by any Rating Agency are changed from those which are described in this Condition, the 
Issuer shall determine the rating designations of the Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are 
most equivalent to the prior rating designations of the Rating Agency and this Condition 7.7 
shall be read accordingly; 
(c)
"Change of Control Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control, and (ii) ending on the date which is 120 
days after the date on which the relevant Change of Control occurs;  
(d)
"Change of Control Redemption Date" means the tenth day after the date of expiry of the 
Change of Control Put Period;  
(e)
"Control" means: (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights 
of the Issuer; or (ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of 
the Issuer's board of directors or other governing body of the Issuer, in each case, whether 
obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by the ownership of Share Capital, the

--- Page 176 ---
176
possession of Voting Rights, by contract, trust or otherwise, and "Controlled" shall be 
construed accordingly; and 
(f)
"Rating Agency" means any of the following rating agencies: S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), Moody’s Investors Service Ltd ("Moody’s") or Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") 
or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international 
standing specified from time to time by the Issuer. 
7.8
Clean Up Call 
If 80 per cent. or more of the originally issued aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes 
(including any further issues pursuant to Condition 18) have been redeemed pursuant to Conditions 
7.5, 7.6 and/or 7.7 or purchased, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 days' notice to the 
Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or 
procure the purchase of) all but not some only of, the Senior Notes then outstanding at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. The notice referred 
to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (which, 
if this Senior Note is not a Floating Rate Senior Note, shall not be more than 60 days after the date of 
the notice and, if this Senior Note is a Floating Rate Senior Note, shall be the first Interest Payment 
Date which occurs after the date which falls 30 days after the date of the notice). 
7.9
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10: 
(a)
each Senior Note (other than a Zero Coupon Senior Note) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount; and 
(b)
each Zero Coupon Senior Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Senior Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Senior Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Senior Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Senior Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).  
7.10
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Senior Notes

--- Page 177 ---
177
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Senior Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Senior Notes 
may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For 
the purposes of Condition 7.2, Index Linked Interest Senior Notes and Dual Currency Interest Senior 
Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date.   
Instalment Senior Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption 
Amount of Instalment Senior Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Senior Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.10 and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7.11
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Senior Notes (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Senior Notes may 
be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the 
Registrar for cancellation. 
7.12
Cancellation 
All Senior Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  
All Senior Notes so cancelled and any Senior Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 
7.11 above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.13
Late payment on Zero Coupon Senior Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Senior Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Senior Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7 above or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Senior Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 7.9(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date 
upon which such Zero Coupon Senior Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date which is the earlier of: 
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Senior Note have been 
paid; and 
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Senior Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15. 
8.
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such

--- Page 178 ---
178
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the 
Senior Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Senior 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Senior Note, Receipt or 
Coupon: 
(a)
presented for payment in Luxembourg; or 
(b)
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Senior Note, Receipt 
or Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of such Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.7).  
As used herein: 
(i)
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii)
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
9.
PRESCRIPTION 
The Senior Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void 
unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 6.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 51 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Senior Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction), (but in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs (b), (d), 
(e), (i) and (j) inclusive below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that such 
event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Senior Noteholders), give notice in 
writing to the Issuer that each Senior Note is, and each Senior Note shall thereupon immediately 
become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided 
in the Trust Deed if any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and be 
continuing:

--- Page 179 ---
179
(a)
default is made in the payment of any principal or any interest when due in respect of the 
Senior Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 30 days; 
(b)
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the 
Conditions or the Trust Deed and such default is incapable of remedy or, if (in the opinion of 
the Trustee) capable of remedy, is not (in the opinion of the Trustee) remedied within 90 days 
after the Issuer shall have received from the Trustee written notice of such default; 
(c)
if: (i) any Indebtedness of the Issuer becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an 
event of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer fails to make any payment in respect of 
any Indebtedness on the due date for payment as extended by any originally applicable grace 
period; (iii) any security given by the Issuer for any Indebtedness is enforced; or (iv) default 
is made by the Issuer in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given 
by it in relation to any Indebtedness of any other person; 
(d)
if: (i) a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out 
on or against all or any substantial part of the assets of the Issuer and is not discharged or 
stayed within 120 consecutive days or such longer period as may be permitted by the Trustee 
in its sole discretion; or (ii) any step is taken by any person with a view to the seizure, 
compulsory acquisition, expropriation or nationalisation of all or a material part of the assets 
of the Issuer; 
(e)
any step is taken to enforce any Security Interest, present or future, created or assumed by the 
Issuer (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative 
receiver, administrator manager, judicial manager or other similar person) and such step is not 
stayed within 120 consecutive days; 
(f)
bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou 
judiciaire), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion 
contrôlée), general settlement or composition with creditors (concordat préventif de la 
faillite), examinership, reorganisation or similar Luxembourg or foreign laws proceedings 
affecting the rights of creditors generally are opened against the Issuer and remain unstayed 
in effect for a period of 120 consecutive days and/or any receiver (curateur), liquidator 
(liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), verifier (expert-vérificateur) juge délégué or juge 
commissaire is appointed in respect of the Issuer and is not discharged within 120 days of 
such appointment; 
(g)
the Issuer admits its inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its 
debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law; 
(h)
an order is made or a resolution is passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, or 
the Issuer has passed a special resolution to have itself wound up or has made an 
announcement or issued a notice to that effect, or the Issuer ceases or publicly announces an 
intention to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except in any 
such case: (i) as a result of a Permitted Cessation of Business; or (ii) for the purpose of and 
followed by a solvent reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation; 
or (iii) in the case of a Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Subsidiary are 
transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another Subsidiary (as the case may be); 
(i)
a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money are rendered against the Issuer and 
which judgments are not, within 120 days after entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed 
pending appeal, or are not discharged within 90 days after the expiration of such stay; or

--- Page 180 ---
180
(j)
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs, 
provided that, in the case of paragraphs (c) to (j) above (to the extent that paragraph (f) relates to a 
reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement) or a general settlement or composition with creditors 
(concordat préventif de la faillite)), no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the 
amount of the relevant default, either alone or when aggregated with other amounts of default relative 
to all (if any) other such events referred to in such paragraphs which shall have occurred (such 
amounts, in each case, if not in euro, converted into euro at the Prevailing Rate on the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Event of Default), shall be equal to, or more than 10 per cent. of the Portfolio 
Value. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the right to declare the Senior Notes due and repayable in accordance with 
this Condition 10 shall terminate if the event giving rise to the right ceases to fulfil the requirements 
of this Condition before the right is exercised.  
10.2
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts 
and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation 
to the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons unless (a) it shall have been so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least 51 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Senior Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within 60 
days and such failure or inability shall be continuing. 
11.
COVENANTS  
11.1
Indebtedness/Assets 
The Issuer undertakes that it will not, and will procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, up to (and 
including) the Final Discharge Date, incur any Indebtedness (other than any Refinancing 
Indebtedness) if, immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such additional Indebtedness and 
the application of the net proceeds of such incurrence, the sum of: 
(a)
(i) the Consolidated Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last Reporting 
Date; and (ii) the Net Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) incurred since the Last 
Reporting Date would exceed 60 per cent. of the sum of (without duplication): (i) the Total 
Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last Reporting Date; (ii) the value of all 
assets acquired or contracted for acquisition by the Group, as determined at the relevant time 
in accordance with IFRS and the accounting principles applied by the Issuer in the latest 
Financial Statements as certified by the auditors of the Issuer, since the Last Reporting Date; 
and (iii) the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred since the Last Reporting Date (but only to 
the extent that such proceeds were not used to acquire Real Estate Property or to reduce 
Indebtedness); and 
(b)
(i) the Consolidated Secured Indebtedness (excluding the Secured Senior Notes (if any) and 
less Cash and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last Reporting Date; and (ii) the Net Secured 
Indebtedness (excluding the Secured Senior Notes (if any) and less Cash and Cash 
Equivalents) incurred since the Last Reporting Date would exceed 45 per cent. of the sum of

--- Page 181 ---
181
(without duplication): (i) the Total Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last 
Reporting Date; (ii) the value of all assets acquired or contracted for acquisition by the Group, 
as determined at the relevant time in accordance with IFRS and the accounting principles 
applied by the Issuer in the latest Financial Statements as certified by the auditors of the Issuer, 
since the Last Reporting Date; and (iii) the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred since the 
Last Reporting Date (but only to the extent that such proceeds were not used to acquire Real 
Estate Property or to reduce Indebtedness). 
11.2
Unencumbered Assets/Unsecured Indebtedness  
The Issuer undertakes that the sum of: (i) the Unencumbered Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) 
as at the Last Reporting Date; and (ii) the Net Unencumbered Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) 
newly recorded since the Last Reporting Date will at no time be less than 125 per cent. of the sum of: 
(i) the Unsecured Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) at the Last Reporting Date; and (ii) 
the Net Unsecured Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) incurred since the Last Reporting 
Date. 
11.3
Restriction on Ceasing Business 
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary (excluding any Listed Entity) (the "Restricted 
Subsidiaries") to cease to, or formally announce its intention to cease to, carry on its real estate 
business, except (i) as a result of a Permitted Cessation of Business; or (ii) for the purpose of and 
followed by a solvent reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation; or (iii) 
in the case of a Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Subsidiary are transferred to or 
otherwise vested in the Issuer or another Subsidiary (as the case may be). 
11.4
Consolidated Coverage Ratio 
Up to and including the Final Discharge Date, the Issuer undertakes that, on each Reporting Date, the 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio will be at least 1.8. 
11.5
Publication of Financial Statements 
Up to and including the Final Discharge Date, the Issuer shall post on its website: 
(a)
within 120 days after the end of each of the Issuer's fiscal years, annual reports containing the 
following information: 
(i)
audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS; and 
(ii)
the audit report of the independent auditors on the consolidated financial statements; 
and 
(b)
within 75 days after the end of the first six months in each fiscal year of the Issuer, 
consolidated interim financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
11.6
Certificate to the Trustee 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed to deliver to the Trustee on an annual basis a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer as to there not having occurred an Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) since the date of the last such certificate or if such 
event has occurred as to the details of such event. The Trustee will be entitled to rely without liability 
on such certificate and shall not be obliged independently to monitor whether an Event of Default or

--- Page 182 ---
182
Potential Event of Default has occurred or monitor compliance by the Issuer with the undertakings set 
forth in this Condition 11, nor be liable to any person for not so doing. 
Any certificate addressed to the Trustee by two directors of the Issuer as to the amounts of any defined 
term or figure in Conditions 11.1, 11.2, 11.4 and 11.5 may, in the absence of manifest error, be relied 
upon by the Trustee (without liability to any person for so relying) and, if so relied upon, shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Senior Noteholders. 
11.7
Newco Scheme 
In the event of a Newco Scheme, the Issuer undertakes to take (or shall procure that there is taken) all 
necessary action to ensure that (to the satisfaction of the Trustee) immediately after completion of the 
Newco Scheme: 
(a)
at its option either Newco is substituted under the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed as principal 
obligor in place of the Issuer (with the Issuer providing a guarantee), subject to and as provided 
in the Trust Deed, or Newco becomes a guarantor under the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed 
and such amendments are made to these Conditions and the Trust Deed as are necessary, in 
the opinion of the Trustee to give effect to such changes (and the Trustee shall (at the expense 
of the Issuer) be obliged to concur in effecting such substitution or grant of such guarantee 
and in either case making any such amendments, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged 
so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose new or more onerous 
duties or obligations upon it or expose it to further liabilities or reduce its protections); and 
(b)
the Trust Deed and the Conditions (including, without limitation, the Events of Default (in 
Condition 10)) provide at least the same protections and benefits to the Trustee and the Senior 
Noteholders following the implementation of such Newco Scheme as they provided to the 
Trustee and the Senior Noteholders prior to the implementation of the Newco Scheme, mutatis 
mutandis. 
12.
REPLACEMENT OF SENIOR NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Senior Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) upon payment 
by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Senior 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13.
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;  
(b)
so long as the Senior Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) with a specified office in such

--- Page 183 ---
183
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.6.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Senior Noteholders promptly by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of 
agency or trust with, any Senior Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which 
it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent. 
14.
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Senior Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 
9. 
15.
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Senior Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Senior Notes are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date 
of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of 
the first publication in all required newspapers.  If publication as provided above is not practicable, a 
notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the 
Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Senior Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Senior Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Senior Notes are issued, and for so long as any Global Senior Notes 
representing the Senior Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in lieu of such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing, the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Noteholders may be arranged through the systems of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Senior Notes and, in addition, for so 
long as any Senior Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant

--- Page 184 ---
184
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Senior Notes on the day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Senior Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Senior Note in definitive form) with the relative Senior Note or Senior 
Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Senior Notes).  Whilst any of the Senior Notes are represented by a Global Senior 
Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Senior Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16.
MEETINGS 
OF 
SENIOR 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATION, 
WAIVER 
AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Senior Noteholders (including by 
way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Senior Notes, 
the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed.  Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Senior 
Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons 
being or representing Senior Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Senior Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Senior Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying 
the date of maturity of the Senior Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Senior Notes or 
altering the currency of payment of the Senior Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall 
be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-quarter in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened 
and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of 
the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding or 
(iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal 
amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Senior Noteholders.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the 
Senior Noteholders will be binding on all the Senior Noteholders, whether or not they are present at 
any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders and 
Couponholders. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of, any of the provisions of the Senior Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such 
consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as 
such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Senior Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to 
any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an

--- Page 185 ---
185
error which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven.  Any such modification shall be binding on the 
Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to agree to such modifications to the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to Conditions 5.3(c) and 
5.2(b)(iv) in connection with effecting (i) any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and Adjustment Spread 
and/or (ii) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, 
SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, or, in 
each case, any related changes referred to in Conditions 5.3(c) and 5.2(b)(iv), respectively, without 
the requirement for the consent or sanction of the Senior Noteholders or Couponholders. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Senior Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard 
to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Senior 
Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any 
other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise 
upon individual Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders except to the extent already 
provided for in Condition 8 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution 
for, Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Senior Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal 
debtor under the Senior Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, 
being (a) a Subsidiary of the Issuer; or (b) any Successor in Business, in each case, subject to (i) 
(except in the case of a Successor in Business) the Senior Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Issuer, (ii) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Senior Noteholders 
will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution and (iii) certain other conditions set out in the 
Trust Deed being complied with. Any such substitution shall be binding on the Senior Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
In connection with a Newco Scheme, at the request of the Issuer, the Trustee shall, without the 
requirement for any consent or approval of the Senior Noteholders, concur in the substitution of Newco 
in place of the Issuer (or any previous substituted company) as principal debtor under the Trust Deed 
and the Senior Notes, pursuant to and subject to the provisions set out in Condition 11.7. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Law shall not 
apply.
17.
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 186 ---
186
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for 
the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard 
to the interests of, or consequences for, the Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders and 
(c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received 
thereby or in connection therewith.
18.
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Senior Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further Senior Notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Senior Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Senior Notes. 
19.
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Senior Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20.
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Senior Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
the Senior Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law.  
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Law shall not apply.  
20.2
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a)
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts 
and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, 
the Senior Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the 
Issuer and the Trustee and any Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c)
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other 
court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3
Appointment of Process Agent

--- Page 187 ---
187
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any 
process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
20.4
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above. 
21.
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Cash" means cash in hand; 
"Cash Equivalents" means short-term, liquid investments and traded securities; 
"Companies Law" means the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as 
amended; 
"Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" means the number set out under the heading "EBITDA 
(adjusted)" in the Financial Statements; 
"Consolidated Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of (A) the aggregate amount of Consolidated 
Adjusted EBITDA in the Relevant Period to (B) the aggregate amount of Net Cash Interest in the 
Relevant Period; 
"Consolidated Indebtedness" means Indebtedness of the Group, as set out in the Financial 
Statements; 
"Consolidated Secured Indebtedness" means that portion of the Consolidated Indebtedness that is 
secured by any Security Interest, as set out in the Financial Statements; 
"Equity Share Capital" means, in relation to any entity, its issued share capital excluding any part of 
that capital which, in respect of dividends and capital, does not carry any right to participate beyond a 
specific amount in a distribution; 
"Existing Shareholders" means the holders of ordinary shares in the Issuer immediately prior to the 
Scheme of Arrangement; 
"Group" means the Issuer, each Related Company and each Subsidiary taken as a whole and "member 
of the Group" shall be construed accordingly; 
"Final Discharge Date" means the date on which all present and future obligations and liabilities 
(whether actual or contingent) of the Issuer to the Trustee and the Senior Noteholders under or in 
respect of the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed have been discharged; 
"Financial Statements" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements (including the 
management report) of the Issuer or the consolidated interim financial statements (including the

--- Page 188 ---
188
management report) of the Issuer, in each case as published by the Issuer as at the Last Reporting Date 
and prepared in accordance with IFRS; 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards; 
"Indebtedness" means (without duplication) any indebtedness (whether being principal, interest or 
other amounts but excluding any indebtedness owed to another member of the Group) for or in respect 
of: (a) money borrowed; (b) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit; or 
(c) any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities (to the extent not Share 
Capital) offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition 
consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other 
than cash, in each case to the extent such indebtedness would be recorded as a liability in the audited 
annual or the interim consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in accordance with IFRS; 
"Last Reporting Date" means the most recent Reporting Date; 
"Listed Entity" means Grand City Properties S.A. or any member of the Group, from time to time, 
that has any securities trading on a European Economic Area market or on such other internationally 
recognised, regularly operating, stock exchange or securities market; 
"Net Cash Interest" means all interest accrued to be paid to persons who are not members of the 
Group less the amount of any interest accrued to be received from persons who are not members of 
the Group, in each case, excluding any one-off financing charges (including, without limitation, any 
one-off fees and/or break costs and/or early redemption costs and/or issuance costs) as set out in the 
Financial Statements; 
"Net Indebtedness" means the Indebtedness incurred minus the amount of Indebtedness repaid; 
"Net Secured Indebtedness" means the Secured Indebtedness incurred minus the amount of Secured 
Indebtedness repaid;
"Net Unencumbered Assets" means the value of any Real Estate Property not subject to any Security 
Interest acquired or contracted for acquisition plus the value of all other assets not subject to any 
Security Interest acquired or contracted for acquisition minus the value of such assets which: (i) have 
been disposed of; or (ii) have become subject to a Security Interest, with the value of any such Real 
Estate Property or other assets in each such case to be determined at the relevant time in accordance 
with IFRS and the accounting principles applied by the Issuer in the latest Financial Statements as 
certified by auditors of the Issuer; 
"Net Unsecured Indebtedness" means the Unsecured Indebtedness incurred minus the Unsecured 
Indebtedness repaid; 
"Newco" means a newly incorporated limited liability company; 
"Newco Scheme" means a scheme of arrangement or any other transaction (each, a "Scheme of 
Arrangement"): 
(a)
which effects the interposition of a Newco between the Existing Shareholders and the Issuer; 
and 
(b)
in respect of which the Issuer and the Trustee agree, with effect immediately after the 
implementation of such Scheme of Arrangement, (a) at the Issuer's option, either to the 
substitution of Newco in place of the Issuer as principal obligor (with a guarantee from the 
Issuer) or to the provision of a guarantee from Newco and (b) to make such amendments to

--- Page 189 ---
189
these Conditions and the Trust Deed as are necessary, in the opinion of the Trustee, to ensure 
that the Trust Deed and these Conditions (including, without limitation, the Events of Default 
(in Condition 10)) provide at least the same protections and benefits to the Trustee and the 
Senior Noteholders following the implementation of such Scheme of Arrangement as they 
provided to the Trustee and the Senior Noteholders prior to the implementation of the Scheme 
of Arrangement, mutatis mutandis, all subject to and in accordance with Condition 11.7, 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(i)
only ordinary shares of Newco or depositary or other receipts or certificates representing 
ordinary shares of Newco are issued to Existing Shareholders; 
(ii)
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement the only shareholders of ordinary 
shares of Newco or, as the case may be, the only holders of depositary or other receipts or 
certificates representing ordinary shares of Newco, are Existing Shareholders in the same 
proportions as such Existing Shareholders held ordinary shares immediately prior to the 
Scheme of Arrangement; 
(iii)
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement, Newco is (or one or more 
wholly-owned subsidiaries of Newco are) the only ordinary shareholder (or shareholders) of 
the Issuer; 
(iv)
all Subsidiaries of the Issuer immediately prior to the Scheme of Arrangement (other than 
Newco, if Newco is then a Subsidiary) are Subsidiaries of the Issuer (or subsidiaries of Newco) 
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement;  
(v)
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement, the Issuer (or Newco) holds, 
directly or indirectly, the same percentage of the ordinary Share Capital and Equity Share 
Capital of those Subsidiaries as was held by the Issuer immediately prior to the Scheme of 
Arrangement; and  
(vi)
any and all applicable company and securities laws are complied with; 
"Permitted Cessation of Business" means, in the case of a Successor in Business, the Issuer ensuring 
the substitution of such Successor in Business as principal debtor under the Senior Notes, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and the Trust Deed in place of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 and the Trust 
Deed; 
"Portfolio Value" means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, its Subsidiaries and 
any Related Company, as such amount appears in the latest Financial Statements; 
"Real Estate Property" means the real estate property and any shares in real estate holding companies 
held directly or indirectly by the Group; 
"Refinancing" means, in respect of any Indebtedness, to refinance, extend, renew, refund, repay, 
prepay, purchase, redeem, defease, retire, amend, restate, modify, supplement or replace, including 
the issue of other Indebtedness in exchange or replacement for, such Indebtedness, and "Refinance" 
and "Refinanced" shall be construed accordingly;
"Refinancing Indebtedness" means Indebtedness incurred (whether in a single financing or one or 
more separate financings) to Refinance any amount or amounts of existing Indebtedness of the Group 
as at the relevant date, provided that:

--- Page 190 ---
190
(a)
such Refinancing Indebtedness has an aggregate principal amount that is equal to or less than 
the aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness being Refinanced; and 
(b)
if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is subordinated in right of payment to the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of the Senior Notes, such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in 
right of payment to such obligations at least to the same extent as the Indebtedness being 
Refinanced; 
"Related Company" means any company in which the Issuer holds, directly or indirectly, no more 
than 50 per cent. of the Share Capital or the Voting Rights in respect of such company; 
"Relevant Period" means, for the purposes of Condition 11.4, the most recent four consecutive 
quarters ending prior to the date of determination of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio; 
"Reporting Date" means an accounts date for which the annual audited consolidated financial 
statements (including the management report) of the Issuer or the consolidated interim financial 
statements (including the management report) of the Issuer, in each case, has have been published and 
prepared in accordance with IFRS;
"Secured Indebtedness" means that portion of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding 
Indebtedness that is secured by any Security Interest on properties or other assets as set out in the 
Financial Statements;
"Secured Senior Notes" means any secured Senior Notes issued by any member of the Group 
(whether currently issued or issued in the future) which have not been repaid in full; 
"Share Capital" means, in relation to any entity, its issued share capital; 
"Successor in Business" means: 
(a)
any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Issuer with any other corporation (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the Issuer is the continuing 
corporation); or 
(b)
any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Issuer to another entity 
(whether by operation of law or otherwise); 
"Subsidiary" means any company in which the Issuer holds directly or indirectly, through another 
Subsidiary, more than 50 per cent. of the Share Capital or Voting Rights; 
"Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group, as such amount appears 
in the latest Financial Statements, provided that Total Assets shall include the proceeds of the 
Indebtedness or Secured Indebtedness and Secured Senior Notes to be incurred; 
"Unencumbered Assets" means (without duplication): (i) the value of any Real Estate Property, on a 
consolidated basis determined in accordance with IFRS, of the Group that is not subject to any Security 
Interest; plus (ii) the value of all other assets of the Group that is not subject to any Security Interest 
(where in the case of both (i) and (ii), the values shall be equal to such amounts that appear in the latest 
Financial Statements); 
"Unsecured Indebtedness" means that portion of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding 
Indebtedness that is not Secured Indebtedness, as set out in the Financial Statements; and 
"Voting Rights" means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, 
in respect of any person other than the Issuer the right generally to vote at a general meeting of the

--- Page 191 ---
191
shareholders of that person (in each case, irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other 
class or classes shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any 
contingency).

--- Page 192 ---
192
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Subordinated Note (as defined below) and each definitive Subordinated Note, in the latter 
case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive 
Subordinated Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global 
Subordinated Note and definitive Subordinated Note.  Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" 
for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
This Subordinated Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Dated Subordinated Notes or Undated 
Subordinated Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) issued by Aroundtown SA (the "Issuer") 
constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "Trust Deed") dated 31 May 2024 made between the Issuer and M&G Trustee Company Limited 
(the "Trustee", which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the "Subordinated Notes" shall be references to the Subordinated Notes of this Series 
and shall mean: 
(a)
in relation to any Subordinated Notes represented by a global Subordinated Note (a "Global 
Subordinated Note"), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b)
any Global Subordinated Note; and 
(c)
any definitive Subordinated Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Subordinated Notes") issued in exchange 
for a Global Subordinated Note in bearer form; and 
(d)
any definitive Subordinated Notes in registered form ("Registered Subordinated Notes") (whether 
or not issued in exchange for a Global Subordinated Note in registered form). 
The Subordinated Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such 
Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") dated 31 May 2024 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
acting through its London branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Principal Paying 
Agent" and the "Agent Bank", respectively, which expressions shall include any successor thereto) and the 
other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent and the Agent Bank, the "Paying 
Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any 
successor registrar) and a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents).  
The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the 
Registrar, the Paying Agents, and other Transfer Agents together referred to as the "Agents". 
The final terms for this Subordinated Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Subordinated Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
"Conditions").  References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Subordinated Note. The 
expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of 
Bearer Subordinated Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments 
remaining, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or

--- Page 193 ---
193
coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  
Registered Subordinated Notes and Global Subordinated Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on 
issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Subordinated Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of 
Bearer Subordinated Notes) the holders of the Subordinated Notes and (in the case of Registered Subordinated 
Notes) the persons in whose name the Subordinated Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any 
Subordinated Notes represented by a Global Subordinated Note, be construed as provided below), the holders 
of the Coupons (the "Couponholders", which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Subordinated Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Subordinated Notes together with any further 
Tranche or Tranches of Subordinated Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series 
and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to any 
Subordinated Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee or any Paying Agents and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant Paying Agent, 
as the case may be).  If the Subordinated Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. The Subordinated Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1.
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Subordinated Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and, in the case of definitive Subordinated Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
"Specified Currency") and the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Subordinated Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Subordinated Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Subordinated Notes may not 
be exchanged for Registered Subordinated Notes and vice versa. 
This Subordinated Note may be a Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note or a Floating Rate 
Subordinated Note depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes are issued with Coupons attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Subordinated Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Subordinated Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as

--- Page 194 ---
194
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Subordinated Note or Coupon and 
the registered holder of any Registered Subordinated Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or 
not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Subordinated Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Subordinated Notes is represented by a Global Subordinated Note held on 
behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream,
Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment 
of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Subordinated Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Subordinated Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of the relevant Global Subordinated Note and the expressions "Subordinated Noteholder" and 
"holder of Subordinated Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Subordinated 
Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it 
shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Subordinated Notes which are represented by a Global Subordinated Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.  References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2.
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED SUBORDINATED NOTES  
2.1
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Subordinated Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Subordinated Notes will be effected by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Subordinated Note will, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Subordinated Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Subordinated Note of the same 
series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.   
2.2
Transfers of Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, 
a Registered Subordinated Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the 
authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer 
(a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Subordinated Note for registration of the

--- Page 195 ---
195
transfer of the Registered Subordinated Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Subordinated Note) 
at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the 
holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe.  Subject as 
provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a 
day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication 
and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by 
uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Subordinated Note in 
definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Subordinated Note (or the 
relevant part of the Registered Subordinated Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only 
of a Registered Subordinated Note in definitive form, a new Registered Subordinated Note in 
definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Subordinated Note not transferred will be 
so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3
Costs of registration 
Subordinated Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by 
regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3.
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES AND PROHIBITION OF SET-OFF 
3.1
Status 
The Subordinated Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and in the event of the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, 
bankruptcy or similar proceedings of the Issuer rank: 
(a)
senior only to the Junior Obligations of the Issuer; 
(b)
pari passu among themselves and with any Parity Obligations of the Issuer; and 
(c)
junior to all other present and future obligations of the Issuer, whether subordinated or 
unsubordinated, except as otherwise provided by mandatory provisions of applicable laws or 
as expressly provided for by the terms of the relevant instrument. 
In these Conditions: 
"Junior Obligations" means (i) the ordinary shares and preferred shares (if any) of the Issuer, (ii) 
any present or future share of any other class of shares of the Issuer, (iii) any other present or future 
security, registered security or other instrument of the Issuer under which the Issuer’s obligations rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with the ordinary shares or the preferred shares (if any) of the 
Issuer and (iv) any present or future security, registered security or other instrument which is issued 
by a Subsidiary and guaranteed by the Issuer or for which the Issuer has otherwise assumed liability 
where the Issuer’s obligations under such guarantee or other assumptions of liability rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the instruments described under (i), (ii) or (iii);

--- Page 196 ---
196
"Parity Obligations" means any present or future obligation which (i) is issued by the Issuer and the 
obligations under which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer 's obligations under 
the Subordinated Notes, or (ii) benefits from a guarantee or support agreement that ranks or is 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes; 
"Share Capital" means, in relation to any entity, its issued share capital; 
"Subsidiary" means any corporation, partnership, company or other enterprise in which the Issuer 
directly or indirectly holds in the aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the Share Capital or the Voting 
Rights; and 
"Voting Rights" means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, 
in respect of any person other than the Issuer the right generally to vote at a general meeting of the 
shareholders of that person (in each case, irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other 
class or classes shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any 
contingency). 
3.2
Insolvency or Liquidation of the Issuer
In the event of the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, bankruptcy or similar proceedings of the 
Issuer, no payments under the Subordinated Notes shall be made to the Subordinated Noteholders 
unless all claims that, pursuant to Condition 3.1, rank senior to the Subordinated Notes have been 
discharged or secured in full.
3.3
Prohibition of Set-off 
No Subordinated Noteholder may set-off any claims arising under the Subordinated Notes against any 
claims that the Issuer may have against it. The Issuer may not set-off any claims it may have against 
the Subordinated Noteholders against any of its obligations under the Subordinated Notes. 
4.
INTEREST 
4.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes 
(a)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note bears interest on its principal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.   
Subject to Condition 5, such interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year from (and including) the first Interest Payment Date. 
If the Subordinated Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the First Reset Date 
in respect of each Fixed Interest Period will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
(b)
Interest Accrual

--- Page 197 ---
197
The Subordinated Notes (and any unpaid amounts thereon) will cease to bear interest from (and 
including) the date of redemption thereof pursuant to the relevant paragraph of Condition 7 or the date 
of substitution thereof pursuant to Condition 8, as the case may be, unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Subordinated Note have been paid; and 
(ii)
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
(c)
Interest Calculation 
Except in the case of Subordinated Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i)
in the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes which are (a) represented by a Global 
Subordinated Note or (b) Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of (x) the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes represented 
by such Global Subordinated Note or (y) such Registered Subordinated Notes; or 
(ii)
in the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes which are Bearer Subordinated Notes 
in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated 
Notes, which are Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes which are Bearer Subordinated Notes in definitive form) shall be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note which is a Bearer 
Subordinated Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1: 
(A)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(B)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1)
in the case of Subordinated Notes where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination

--- Page 198 ---
198
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(2)
in the case of Subordinated Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
I. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
II. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(C)
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
(d)
First Fixed Rate of Interest 
For each Fixed Interest Period to (but excluding) the First Reset Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and subject to Condition 5, each Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note bears interest 
at the rate per annum equal to the First Fixed Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), subject to Condition 4.3.  
(e)
Subsequent Reset Rate(s) of Interest 
For each Fixed Interest Period commencing on or after the First Reset Date and subject to Condition 
5, each Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note bears interest at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, 
as determined and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer by the Agent Bank on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 4.1(e), subject to Condition 4.3. 
Following any such determination of the Subsequent Reset Rate, the Issuer shall promptly notify the 
Trustee of such Subsequent Reset Rate.  
In these Conditions: 
"Margin" means the rate(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency with a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date and payable with a

--- Page 199 ---
199
frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period (or, if such rate with such 
frequency of payments is not displayed on the Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page at the 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time, the rate with the next closest frequency of payments converted 
in accordance with market convention to a rate with the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes) (calculated in each case on 
the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency); 
"Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page" means the display page on the relevant service as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on 
such other equivalent information service as determined by the Issuer (acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser as defined in Condition 4.4), for the purpose of displaying 
the Mid Swap Rate; 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be 
Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of a leading independent investment, merchant or 
commercial bank as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset 
Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and 
of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date (i) the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer 
than five, but more than one, Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotation is received, the amount of that quotation so received; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice 
of a leading independent investment, merchant or commercial bank), or their affiliates and respective 
successors, which are primary dealers or market makers in the market for securities such as the 
Reference Bond; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as 
determined, and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer, by the Agent Bank, of the bid and 
offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date quoted in writing to the Issuer or the Agent Bank by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reset Determination Date" means for each Reset Period the date as specified in the Final Terms 
falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the Rate of Interest for such 
Reset Period is to be determined; 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) one Reset Date to (but excluding) the next 
following Reset Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any); 
"Subsequent Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Subsequent Reset 
Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Margin (rounded down to four decimal places, with 0.00005 
being rounded down) (which rate if not calculated on the basis of a Subsequent Reset Reference Rate 
with the same frequency of payments, shall be converted in accordance with market convention to a 
rate with the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Fixed Rate

--- Page 200 ---
200
Resettable Subordinated Notes or, if market convention is for the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate 
first to be so converted, the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the 
Subsequent Reset Rate shall be the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate as so converted without any 
further such conversion); 
"Subsequent Reset Reference Rate" means either:  
(i)
if "Mid Swaps" is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate which appears on the Mid 
Swap Reference Rate Screen Page at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date for the relevant Reset Period, expressed as a 
percentage; or 
(ii)
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the Final Terms, the rate per annum equal to the annual 
yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the 
relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price; and 
"Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f)
Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page Unavailable or Mid Swap Rate does not Appear 
If the Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page is unavailable or the Mid Swap Rate does not appear on 
the Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page, in each case at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference 
Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the Issuer or the Agent Bank shall request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Issuer or the Agent Bank with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Mid Swap Rate at approximately the 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (calculated on the day 
count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency) is equivalent to the Rate 
of Interest that would apply in respect of the Subordinated Notes if (a) the Notes were Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes and Screen Rate Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Subsequent 
Reset Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Relevant Screen Page was the Subsequent Reset 
Floating Leg Screen Page, or, in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or no relevant 
offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference 
Rate Time, on the basis of the rate that would have been used for the floating leg of the Mid Swap 
Rate that was to appear on the Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page at or around the Subsequent 
Reset Reference Rate Time if it had appeared at such time. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or the Agent Bank with offered quotations, 
the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined, and notified 
in writing to the Agents and the Trustee, by the Issuer or the Agent Bank.  If only one quotation is 
provided, the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate will be the quotation provided. 
If none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer or the Agent Bank with an offered quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall be determined 
as the Subsequent Reset Rate as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date less the Margin 
applicable as from the last preceding Reset Date plus the Margin applicable as from the current Reset 
Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate 
shall be determined on the basis of the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate being equal to the Initial 
Reset Reference Rate.

--- Page 201 ---
201
In this Condition 4.1(f), "Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market 
for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as 
selected by the Issuer in consultation with a leading independent investment, merchant or commercial 
bank. 
(g)
Publication of Subsequent Reset Rates 
The Issuer shall cause notice of each Subsequent Reset Rate determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1 in respect of each relevant Reset Period to be given to the Trustee, the Registrar, the 
Paying Agents, any stock exchange on which the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders, in each case as soon as practicable after its determination but in any event not later than 
the fourth Business Day (as defined below) thereafter. 
(h)
Agent Bank and Reference Banks 
With effect from the Reset Determination Date relating to the First Reset Date, the Issuer will maintain 
an Agent Bank if not the Principal Paying Agent and five Reference Banks where the Rate of Interest 
is to be calculated by reference to them.  
The Issuer may, with the prior written consent of the Trustee, from time to time replace the Agent 
Bank with another leading financial institution in London or Luxembourg. If the Agent Bank is unable 
or unwilling to continue to act as the Agent Bank or fails duly to determine a Subsequent Reset Rate 
in respect of any Fixed Interest Period as provided in Condition 4.1(f), the Issuer shall forthwith 
appoint another leading financial institution in London or Luxembourg approved in writing by the 
Trustee to act as such in its place. The Agent Bank may not resign its duties or be removed without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(i)
Determinations Binding 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.1 by the Agent 
Bank or the Reference Banks, as the case may be, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Agent Bank, the Trustee, the Registrar, the other Paying Agents and all Subordinated 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) no liability to the 
Subordinated Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Trustee or the Issuer shall attach to the Agent Bank 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
4.2
Interest on Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
(a)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Subordinated Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and, subject to Condition 5, such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an "Interest 
Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 202 ---
202
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, "Interest Period" 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Floating 
Rate Subordinated Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b)
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System (known as TARGET or T2) or any successor or replacement for that system 
(the "TARGET System") is open; and 
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET System is open. 
(b)
Rate of Interest

--- Page 203 ---
203
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 4.3. 
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes not referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is neither Compounded 
Daily SONIA nor Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(A)
the offered quotation; or 
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") or the Norwegian interbank offered rate ("NIBOR"), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time, in the case of NIBOR) (such time, the "Reference Time") on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall

--- Page 204 ---
204
be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case 
as at the Reference Time, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Reference Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period  shall 
be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Reference Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Reference Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank market (if 
the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 4.2(b)(ii) the expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone interbank market, and in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office 
of four major banks in the Norwegian interbank market, in each case selected by the Issuer 
and approved in writing by the Trustee.

--- Page 205 ---
205
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified as being "Compounded Daily SONIA", the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect 
to such Interest Period plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, all as determined and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
(I)
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):  
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 y
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 x −1) 𝑥365
𝑑
where: 
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" is the SONIA Compounded Index value for 
the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" is the SONIA Compounded Index value for 
the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
the relevant Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
provided that if the SONIA Compounded Index value required to determine 
SONIA Compounded Indexx  or SONIA Compounded Indexy does not appear 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source on which the compounded daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank 
of England (or any successor administrator of SONIA), at the Specified Time 
on the relevant London Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. London time or such later 
time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication of 
the SONIA Compounded Index in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate or 
SONIA authorised distributors, as the case may be), then Compounded Daily 
SONIA for such Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period shall be 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" determined in accordance with paragraph (II) 
below and for these purposes  the "SONIA Observation Method" shall be 
deemed to be "Shift"; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A)(I) above, the 
rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the

--- Page 206 ---
206
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms 
"Lag" is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest 
Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in (where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Lag" is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as 
the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified 
as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in 
the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"ni", for any London Banking Day "i", is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling 
in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such London 
Banking Day "i"; or 
(b)  
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, "SONIAi-pLBD" shall be replaced in the above 
formula with "SONIAi", where "SONIAi" means, in respect of any 
London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such London Banking Day "i". 
(B) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be:  
(I) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, the 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or the Minimum Rate of Interest  (as the case 
may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest  (as applicable) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
d
n
SONIA
o
d
i
i
pLBD
-
i
365
1
365
1
1





















--- Page 207 ---
207
(II) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first 
scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the 
first scheduled Interest Period). 
(C)
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(iii): 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"p" means the number of London Banking Days included in the SONIA Observation 
Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SONIA" has the meaning given to it in the definition of SONIA Reference Rate; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
compounded daily SONIA rate as published by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) as such rate appears on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source on which the compounded daily SONIA 
rate is published by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA), at 
the Specified Time on such London Banking Day;  
"SONIA Observation Look-Back Period" means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"SONIA Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling p London Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) to 
authorised distributors (the "SONIA authorised distributors") and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by the SONIA authorised distributors) on the London Banking 
Day immediately following such London Banking Day, provided that if, in respect of 
any London Banking Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made available 
on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the SONIA 
authorised distributors by 5.00 p.m. London time, then (unless the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has been notified of any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) pursuant to Condition 4.4 below, if applicable) the SONIA Reference 
Rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be: 
(I) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
London time (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; 
plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference 
Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than

--- Page 208 ---
208
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); 
or 
(II) 
if the Bank Rate described in (I) above is not available at such time on such 
London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the SONIA authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
SONIA authorised distributors); and 
"Specified Time" means 10:00 a.m., London time, or such other time as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.
(iv)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SOFR 
(A)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest 
Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable. 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period,  
(I) if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
(
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × (
360
𝑑)
where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for the 
relevant Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR IndexStart
or SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the 
Specified Time on the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or 
by 3:00 pm New York City time on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or such later time falling one hour after 
the customary or scheduled time for publication of the SOFR Index value in

--- Page 209 ---
209
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator 
of SOFR Index), "Compounded Daily SOFR" for such Interest Period and each 
Interest Period thereafter will be determined in accordance with Condition 
4.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) below; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 4.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 4.2(b)(iv)(A)(I) above, the 
rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
"SOFRi"means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference 
Rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
(B) 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement is at any time required to be used pursuant to 
paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, will determine the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement in accordance with the definition thereof with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, and if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
applicable, has so determined the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, then: 
(I) 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, shall also 
determine the method for determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (a) 
of paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, 
as applicable (including (i) the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service on or source from which such rate appears or is obtained 
(the "Alternative Relevant Source"), (ii) the time at which such rate appears 
on, or is obtained from, the Alternative Relevant Source (the "Alternative 
Specified Time"), (iii) the day on which such rate will appear on, or is obtained

--- Page 210 ---
210
from, the Alternative Relevant Source in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the "Alternative Relevant Date"), and (iv) any 
alternative method for determining such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative 
Specified Time on the applicable Alternative Relevant Date), which method 
shall be consistent with industry-accepted practices for such rate; 
(II) 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time shall 
in these Conditions be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified 
Time; 
(III) if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, 
determine that (i) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation 
Period, SOFR Observation Shift Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or (ii) any other technical changes to any 
other provision in this Condition 4.2(b)(iv), are necessary in order to implement 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including any alternative method 
described in sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (I) above) as the SOFR 
Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, decide 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the 
case may be, determine that no market practice for use of the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determine is reasonably necessary), the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer and without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Subordinated Noteholders use 
their reasonable endeavours to effect the necessary modifications to these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement (including, inter alia, 
by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and, if 
required, the Agency Agreement in a form which is acceptable to the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable) in order 
to provide for the amendment of such definitions or other provisions to reflect 
such changes; and 
(IV) the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as 
practicable to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, and to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well as the 
details described in paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented 
pursuant to paragraph (III) above. The Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall not be liable to any party for 
any consequences thereof and any amendments implemented pursuant to 
paragraph (III) above shall not increase the obligations or duties, or decrease 
the rights or protections, of the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Trustee, as applicable, in these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Trust Deed unless agreed in writing between the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(iv):

--- Page 211 ---
211
"Corresponding Tenor" means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a 
tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any 
applicable Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the 
spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be 
applied to such ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, 
the rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions 
that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"p" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
SOFR Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily 
secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate); 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the daily SOFR or the SOFR Index, as applicable); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Benchmark" means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to SOFR or such other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then "SOFR Benchmark" 
means the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(2) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 212 ---
212
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, provided that, (i) if the Issuer or 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determine that 
there is an industry-accepted replacement rate of interest for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, it shall 
select such industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall select such rate of 
interest that it has determined is most comparable to the then-current 
Benchmark, and the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means, with respect to any SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that 
has been selected by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if 
any, to be applied to the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the 
Subordinated Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for 
the purposes of determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread 
adjustment shall be consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, applied to such 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement where it has replaced the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at 
such time; 
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent" means such person that has been 
appointed by the Issuer (at its own cost) to make the calculations and determinations 
to be made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described in this Condition 
4.2(b)(iv) that may be made by either the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or 
the Issuer, so long as such person is a leading bank or other financial institution or a 
person with appropriate expertise, in each case that is experienced in such calculations 
and determinations. The Issuer may elect, but is not required, to appoint a SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent at any time. The Issuer will notify the Subordinated 
Noteholders of any such appointment in accordance with Condition 16;
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date" means, with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of

--- Page 213 ---
213
the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified 
Time for such determination; 
"SOFR Benchmark Transition Event" means, with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency 
of the SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the compounded daily SOFR rate as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), 
as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the Specified Time on 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"SOFR Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from such Interest Period);  
"SOFR Observation Shift Period" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 214 ---
214
"SOFR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
appearing on the SOFR Administrator’s Website on or about the Specified Time 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (1) above, unless the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determine that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website; or 
(3) 
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determine that 
a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (or, if the then-current SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior 
to the Specified Time on the Alternative Relevant Date), then (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this paragraph (3)) from (and including) the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (or the Alternative Relevant Date, as 
applicable) (the "Affected Day"), the SOFR Reference Rate shall mean, in 
respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the applicable SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
appearing on, or obtained from, the Alternative Relevant Source at the 
Alternative Specified Time on the Alternative Relevant Date; 
"Specified Time" means 3:00 p.m., New York City time or such other time as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) that is not a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association or any successor organisation recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 4.2(b)(iv), if the Issuer has 
appointed a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent and such SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent is unable to determine whether a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event has occurred or, following the occurrence of a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, has not selected the SOFR Benchmark Replacement as of the related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date, in accordance with this Condition 4.2(b)(iv) then, in 
such case, the Issuer shall make such determination or select the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as the case may be.

--- Page 215 ---
215
(E)  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this Condition 4.2(b)(iv), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event (including any determination that a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will 
be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Subordinated Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes which are (a) represented by a Global 
Subordinated Note or (b) Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of (x) the Subordinated Notes represented by such Global 
Subordinated Note or (y) such Registered Subordinated Notes; or 
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes which are Bearer Subordinated Notes in 
definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Subordinated Note which is a Bearer Subordinated Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
such Subordinated Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding.

--- Page 216 ---
216
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2: 
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii)
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
















360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360








--- Page 217 ---
217
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e)
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360








--- Page 218 ---
218
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, for such purposes.  
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
(i) 
Except where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "Compounded Daily SONIA" or 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day 
of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 16 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business 
Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed and to the Subordinated Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London 
Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(ii) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "Compounded Daily SONIA" or 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day 
of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 16 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (1) where the applicable 
Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate as "Compounded Daily SONIA", the second London 
Banking Day thereafter or (2) where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate 
as "Compounded Daily SOFR", the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Subordinated Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
(g)
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all

--- Page 219 ---
219
Subordinated Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Subordinated Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3
Step Up after Change of Control Event 
If Change of Control Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this 
Condition 4.3 shall apply. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4, if a Change of Control Event occurs and the 
Issuer does not elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 7.8, the then 
prevailing Rate of Interest, and each subsequent Rate of Interest otherwise determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4, in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall be increased by the 
Step Up Margin after Change of Control Event as specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Change of Control Effective Date. The Issuer shall promptly notify the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, the Trustee and, in accordance with 
Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders of such change to the Rate of Interest. 
4.4
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 4.1 or 4.2, as the case may be, above (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes or Floating Rate Subordinated Notes other than where the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, in which 
case the provisions of this Condition 4.4 shall not apply), if the Issuer, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to that Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 4.4 shall 
apply. 
(a)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders of such Successor Rate 
and that Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(b) 
subsequently be used by the Principal Paying Agent in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes (subject to the further operation 
of this Condition 4.4). 
If there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determines that there is an Alternative Rate, then the Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Subordinated Noteholders of such Alternative Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(b)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 4.4). 
(b)
Adjustment Spread 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate, an Adjustment Spread is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the

--- Page 220 ---
220
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, then the 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Subordinated Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall 
apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate. 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is formally recommended 
or provided as an option by any Relevant Nominating Body, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate, the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources 
as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, 
determines that there is an Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
16, the Subordinated Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent 
shall apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate and the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component 
part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
If no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, or the Issuer so determines that there is no such Adjustment Spread in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets and the Issuer further 
determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then the Adjustment Spread shall be: 
(i)
the Adjustment Spread determined by the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and following consultation with an Independent Adviser, as being the 
Adjustment Spread recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or  
(ii)
if there is no such industry standard recognised or acknowledged, such Adjustment 
Spread as the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines to be appropriate, having 
regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of 
reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the 
Subordinated Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply such 
Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
(c)
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4.4 and the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determines in its discretion (A) that amendments to these Conditions,

--- Page 221 ---
221
the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer and 
subject to the Issuer having given notice thereof (including notice of the information referred 
to in (A) and (B) above) to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Subordinated 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Subordinated Noteholders, use their reasonable endeavours to effect the necessary 
modifications to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement as may be 
required in order to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency Agreement in a form which is 
acceptable to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent) and the Trustee and/or the Principal 
Paying Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof and any Benchmark 
Amendments shall not increase the obligations or duties, or decrease the rights or protections, 
of the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee, as applicable, in these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed unless agreed in writing between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee, as applicable. 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 4.4(c), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4.4(c) shall be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Subordinated Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of such Benchmark Amendments. 
(d)
Independent Adviser 
In the event the Issuer is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any 
determination to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.4 or Conditions 4.1 and 
4.2(e) above, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.4 or Conditions 4.1 and 4.2(e) 
above shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of 
fraud or wilful default) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee or the 
Subordinated Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.4 
or Conditions 4.1 and 4.2(e) above or otherwise in connection with the Subordinated Notes. 
If the Issuer consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is an Alternative Rate 
and/or any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in relation to the quantum of, 
or any formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread and/or whether any 
Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or in relation to the terms of any such Benchmark 
Amendments, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be 
conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence 
of fraud or wilful default) the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever to the Subordinated 
Noteholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to that matter in 
accordance with any such written determination. 
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Subordinated Notes (acting in such 
capacity), shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Subordinated Noteholders.

--- Page 222 ---
222
(e)
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.4, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 4.2, 4.3, the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless 
and until the Issuer has determined the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of this Condition 4.4. 
(f)
Rating Event 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate will be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to result in reduction in or loss of equity credit or a shortening 
of the period of time the Subordinated Notes are eligible for the same or a higher category of 
equity credit (or such other nomenclature that a rating agency may then use to describe the 
degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) for the 
Subordinated Notes by any Rating Agency than the then respective equity credit (or such other 
nomenclature that a rating agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument 
exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) assigned on the Issue Date, or if equity credit 
is not assigned to the Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at 
the date when the equity credit is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time. 
(g)
Definitions 
In this Condition 4.4: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for calculating 
a spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may in either case be 
positive or negative and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) where the Original Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with this Condition 4.4 is used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Subordinated Notes; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(ii)
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to such specified date; 
(iii)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, is prohibited from being used or is no longer representative, or that its

--- Page 223 ---
223
use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences or, where such discontinuation, 
prohibition, loss of representativeness, restrictions or adverse consequences are to 
apply from a specified date after the making of any public statement to such effect, 
the later of the date of the making of such public statement and the date falling six 
months prior to such specified date; or 
(iv)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as applicable, become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or 
the Issuer to determine any Rate of Interest and/or calculate any Interest Amount using 
the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 or Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, if applicable). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate experience appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Subordinated Notes (provided that 
if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.
OPTIONAL INTEREST DEFERRAL 
5.1
Deferral of Payments 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer, in whole but not in part, payment of any amount 
of interest which is otherwise scheduled to be paid in respect of the Subordinated Notes on an Interest 
Payment Date (a "Deferred Interest Payment") by giving notice (a "Deferral Notice") of such 
election to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, the Trustee, the Registrar 
and the Paying Agents not less than 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Subject to Condition 5.2, if the Issuer elects so to defer payment of any such amount of interest on an 
Interest Payment Date, then it will not have any obligation to pay any amount in respect of such interest

--- Page 224 ---
224
on the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such non-payment of interest will not constitute an 
Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 12) or any other breach of its obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes or any default or breach of obligation by the Issuer for any other purpose. 
Voluntary payment of any amount in respect of the whole or any part of any Deferred Interest 
Payments ("Arrears of Interest") may be made at the option of the Issuer at any time (the "Optional 
Deferred Interest Settlement Date") following delivery of a notice to such effect given by the Issuer 
to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, the Trustee, the Registrar and the 
Paying Agents not less than 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Deferred Interest 
Settlement Date informing them of its election to so pay such Arrears of Interest, as well as specifying 
the amount of such Arrears of Interest to be so paid and the relevant Optional Deferred Interest 
Settlement Date. 
Any Arrears of Interest shall not accrue or otherwise bear interest and, subject to Condition 5.2, the 
Issuer shall be under no obligation to make payment of any Arrears of Interest and the non-payment 
of any Arrears of Interest will not constitute an Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 12) or any 
other breach of the Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes or any default or breach of 
obligation by the Issuer for any other purpose, unless in each case such payment is required in 
accordance with Condition 5.2, which shall be the only circumstances in which any payment of Arrears 
of Interest shall be required to be made by the Issuer. 
5.2
Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.1 relating to the ability of the Issuer to defer Interest 
Payments, the Issuer shall pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest, in whole and not in part, on the 
earliest of the following calendar days (each a "Mandatory Settlement Date") following the Interest 
Payment Date on which a Deferred Interest Payment first arose: 
(a)
the calendar day falling 10 Business Days after the day on which a dividend, other distribution 
or other payment was validly resolved for payment on, declared, paid, or made in respect of 
Junior Obligations or Parity Obligations (except where such dividend, other distribution or 
payment was required in respect of any employee share scheme); 
(b)
the calendar day falling 10 Business Days after the day on which the Issuer or any Subsidiary 
has redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired Junior Obligations or Parity Obligations 
(except where such redemption or repurchase was required in respect of any employee share 
scheme); 
(c)
the calendar day on which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed; 
(d)
the next Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer pays interest on the Subordinated Notes 
scheduled to be paid on such Interest Payment Date; or 
(e)
the calendar day after an order is made for the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer (other than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring while solvent, where the continuing entity assumes 
substantially all of the assets and obligations of the Issuer), 
provided that (i) in the case of each of (a) and (b) above, no Mandatory Settlement Date shall occur if 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary is obliged under the terms and conditions of such Junior Obligations or 
Parity Obligations to make such payment, redemption, repurchase or other acquisition; and (ii) in the 
case of (b) above, no Mandatory Settlement Date shall occur if the Issuer or any Subsidiary 
repurchases or otherwise acquires any Parity Obligations in whole or in part in a public tender offer 
or public exchange offer at a purchase price per Parity Obligation below its par value. The Issuer shall

--- Page 225 ---
225
promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, the Trustee and, 
in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders of any Mandatory Settlement Date. 
6.
PAYMENTS 
6.1
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
6.2
Presentation of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender 
or in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes, 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender or in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Subordinated Notes in definitive bearer form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons) upon the date on which any Subordinated Note in 
definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (to include another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet, if appropriate) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant 
to Condition 11). 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Subordinated Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Subordinated Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Subordinated Note.

--- Page 226 ---
226
6.3
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Subordinated Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Subordinated Notes represented by any Global 
Subordinated Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified 
above in relation to definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the 
relevant Global Subordinated Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case 
may be, of such Global Subordinated Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Subordinated Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4
Payments in respect of Registered Subordinated Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Subordinated Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made against presentation and surrender of the Registered Subordinated Note at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Subordinated Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Subordinated 
Notes maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the 
third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.  For these purposes, 
"Designated Account" means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non 
resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest (including Arrears of Interest (if any)) in respect of each Registered Subordinated 
Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the due date to the Designated 
Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Subordinated Note 
appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date").  
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Subordinated Note on redemption will be 
made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Subordinated Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Subordinated Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Subordinated Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Subordinated Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Subordinated Notes represented by such Global Subordinated Note and the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Subordinated Note in respect

--- Page 227 ---
227
of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Subordinated Notes 
represented by such Global Subordinated Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Subordinated Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Subordinated Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of 
principal and/or interest in respect of such Subordinated Notes will be made at the specified office of 
a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Subordinated Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States and other applicable law without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Subordinated Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 11) is: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i)
in the case of Subordinated Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(ii)
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b)
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET System is open; and 
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET System is open. 
6.7
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable:

--- Page 228 ---
228
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 10 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest and Arrears of Interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect 
to interest under Condition 10 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1
Redemption at maturity 
(a)
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Dated 
Subordinated Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b)
Undated Subordinated Notes are perpetual subordinated notes in respect of which there is no 
fixed redemption date and the Undated Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed by the 
Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) in accordance with the following provisions 
of this Condition 7. 
(c)
Subordinated Notes are not redeemable at the option of the Subordinated Noteholders at any 
time. 
7.2
Issuer's Call Option 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 7.2 
shall apply. 
The Issuer may, having giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Subordinated Notes  (a) if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, at any time during the Issuer Call Period so specified and (b) (i) on the First Reset Date, in the 
case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Fixed Reset Call Date thereafter; or (ii) 
on the Floating Rate Call Date, in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes or any Interest 
Payment Date thereafter, in each case, at their principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the 
expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
7.3
Redemption upon a Tax Event 
If Tax Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 7.3 
shall apply.  
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Tax Event has occurred, then the 
Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated

--- Page 229 ---
229
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and 
subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at 
(a)
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to; or  
(b)
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs during or after, 
if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the first day of the 
Issuer Call Period or, if Issuer Call Period is not so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Date, 
in the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or the Floating Rate Call Date, in the case of 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes, and together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
A "Tax Event" has occurred if an opinion of a recognised law firm or accounting firm of international 
standing has been delivered to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar and the Principal Paying Agent, 
stating that by reason of a change in the law or regulation (including but not limited to change in the 
official application of the provisions of the law of 22 December 2023 transposing in Luxembourg the 
Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523, with respect to the manner of determination of the taxable basis 
of the Issuer) of the Tax Jurisdiction, or any change in the official application or interpretation of 
such law or regulation, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments 
under the Subordinated Notes and/or of the Issuer is modified and such modification results in 
payments of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes being no longer 
deductible for corporate income tax purposes in whole or in part, or the Issuer being subject to 
additional top-up taxes in the sense of the Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523, and such risk cannot be 
avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. 
7.4
Redemption upon an Accounting Event 
If Accounting Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 
7.4 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, an Accounting Event has occurred, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption) and subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in 
the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at: 
(a)
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to; or  
(b)
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs during or after,  
if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the first day of the 
Issuer Call Period or, if Issuer Call Period is not so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Date, 
in the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or the Floating Rate Call Date, in the case of 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes, and together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 230 ---
230
An "Accounting Event" has occurred if an accountancy firm of international standing, acting upon 
instructions of the Issuer, has delivered a letter or report to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar and 
the Principal Paying Agent, stating that as a result of a change in accounting principles (or the 
application thereof) since the Issue Date (the "Change"), the Subordinated Notes may not or may 
no longer be recorded as "equity" in the audited annual or the semi-annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer pursuant to IFRS or any other accounting standards that may replace IFRS for 
the purposes of preparing the annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may also redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 7.4 as a result 
of the occurrence of an Accounting Event from (and including) the date on which the Change is 
officially adopted, which may fall before the date on which the Change will come into effect. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards. 
7.5
Redemption upon a Rating Event 
If Rating Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 7.5 
shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Rating Event has occurred, then 
the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, 
the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and 
subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at: 
(a)
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to; or  
(b)
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs during or after,  
if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the first day of the 
Issuer Call Period or, if Issuer Call Period is not so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Date, 
in the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or the Floating Rate Call Date, in the case of 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes, and together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
A "Rating Event" has occurred if the Issuer has received, and has provided the Trustee, the Registrar 
and the Principal Paying Agent with a copy of, written confirmation from any Rating Agency from 
whom the Issuer is assigned Solicited Ratings either directly or via a publication by such Rating 
Agency, that an amendment, clarification or change has occurred in the equity credit (or such other 
nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument 
exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) criteria of such Rating Agency effective after the 
Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes (or, if later, effective after the date when the equity credit is 
assigned to the Subordinated Notes by such Rating Agency for the first time), which amendment, 
clarification or change results in: 
(i)
a lower equity credit for the Subordinated Notes (or if the Subordinated Notes have been 
partially or fully re-financed since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for equity credit 
in part or in full as a result, such amendment, clarification or change would have resulted in a 
lower equity credit for the Subordinated Notes had they not been re-financed) than the then 
respective equity credit assigned on the Issue Date, or if equity credit is not assigned to the

--- Page 231 ---
231
Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date when equity 
credit is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time; or 
(ii)
the period of time the Subordinated Notes are eligible for the same or a higher category of 
equity credit (or such other nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then use to describe the 
degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) attributed to 
the Subordinated Notes at the Issue Date (or the date when the equity credit is assigned for the 
first time by such Rating Agency, as the case may be) being shortened. 
"Rating Agency" means any of the following rating agencies: S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P"), Moody’s Investors Service Ltd ("Moody’s") or Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") or any of their 
respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from 
time to time by the Issuer.
"Solicited Ratings" means a rating assigned by a Rating Agency with whom the Issuer has a 
contractual relationship under which the Subordinated Notes are assigned a rating. 
7.6
Redemption upon a Gross-up Event  
If Gross-up Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 
7.6 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Gross-up Event has occurred, then 
the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, 
the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and 
subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at their principal amount, 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption and any 
remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated 
Notes. 
A "Gross-up Event" has occurred if (i) an opinion of a recognised law firm or accounting firm of 
international standing has been delivered to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar and the Principal 
Paying Agent, stating that, by reason of any change in the law or regulation of the Tax Jurisdiction, or 
the official application or interpretation of such law or regulation in respect of the Issuer affecting 
taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the 
Issuer is required to pay additional amounts on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and (ii) this 
obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. However, no 
such notice of early redemption due to the occurrence of a Gross-up Event may be given (i) earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes was then due, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such additional amounts does not remain in effect. 
7.7
Redemption upon a Repurchase Event 
If Repurchase Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 
7.7 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Repurchase Event has occurred, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for

--- Page 232 ---
232
redemption) and subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in 
the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at their principal 
amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption and 
any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the 
Subordinated Notes. 
A "Repurchase Event" has occurred if 75 per cent. or more of the originally issued aggregate principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes (including any further issues pursuant to Condition 19) have been 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer or any Subsidiary pursuant to the provisions of this 
Condition 7. 
7.8
Redemption for Change of Control Event 
If Change of Control Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this 
Condition 7.8 shall apply. 
If a Change of Control Event has occurred, the Issuer will fix the Change of Control Effective Date 
and give notice of the Change of Control Event and the Change of Control Effective Date within 7 
calendar days following the Change of Control Event (the "Change of Control Notice"). The Issuer 
may, subject to having given not less than 45 days’ notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal 
Paying Agent after publication of the Change of Control Notice and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Change of 
Control Effective Date), redeem in accordance with these Conditions on the Change of Control 
Effective Date all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at their principal amount, together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining 
Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
A "Change of Control Event" occurs when a person or persons (in each case, other than Avisco 
Limited and/or Avisco Group Limited and/or Gabrilet Limited and/or Vergepoint Limited), acting 
together, acquire Control of the Issuer (a "Change of Control"), and immediately prior to the 
commencement of the Change of Control Period, the Issuer carries (with the agreement of the Issuer) 
from any Rating Agency: (x) an investment grade credit rating (Baa3 by Moody’s, BBB- by S&P, 
BBB- by Fitch, or equivalent, or better), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change 
of Control Period either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1 by Moody’s, BB+ 
by S&P, BB+ by Fitch or equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and is not within such Change of Control 
Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by 
such Rating Agency or (in the case of withdrawal) replaced by an investment grade credit rating from 
any other Rating Agency; or (y) a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1 by Moody’s, BB+ by S&P, 
BB+ by Fitch or equivalent, or worse), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within such Change 
of Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) 
and is not within such Change of Control Period subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or 
better by such Rating Agency, provided that if, immediately prior to the commencement of the Change 
of Control Period, the Issuer carries (with the agreement of the Issuer) a rating from more than one 
Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment grade, then subparagraph (x) will apply; and in 
making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or 
confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence 
of the Change of Control. If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from 
those which are described in this Condition, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of the 
Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of the Rating 
Agency and this Condition shall be read accordingly. 
"Control" means (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights of the 
Issuer; or (ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the Issuer’s

--- Page 233 ---
233
board of directors or other governing body, in each case, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and 
whether obtained by the ownership of Share Capital, by the possession of Voting Rights, by contract, 
trust or otherwise. 
"Change of Control Effective Date" means the date fixed by the Issuer in the Change of Control 
Notice, which: 
(i)
must be a Business Day; 
(ii)
must fall not less than 45 days and not more than 60 days after publication of the Change 
of Control Notice; and 
(iii)
must, if at the relevant time any Qualifying Debt Securities are outstanding, be at least one 
day after the date on which a put notice of the holders of the Qualifying Debt Securities due 
to the Change of Control (or a similar concept) becomes effective. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control, and (ii) ending on the date which is 120 days after 
the date on which the relevant Change of Control occurs.  
"Qualifying Debt Securities" means any current or future indebtedness that: 
(i)
is in the form of, or represented by, a certificate of indebtedness or notes or other securities 
which are or are capable of being quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other 
recognised securities market, including Schuldschein (whether or not initially distributed by 
way of private placement); 
(ii)
is either issued directly by the Issuer or indirectly by any other entity and benefits from a 
guarantee of the Issuer; 
(iii)
is not subordinated; and  
(iv)
benefits from a rating from a Rating Agency. 
7.9
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Subordinated Notes (provided 
that, in the case of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such 
Subordinated Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any 
Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10
Cancellation 
All Subordinated Notes which are redeemed or substituted by the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time 
of redemption).  All Subordinated Notes so cancelled and any Subordinated Notes purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8.
SUBSTITUTION OR VARIATION 
If a Tax Event, an Accounting Event, a Rating Event or a Gross-up Event (subject to any such event 
being specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) (each a "Substitution or Variation 
Event") has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to Condition 9 (without any requirement for the

--- Page 234 ---
234
consent or approval of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders) and subject to its having 
satisfied the Trustee immediately prior to the giving of any notice referred to herein that the provisions 
of this Condition 8 have been complied with, and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time either: 
(a)
substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes; or  
(b)
vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes with the effect that they remain or become (as the 
case may be), Qualifying Subordinated Notes,  
and the Trustee shall (subject to the following provisions of this Condition 8 and subject to the receipt 
by it of the certificate of two members of the board of directors of the Issuer referred to in Condition 
9) agree to such substitution or variation. 
Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or, as the case may be, substitute 
the Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 8. 
The Trustee shall, at the expense of the Issuer, use reasonable endeavours to assist the Issuer in the 
substitution of the Subordinated Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the Subordinated Notes so 
that they remain, or as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, provided that the Trustee 
shall not be obliged to participate in, or assist with, any such substitution or variation if the terms of 
the proposed Qualifying Subordinated Notes or the participation in or assistance with such substitution 
or variation would impose, in the Trustee's opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
liabilities or reduce its protections. If the Trustee does not participate or assist as provided above, the 
Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes as provided in Condition 7. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 8, the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a 
Substitution or Variation Event shall only be permitted if it does not give rise to any other Substitution 
or Variation Event with respect to the Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a 
Substitution or Variation Event shall only be permitted if it does not result in the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes no longer being eligible for the same, or a higher amount of, "equity credit" (or 
such other nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an 
instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) as is attributed to the Subordinated Notes 
on the date notice is given to Subordinated Noteholders of the substitution or variation. 
In these Conditions:  
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means subordinated notes that: 
(a)
are issued by the Issuer or any wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer 
(a "Qualifying Subordinated Note Issuer") with a guarantee of such obligations by the 
Issuer; 
(b)
if issued by the Issuer, rank pari passu in a winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer with any 
Parity Obligations;

--- Page 235 ---
235
(c)
if issued by a wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer, rank pari passu
in a winding-up or liquidation of the Qualifying Subordinated Note Issuer with any present or 
future obligation which (i) is issued by the Qualifying Subordinated Note Issuer and the 
obligations under which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Qualifying 
Subordinated Note Issuer's obligations under such subordinated notes, or (ii) benefits from a 
guarantee or support agreement that ranks or is expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Qualifying Subordinated Note Issuer's obligations under such subordinated notes; 
(d)
save in the case of a direct issue by the Issuer, benefit from a guarantee that ranks in relation 
to the obligations of the Issuer under such subordinated notes and/or such guarantee (as the 
case may be), equally with the Subordinated Notes and pari passu in a winding-up or 
liquidation of the Issuer with any Parity Obligations; 
(e)
contain terms not materially less favourable to Subordinated Noteholders than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer or Qualifying Subordinated Note 
Issuer, in each case acting in good faith) and which: 
(i)
provide for the same Rate of Interest from time to time as applied to the Subordinated 
Notes immediately prior to such substitution or variation and preserve the same 
Interest Payment Dates; 
(ii)
preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any 
right) of the Issuer as to principal and as to redemption of the Subordinated Notes, 
including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such 
redemption; 
(iii)
preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any accrued interest, any 
Deferred Interest Payments, any Arrears of Interest and any other amounts payable 
under the Subordinated Notes which, in each case, has accrued to Subordinated 
Noteholders and not been paid; 
(iv)
do not provide for the mandatory deferral or cancellation of payments of interest 
and/or principal; 
(v)
do not provide for loss absorption through principal write down or conversion to 
ordinary shares; and 
(vi)
may include a feature which contains a term for the mandatory repayment of such 
subordinated notes on a specified date which shall not be earlier than the next 
following date on which the Subordinated Notes may otherwise be redeemed under 
Condition 7.2 (and the inclusion of such feature shall be deemed not to be materially 
less favourable to Subordinated Noteholders as compared with the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes); 
(f)
are (i) listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading 
on its regulated market or (ii) listed on such other internationally recognised exchange 
platform in an OECD country as is selected by the Issuer or Qualifying Subordinated Note 
Issuer and approved by the Trustee; and 
(g)
will, immediately after such substitution or variation, be assigned at least the same credit 
rating(s) by the same Rating Agencies as may have been assigned to the Subordinated Notes 
by way of Solicited Ratings immediately prior to such substitution or variation.

--- Page 236 ---
236
9.
PRECONDITIONS TO TAX EVENT, ACCOUNTING EVENT, RATING EVENT, GROSS-
UP EVENT, REPURCHASE EVENT, SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Conditions 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7 or 
any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee: 
(a)
a certificate signed by two members of the board of directors of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. In relation 
to a substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8, such certificate shall also include further 
certifications that the criteria specified in paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes will be satisfied by the Qualifying Subordinated Notes upon issue and 
that such determinations were reached by the Issuer in consultation with an independent 
investment bank of international repute, an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
expertise or independent counsel of recognised standing; 
(b)
in the case of a substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8 only, an opinion from 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing confirming: 
(i)
that the Issuer has capacity to assume all rights and obligations under the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes and has obtained all necessary corporate or governmental 
authorisation to assume all such rights and obligations (either as primary debtor or as 
a guarantor of a wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer that 
assumes the role of primary debtor in respect of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) 
and, in the case of a wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer 
that assumes the role of primary debtor in respect of the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes, that such finance subsidiary (as the case may be) has capacity to assume all 
rights and obligations under the Qualifying Subordinated Notes and has obtained all 
necessary corporate or governmental authorisation to assume all such rights and 
obligations; and 
(ii)
the legality, validity and enforceability of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes, 
and the Trustee may rely absolutely upon and shall be entitled to accept such certificate and 
any such opinions without any liability to any person for so doing and without any further 
inquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in such 
paragraphs in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Subordinated Noteholders. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether any Tax Event, Accounting Event, Rating 
Event, Gross-up Event, Repurchase Event, Change of Control Event or Change of Control or any event 
which could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, any such Tax Event, Accounting Event, 
Rating Event, Gross-up Event, Repurchase Event, Change of Control Event or Change of Control, has 
occurred and, until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the 
contrary, the Trustee may assume that no such Tax Event, Accounting Event, Rating Event, Gross-up 
Event, Repurchase Event, Change of Control Event or Change of Control or such other event has 
occurred. 
10.
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the

--- Page 237 ---
237
Subordinated Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Subordinated Note or Coupon: 
(a)
presented for payment in Luxembourg; or 
(b)
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Subordinated Note or 
Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of such Subordinated Note or Coupon; or 
(c)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6).  
As used herein: 
(i)
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii)
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
11.
PRESCRIPTION 
The Subordinated Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 11 or Condition 6.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
12.
ENFORCEMENT 
12.1
Proceedings 
If a default is made by the Issuer in the payment of any principal or any interest (including any Arrears 
of Interest) when due in respect of the Subordinated Notes or any of them and the default continues 
for a period of 30 days (an "Enforcement Event"), then the Issuer shall without notice from the 
Trustee be deemed to be in default under the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons 
and the Trustee at its sole discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the Subordinated 
Noteholders of at least 51 per cent. in principal amount of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding or 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject to Condition 12.3), institute proceedings 
for the winding-up of the Issuer.  
Subject to the next paragraph, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, (whether instituted by the 
Trustee as aforesaid or otherwise), any Subordinated Notes will become immediately due and payable 
at their principal amount together with all accrued and unpaid interest in respect thereof, and the

--- Page 238 ---
238
Trustee may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 51 per cent. in principal amount 
of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall 
(subject to Condition 12.3), prove and/or claim in such winding-up in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes, such claim being for such amount, and being subordinated in such manner, as is provided under 
Condition 3. 
A "winding-up" includes, without limitation, any procedure or proceeding in relation to an entity 
becoming bankrupt (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation, moratorium or reprieve 
from payment (sursis de paiement), reorganisation or any other similar proceedings affecting the rights 
of creditors generally, and shall be construed so as to include any equivalent or analogous liquidation 
or reorganisation proceedings. 
12.2
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at its discretion (subject to Condition 12.3) and without further notice institute such 
proceedings or take such steps or actions against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any term or 
condition binding on the Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons but in 
no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, steps or actions, be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
12.3
Entitlement of the Trustee 
The Trustee shall not be bound to take any of the actions referred to in Condition 12.1 or 12.2 above 
to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes or any other action or step under or 
pursuant to the Trust Deed or the Subordinated Notes unless (i) it shall have been so requested by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Subordinated Noteholders or in writing by the holders of at least 51 
per cent. in principal amount of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
12.4
Right of Subordinated Noteholders 
No Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
or to institute proceedings for the winding-up or claim in the liquidation of the Issuer or to prove in 
such winding-up unless the Trustee, having become so bound to proceed, institute, prove or claim, 
fails or is unable to do so within 60 days and such failure or inability shall be continuing, in which 
case the Subordinated Noteholder shall have only such rights in respect of its Subordinated Notes 
against the Issuer as those which the Trustee is entitled to exercise in respect of such Subordinated 
Notes as set out in this Condition 12. 
12.5
Extent of Subordinated Noteholders' remedy 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 12 shall be available to the 
Trustee, the Subordinated Noteholders or the Couponholders, whether for the recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or under the Trust Deed or in respect of any 
other breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Coupons or under the Trust Deed. 
Nothing in this Condition 12 shall affect or prejudice the payment of the costs, charges, expenses, 
liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee or Agents or the rights and remedies of the Trustee or the 
Agents in respect thereof. 
13.
REPLACEMENT OF SUBORDINATED NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS

--- Page 239 ---
239
Should any Subordinated Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Subordinated Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes) upon 
payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and 
on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced 
Subordinated Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14.
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;  
(b)
so long as the Subordinated Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by 
any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Subordinated Notes) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes) with 
a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority;  
(c)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(d)
whenever a function expressed in these Conditions to be performed by the Agent Bank or by 
the Reference Banks fails to be performed, the Issuer will appoint and (for so long as such 
function is required to be performed) there will at all times be an Agent Bank and/or, as 
appropriate, Reference Banks.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Subordinated Noteholders promptly by 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16. If any of the Registrar, the Agent Bank or the Principal 
Paying Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if it fails to make a determination or calculation 
or otherwise fails to perform its duties under these Conditions or the Agency Agreement (as the case 
may be), the Issuer shall appoint, an independent financial institution to act as such in its place. All 
calculations and determinations made by the Agent Bank or the Principal Paying Agent in relation to 
the Subordinated Notes shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the other Agents and the Subordinated Noteholders. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of 
agency or trust with, any Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
15.
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon

--- Page 240 ---
240
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Subordinated Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 11. 
16.
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Subordinated Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published 
in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on 
such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Subordinated Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by 
first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of 
joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Subordinated 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules (if any). 
Until such time as any definitive Subordinated Notes are issued, and for so long as any Global 
Subordinated Notes representing the Subordinated Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in lieu of such publication in such newspaper(s) or such 
mailing, Noteholders may be arranged through the systems of the delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Subordinated Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange 
or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules (if any).  Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Subordinated Notes on the day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Subordinated Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Subordinated Note in definitive form) with the relative Subordinated Note 
or Subordinated Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Subordinated Notes) or 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes).  Whilst any of the Subordinated Notes 
are represented by a Global Subordinated Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Subordinated Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
17.
MEETINGS OF SUBORDINATED NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Subordinated Noteholders 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of 
the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed.  Such a meeting may

--- Page 241 ---
241
be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by 
Subordinated Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.   
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Subordinated Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying any 
redemption date of the Subordinated Notes, reducing or cancelling the nominal amount payable upon 
redemption, reducing or cancelling the amount payable or modifying any date for payment of interest 
or the method of calculating the rate thereon and altering the currency of payment of the Subordinated 
Notes or the Coupons in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than one-quarter in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding.  
The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such 
resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent 
given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to 
the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Subordinated Noteholders.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Subordinated 
Noteholders will be binding on all the Subordinated Noteholders, whether or not they are present at 
any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The agreement or approval of the Subordinated Noteholders shall not be required in the case of any 
variation of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed which is required to be made in 
the circumstances described in Condition 8 in connection with the substitution or variation of the terms 
of the Subordinated Notes so that they become Qualifying Subordinated Notes under Condition 8. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders, to 
any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of the Subordinated Notes or the Trust Deed where it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Subordinated Noteholders so to do or may agree, without 
any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
to correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven.  Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Subordinated Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to agree to such modifications to the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to Conditions 4.4(c) and 
4.2(b)(iv) in connection with effecting (i) any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and Adjustment Spread 
and/or (ii) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, 
SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, or, in 
each case, any related changes referred to in Conditions 4.4(c) and 4.2(b)(iv), respectively, without 
the requirement for the consent or sanction of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders.

--- Page 242 ---
242
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Subordinated Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to 
any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Subordinated Noteholders or 
Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard 
to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-
division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Subordinated Noteholder 
or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual 
Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 10 
and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 10 pursuant 
to the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal 
debtor under the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being (A) 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer; or (B) any Successor in Business, in each case, subject to (i) (except in the 
case of a Successor in Business) the Subordinated Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Issuer, (ii) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Subordinated 
Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution and (iii) certain other conditions set 
out in the Trust Deed being complied with including that none of the early redemption events specified 
in Conditions 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6 occurs as a consequence of the substitution of the Issuer. 
As used herein, "Successor in Business" means: 
(a)
any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Issuer with any other corporation (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the Issuer is the continuing 
corporation); or 
(b)
any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Issuer to another entity 
(whether by operation of law or otherwise). 
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended (the "Companies Law") shall not apply.
18.
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for 
the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard 
to the interests of, or consequences for, the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to 
retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby 
or in connection therewith.
19.
FURTHER ISSUES

--- Page 243 ---
243
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders 
or the Couponholders to create and issue further Subordinated Notes having terms and conditions the 
same as the Subordinated Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Subordinated Notes. 
20.
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Subordinated Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
21.
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
21.1
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law save for the provisions contained in Condition 3 which shall be governed by Luxembourg law.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Law shall not 
apply. 
21.2
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a)
Subject to Condition 21.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes and/or 
the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Subordinated 
Notes and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee 
and any Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 21.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c)
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Subordinated Noteholders and the 
Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other 
court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
21.3
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any 
process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
21.4
Other documents

--- Page 244 ---
244
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above.

--- Page 245 ---
245
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit. If in respect of an issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 246 ---
246
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Formation, Incorporation, Registered Office, Name, Financial Year  
The Issuer is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) duly governed by the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg ("Luxembourg"), in particular by the Companies Act 1915, and is registered with the 
Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés) under the registration 
number B217868. The Issuer was incorporated on 7 May 2004 in Cyprus under the name Redspot Media 
Limited. The commercial name of the Issuer is Aroundtown. The duration of the Issuer is unlimited.  
The address and registered office of the Issuer is at 37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg. The 
telephone number of the Issuer's registered office is +352 288 313. The website of the Issuer is 
https://www.aroundtown.de/. The information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The financial year of the Issuer is the calendar year. 
Group Structure 
The Issuer is the parent company of Aroundtown, which consists of approximately 2,400 companies. These 
companies are located primarily in Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, the UK and Cyprus. The Issuer 
conducts its business through itself and through the other members of Aroundtown. 
The Issuer's shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with 
simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with additional post-admission obligations 
(Prime Standard) (ISIN: LU1673108939). As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer holds approximately 62.7% of 
the shares in GCP, excluding shares held by GCP, which is admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange with simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with 
additional post-admission obligations (Prime Standard) (ISIN: LU0775917882). Following obtaining de facto
control over GCP, Aroundtown consolidated GCP into its accounts from 1 July 2021. 
The following diagram sets forth the structure of the Issuer in a simplified form as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus:

--- Page 247 ---
247
(1) Unless otherwise indicated, the Issuer owns the majority of voting rights in the entities reflected in the above structure chart. The 
Issuer in addition holds minority interests in certain entities not reflected in the structure chart that it considers not material. 
(2) The Issuer’s 62.7% interest in GCP is primarily held through its wholly-owned subsidiary Edolaxia Group Limited, which is not 
shown in the diagram for simplification purposes. GCP is a listed company.  
(3) The Issuer’s 88.2% interest in TLG is held directly by the Issuer. TLG is a public unlisted company. TLG holds approximately 
98% of WCM AG and in addition controls WCM AG through a domination agreement.  
(4) The Issuer’s 99.9% interest in Primecity is held through its wholly owned subsidiaries Alfortia Ltd., Bluestyle Ltd. and Zipernoco 
Ltd., which are not shown in the diagram for simplification purposes.  
(5) Sub-holdings, having their respective registered seats primarily in Cyprus and the Netherlands.  
(6) Real estate companies having their respective registered seats in different European countries.  
(7) Real estate companies, having their respective registered seats primarily in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and Luxembourg.  
(8) Real estate companies having their respective registered seats mainly in Germany.  
(9) The Issuer’s 30.4% interest in GWI is held through the joint venture investees Tevat Ltd. and Zakiono Enterprises Ltd., which are 
not shown in the diagram for simplification purposes.  
(10) Real estate companies, having their respective registered seats mainly in the UK and Luxembourg. 
The Group includes certain investees comprising long-term investments in joint venture undertakings in which 
Aroundtown exercises significant influence but which are not consolidated. Details of the Group’s material 
investees as of 31 December 2023 are disclosed in Note 16.2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements on page 205 of the 2023 Financial Statements. The basis on which the Group determines whether 
it controls an investee and thus whether such investee is consolidated as a subsidiary is disclosed in Note 3.2 
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 172 to 173 of the 2023 Financial Statements 
and is in line with International Accounting Standard 28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, no such investees are consolidated as subsidiaries of the Issuer. 
Business Overview 
The Issuer is a specialist real estate company, with a focus on income generating quality properties with value-
add potential in central locations in top tier cities primarily in the German and Dutch as well as London real 
estate markets. Aroundtown invests in commercial and residential real estate assets which benefit from strong 
fundamentals and growth prospects. 
Operating with a fully integrated real estate value chain, Aroundtown targets cash generating properties with 
upside potential in terms of rental income and/or occupancy, lease and tenant structure, cost level optimisation 
and consequential value. Through an intensive property operational repositioning, Aroundtown seeks to further 
Aroundtown SA
(1)
Grand City 
Properties S.A.
(2)
TLG IMMOBILIEN 
AG
 (3)
ATF 
Netherlands 
B.V.
AT Securities 
B.V.
Aroundtown 
Holdings B.V.
Aroundtown 
Holdings S.à r.l.
Aroundtown 
Ltd.
Primecity 
Investment Plc
(4)
Property 
Companies
 (6)
Sub-holding 
Company 
(Netherlands)
Property 
Companies
 (10)
Sub-holding 
Company 
(Luxembourg)
Globalworth Real 
Estate Investments 
Ltd.
 (9)
Property 
Companies
 (7)
Sub-holding 
Companies
 (5)
Aroundtown 
Real Estate Ltd.
Sub-holding 
Company 
(Cyprus)
Property 
Companies
 (8)
Sub-holding 
Company 
(Cyprus)
ATF 
Netherlands 
B.V.

--- Page 248 ---
248
improve the portfolio results, creating secure and strong cash flow generating characteristics and benefits from 
the internal growth potential. This enables the Issuer to create significant value in its portfolio. 
History 
The Issuer has been active in the German real estate market since 2004 and has built a diversified and growing 
real estate portfolio consisting primarily of commercial and residential real estate in Germany, the Netherlands 
and the UK. The Issuer holds residential real estate through its subsidiary GCP, a publicly traded specialist 
residential real estate company which invests in densely populated areas primarily in Germany as well as in 
London.   
The Issuer was founded as a private limited liability company in Cyprus in May 2004 under the name Redspot 
Media Limited and changed its name to Aroundtown Property Holdings Limited in October 2004. In 
November 2014, the Issuer became a public limited liability company in Cyprus under the name Aroundtown 
Property Holdings plc. On 13 September 2017, the Issuer completed the transfer of its registered office and 
principal place of business from the Republic of Cyprus to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, without 
dissolution and with full corporate and legal continuance as a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) under the name Aroundtown SA. The shares of the Issuer were listed on the Paris Euronext stock 
exchange from June 2015 until December 2017 and are currently admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with 
additional post-admission obligations (Prime Standard). GCP’s shares were included on the Open Market of 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in the Entry Standard segment in May 2012. In May 2017, GCP’s shares were 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with simultaneous admission to 
the sub-segment of the regulated market with additional post-admission obligations (Prime Standard). In July 
2021, the Issuer resolved upon the accounting consolidation of GCP in its financial statements, effective as of 
1 July 2021. The decision followed a thorough analysis of several cumulative circumstances which resulted, 
from an accounting perspective in a position of de facto control, as defined under IFRS. Starting from the 
period following the initial deconsolidation of GCP until the accounting consolidation starting on 1 July 2021, 
GCP was included in Aroundtown’s financial statements as an equity accounted investee. In December 2019, 
the Issuer commenced a voluntary public takeover offer for all the shares in TLG, which concluded in February 
2020 with an acceptance rate of 77.5%. In November 2021, the Issuer commenced a voluntary public delisting 
tender offer for the acquisition of all shares in TLG not already held by the Issuer. Following the conclusion 
of the acceptance period, TLG was delisted in December 2021.
In December 2015, S&P assigned the Issuer an investment grade long term corporate credit rating of "BBB", 
and in June 2016, S&P upgraded the Issuer's credit rating to "BBB" with a stable outlook. In December 2016, 
S&P assigned the Issuer a short-term corporate credit rating of "A-2". In December 2017, S&P upgraded the 
Issuer’s credit rating to "BBB+" with a stable outlook. In June 2023, S&P revised the credit rating outlook of 
the Issuer from stable to negative while affirming the “BBB+” investment grade rating assigned to the Issuer.  
Since 2014, the Issuer has completed a number of capital markets transactions and raised over €22 billion, 
including gross proceeds from share capital increases and the issuance of perpetual notes, mandatory 
convertible notes, convertible bonds, straight bonds and other financing instruments, such as Schuldscheine 
issuances in Germany. 
Since its listing on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in 2012, GCP has successfully accessed the capital markets 
and issued shares and debt securities in an aggregate volume of over €8 billion, including gross proceeds from 
share capital increases and the issuance of perpetual notes, convertible bonds and straight bonds.  
Recent Developments 
As at 31 December 2023, an amount of €409.4 million was presented as a disposal group held for sale, of 
which €408.3 million comprised of investment property. This is in line with the strategic decision to strengthen 
the Group’s core real estate portfolio. Aroundtown intends to sell the outstanding assets within the next twelve 
months.

--- Page 249 ---
249
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had commitments for future capex on the real estate properties and 
guarantees of approximately €0.4 billion. Furthermore, the Group had signed several deals to sell real estate 
at a volume of approximately €0.2 billion, which were not yet completed and are subject to conditions 
precedent. Aroundtown estimates the completion of the transactions to take place within the next twelve 
months. 
On 10 April 2024, the Issuer announced the results of voluntary exchange and tender offers of four series of 
Aroundtown euro denominated perpetual notes and two series of GCP euro denominated perpetual notes. As 
a result of such offers, the Group issued approximately €1.6 billion of new perpetual notes across three 
different series and simultaneously repurchased €136 million of perpetual notes via tender offer.  
On 1 May 2024, the Issuer announced the results of its voluntary exchange and tender offers in respect of 
certain series of GBP and USD denominated perpetual notes. As a result of such offers, the Issuer issued USD 
494 million and GBP 345 million of new perpetual notes across two different series and simultaneously 
repurchases USD 60 million and GBP 35 million of perpetual notes via tender offer.  
The Property Portfolio 
Overview 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer assessed the total market value of its real estate investment portfolio, 
excluding assets held for sale and its relative share in its associates, at €24.6 billion (as compared to €28.0 
billion as at 31 December 2022). The decrease since 31 December 2022 is mainly due to negative property 
revaluations, movement of investment property into assets held for sale and disposals of investment property. 
As at 31 December 2023, excluding assets held for sale, Aroundtown’s portfolio includes 9.4 million square 
metres of office, residential, hotel, retail and logistics/other real estate primarily in large urban areas in 
Germany, such as Berlin, NRW, Dresden/Leipzig/Halle, Frankfurt, Munich, Wiesbaden/Mainz/Mannheim, 
Hamburg/Lüneburger Heide, Stuttgart, Hannover, Nuremberg and Bremen as well as in Amsterdam, 
Rotterdam and Utrecht in the Netherlands, and London in the UK. 
The portfolio includes a comprehensive tenant base of over 3,000 commercial tenants as of 31 December 2023, 
which is diversified over a wide range of market sectors. Primary tenants in the Group’s portfolio include 
Center Parcs, Siemens, the German federal and regional governments, Deutsche Bundesbank, Deutsche Bahn, 
VBG Verwaltungs-Berufsgenossenschaft, the Dutch national and regional governments, Hilton and others. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s portfolio consists of 40% office, 33% residential, 21% hotels, 2% 
logistics/other and 4% retail. The monthly annualised net rental income for the portfolio was €1.1 billion as of 
31 December 2023 at an average monthly in-place rent of €10.7 per square metre. The EPRA Vacancy Rate 
as of December 2023 was 7.9%. As of December 2023, the WALT of the commercial portfolio was 
approximately 7.4 years.

--- Page 250 ---
250
Porfolio Breakdown by Value 
*including development rights & invest and excluding properties held for sale 
Portfolio Geographical Breakdown by Value 
*including development rights & invest and excluding properties held for sale  
Residential 33%
Hotel 21%
Office 40%
Logistics / Other 2% 
Retail 4%
GROUP ASSET 
TYPE 
BREAKDOWN
December 2023 
by value*
December 2023 
by value*
GROUP  
REGIONAL 
DISTRIBUTION
Berlin 24% 
NRW 14% 
London 8%
Frankfurt 7%
Munich 7%
Dresden/Leipzig/ 
Halle 7% 
Wiesbaden/Mainz/ 
Mannheim 3% 
Amsterdam 2% 
Hamburg/LH 2% 
Stuttgart/BB 1%
Bremen 1%
Nuremberg 1%
Others 20%
Utrecht 1%
Rotterdam 1%
Hannover 1%

--- Page 251 ---
251
Office Geographical Breakdown by Value – including development rights & invest and excluding properties 
held for sale 
Grand City Properties (residential portfolio) 
As 31 December 2023, the total market value of GCP’s real estate portfolio (excluding assets held for sale) 
amounted to €8.6 billion and comprised approximately 63,303 units. As of 31 December 2023, GCP's property 
portfolio generated an average monthly in-place rent of €8.6 per square metre, with an EPRA Vacancy Rate 
of 3.8%. As of 31 December 2023, the monthly annualised net rental income for GCP's property portfolio was 
€406 million. 
OFFICE 
December 2023 
by value
Berlin 27% 
Frankfurt 15%
Munich 14%
NRW 11%
Amsterdam 5%
Dresden/Leipzig/Halle 4%
Rotterdam 3%
Hamburg 1% 
London 1% 
Others 8%
Nuremberg 1% 
Hannover 1%
Utrecht 2%
Stuttgart 2% 
Warsaw 2% 
Wiesbaden/Mainz/Mannheim 3%

--- Page 252 ---
252
GCP regional distribution – including development rights & invest and excluding properties held for sale 
Hotel portfolio – including development rights & invest and excluding properties held for sale 
The portfolio also includes hotel assets with a total value, excluding development rights, of €4.6 billion as of 
31 December 2023, consisting of 1.6 million square metres with a focus on key locations with large catchment 
areas throughout Germany and major Western European metropolitans. Aroundtown's hotels are leased 
primarily on a long-term basis to third-party tenants. 
The tenants of Aroundtown's hotel assets have entered into franchise agreements mainly with the following 
hotel brand franchisor enterprises: Center Parcs, InterContinental, Sheraton, Marriott, Radisson Hotel Group, 
Steigenberger, Holiday Inn, Wyndham, TRYP by Wyndham, Penta Hotels, Mercure, ibis, Best Western, 
Precise Hotel Collection, Novum Group, Wyndham GARDEN, Days Inn, NH Hotel Group, Meliã Hotels, 
Accor Hotels, Seminaris and Hilton. The majority of Aroundtown's hotel assets are categorised as "4 star" 
properties, which the Issuer believes allows it to meet the rising market demand for both business and leisure 
travel. 
Berlin 23%
NRW 21%
London 19%
Dresden/
Leipzig/ 
Halle 14%
GCP 
REGIONAL 
DISTRIBUTION 
December 2023 
by value 
Nuremberg/Fürth/Munich 3% 
Hamburg/Bremen 5% 
Mannheim/KL/Frankfurt/Mainz 5%
Others 10%

--- Page 253 ---
253
Hotel Geographical Breakdown by Value (including development rights & invest and excluding properties 
held for sale) and Star Category 
Portfolio Breakdown by Asset Type and Region 
The following tables provide a breakdown of the portfolio by asset type and by region as at 31 December 2023. 
Portfolio Breakdown by Asset Type 
DEC 2023 
Portfolio by asset type* 
Investment 
property (€m) 
Lettable area 
(k sqm) 
EPRA 
Vacancy 
Annualized  
net rent (€m) 
In-place rent/sqm 
(€) 
Value/sqm (€) 
Rental Yield 
WALT (years) 
Office 
8,961 
3,221 
12.8% 
451 
12.9 
2,782 
5.0% 
4.2 
Residential 
7,715 
3,653 
3.6% 
370 
8.6 
2,112 
4.8% 
NA 
Hotel 
4,584 
1,567 
3.2% 
238 
13.0 
2,926 
5.2% 
14.5 
Logistics/Other
399
434
9.2%
24
5.0
920
6.1%
5.1
Retail 
1,081 
516 
12.3% 
59 
10.7 
2,095 
5.5% 
4.3 
Development rights & Invest 
1,892 
Total 
24,632 
9,391 
7.9% 
1,142 
10.7 
2,421 
5.0% 
7.4 
Total (GCP at relative consolidation) 
21,421 
7,893 
8.5% 
991 
11.1 
2,481 
5.1% 
7.5 
*figures exclude assets held for sale  
Portfolio Breakdown by Region 
DEC 2023 
Portfolio by Region* 
Investment 
property (€m) 
Lettable area 
(k sqm) 
EPRA 
Vacancy 
Annualized  
net rent (€m) 
In-place rent/sqm 
(€) 
Value/sqm (€) 
Rental Yield 
Berlin 
5,197 
1,428 
7.5% 
208 
12.7 
3,638 
4.0% 
NRW 
3,310 
1,922 
8.4% 
186 
8.4 
1,722 
5.6% 
London 
1,841 
235 
4.2% 
92 
35.6 
7,852 
5.0% 
Dresden/Leipzig/Halle 
1,625 
1,071 
4.2% 
87 
6.9 
1,517 
5.3% 
Munich 
1,573 
524 
9.9% 
57 
9.5 
3,004 
3.6% 
Frankfurt 
1,474 
486 
16.0% 
71 
14.4 
3,036 
4.8% 
Wiesbaden/Mainz/Mannheim 
650 
264 
7.4% 
35 
11.6 
2,457 
5.5% 
Amsterdam 
568 
159 
10.0% 
28 
15.4 
3,575 
4.9% 
Hamburg/LH 
451 
180 
4.7% 
27 
12.6 
2,502 
6.0% 
Hannover 
250 
156 
17.2% 
14 
9.1 
1,603 
5.5% 
Stuttgart/BB 
235 
117 
16.5% 
13 
11.1 
2,014 
5.4% 
Rotterdam 
211 
84 
1.7% 
16 
14.4 
2,512 
7.4% 
Utrecht
185
70
7.7%
12
14.1
2,628
6.4%
Other 
5,170 
2,695 
7.1% 
296 
9.7 
1,918 
5.7% 
Development rights & Invest 
1,892 
Total 
24,632 
9,391 
7.9% 
1,142 
10.7 
2,421 
5.0% 
Berlin 19%
NRW 7%
HOTELS
December 2023
by value
Stuttgart/BB 1%
London 1%
Others 17%
Stralsund/Rügen/Usedom 1% 
Wiesbaden/Mainz/Mannheim 2% 
Munich/BR 2% 
Frankfurt 2% 
Hannover/Braunschweig 3% 
Meuse 
(Netherlands, Center Parcs) 7%
Limburg 
(Belgium, Center Parcs) 7% 
Paris 6%
Brussels 5%
Hamburg/ 
Lüneburger Heide (Center Parcs) 4% 
Eindhoven/Brabant 
(Center Parcs) 4% 
Athens 3%
Dresden/Leipzig/Halle 3%
Drenthe 
(Netherlands, Center Parcs) 3% 
Rome 3%

--- Page 254 ---
254
*figures exclude assets held for sale  
Business Operations 
Overview 
Aroundtown invests in commercial and residential real estate assets which it believes benefit from strong 
fundamentals and growth prospects. Aroundtown's focus is on major cities and metropolitan areas with positive 
demographic prospects. Aroundtown targets in particular cash generating properties with upside potential in 
terms of rental income and/or occupancy, lease and tenant structure, WALT, cost level optimisation and 
resulting value.  
Aroundtown manages the entire real estate value chain of its properties, across acquisition, letting, upkeep and 
refurbishment. Aroundtown believes that this integrated approach brings further efficiency benefits and a 
preferred landlord status to Aroundtown and fast response times to its tenants. While Aroundtown’s portfolio 
management is centrally organised, Aroundtown’s asset management, sales and marketing activities are 
organised locally to better capture regional demand and necessities. 
The following chart provides an overview on the business model of Aroundtown, and the following sections 
describe each step of Aroundtown's business model in more detail: 
Sourcing and targeting acquisitions in central locations in top tier cities with growth and upside potential 
Aroundtown’s property sourcing success stems from its unique network as well as its reputation as a reliable 
real estate acquisition partner. The Group focuses on acquiring value-add properties in central locations of top 
tier cities characterised by below market rent levels, inefficient cost or lease structure and/or vacancy reduction 
potential. With two decades of experience in the real estate markets, the Group benefits from a preferred buyer 
status across its sourcing network. The Group sources deals from a large and diverse deal sourcing base, such 
as receivers, banks, loan funds, broker networks, distressed owners, private and institutional investors and 
court auctions. The Group’s primary focus is on major cities and metropolitan areas with positive demographic 
prospects. The Group follows acquisition criteria which ensure that newly acquired properties align with its 
business model. These criteria include: 

Focus on central locations in top tier EU cities 

Value-add potential through operational improvements 

Cash flow generating assets 

Rent level per sqm below market level (under-rented properties) 

Purchase price below replacement cost and below market values 
1
Sourcing and
targeting
acquisitions in 
central locations in 
top tier cities with 
growth and upside 
potential 2
Acquisition and 
takeover below 
market prices 3
Repositioning and 
operational
improvements 4
Robust cash flows 
supported by strong 
tenant structure as 
well as capital 
recycling by selling 
non-core and mature 
assets. Disposals to be 
channneled into 
deleveraging 5
Additionally
continuing to 
extract value 
and rights from
the properties
AT‘s value  
creation starts prior to acquisition

--- Page 255 ---
255

Potential to reduce operational cost per sqm significantly 
Due to the experience and knowledge of its board and management, the Group is able to consider all possible 
uses for properties that it acquires, including altering the property's primary use in order to target specific 
supply shortages in the market. The Group believes that its business model provides it with a strong and 
sustainable competitive advantage. 
Acquisition and takeover below market prices 
After a potential property passes an initial screening, the property is further assessed in order to take into 
account the specific features of each project while ensuring that the acquisition is in line with the Group's 
overall business strategy. Aroundtown believes that its experience in analysing properties with value creation 
potential, and in identifying both the potential risks and the upside potential of each property, results in fast, 
but thorough and reliable, screening procedures.  
Once a property is acquired, the actual takeover occurs swiftly and efficiently. Because liquidity plays a 
significant role in the acquisition of value-add properties, Aroundtown benefits strongly from its solid liquidity 
position and its ability to acquire properties with existing resources and refinance the acquisition at a later 
stage. The Group also benefits from a strong and experienced legal department, which, combined with close 
and longstanding relationships with external law firms, enables Aroundtown to complete multiple deals 
simultaneously. 
Repositioning and operational improvements 
As a specific tailored business plan is constructed for each property, and the weaknesses and strengths are 
identified pre-acquisition, the execution of the repositioning process becomes smoother and faster. The 
business plan input is integrated into Aroundtown’s IT/software platform which enables the management to 
monitor all operational and financial parameters and fully control the repositioning progress. The success of 
the repositioning of the properties is the result of the following functions: 
Operational and marketing initiatives  
The initial repositioning activities aim at minimising the time until the profitability of the acquired properties 
is improved. Targeted marketing activities are implemented to increase occupancy and thereby rental income. 
Vacancy reduction initiatives are tailored to the specific property type. Procedures applied to Aroundtown’s 
commercial properties include establishing a network of internal and external, as well as local and nationwide 
letting brokers, offering promotional features and building a reputation in the market for high service standards. 
For the Group’s hotel assets, optimal operators are selected and a fixed long-term lease contract is entered into 
once the hotel is repositioned. Initiatives for the Group’s residential properties target relationship building with 
potential tenants and the local community by collaborating with local municipalities, supporting community 
initiatives and advertising on key real estate platforms.  
Rent increase and tenant restructuring, assessed during the due diligence process, are executed according to 
the property’s business plan. Furthermore, the operational improvements Aroundtown initiates improve the 
living quality or business environment for existing and future tenants, resulting in increased demand for these 
repositioned assets. Having identified areas for operational improvements, the Group drills down on cost 
saving opportunities on a per unit basis, making use of modern technologies such as consumption-based 
meters. These efforts, combined with cost savings achieved through vacancy reductions and economies of 
scale, enable Aroundtown to benefit from a significant improvement of the cost base and therefore higher 
profitability. Aroundtown manages its entire real estate value chain across acquisition, letting, upkeep and 
refurbishment. This integrated approach brings further efficiency benefits, a preferred landlord status and fast 
response times to its tenants. 
Smart capex investments when required

--- Page 256 ---
256
Aroundtown addresses capex needs to keep the properties’ standards and addresses the requirements of its 
existing and prospective tenants. Capital improvements are discussed in close coordination with committed 
tenants, allowing an efficient and cost-effective implementation of the investments. The carried-out 
investments are followed up by Aroundtown’s experienced construction team. The financial feasibility of the 
proposed alterations is balanced against the lease term, rental income and property acquisition cost and bears 
quick returns over the investment period. 
Key stakeholder management considering sustainability matters 
Aroundtown's strategy and business model takes into account the diverse interests and perspectives of its 
stakeholders, including its valued employees, both residential and commercial tenants, municipalities and local 
communities in which Aroundtown operates, suppliers and business partners, and investors, and forms an 
important part of the approach to sustainable growth. Aroundtown understands that without the support of its 
stakeholders that it would not be able to fully execute on its strategic goals. Understanding and addressing the 
needs and concerns of these stakeholders requires ongoing communication, active engagement, and a 
commitment to ethical business practices. Regular feedback mechanisms, community involvement, and a 
proactive approach to problem-solving contribute to building trust and long-lasting relationships with all 
stakeholders and have been embedded across Aroundtown’s business functions to ensure that their interests 
are represented and addressed. Aroundtown's upstream value chain consists of its investors, its construction 
and development partners, and its suppliers. Aroundtown takes the next position in its value chain, with its 
employees and tenants making up its downstream value chain. Aroundtown's business strategy takes into 
account the sustainability matters identified as material during its ‘Double Materiality Assessment’. Whether 
these relate to its own workforce, its supply chain or the energy efficiency of its assets and other environmental 
matters, Aroundtown adapts its strategy and underlying processes where necessary to reflect the impacts and 
importance of its material sustainability topics. 
Aroundtown puts great emphasis on establishing strong relationships with its tenants to reduce churn rates, to 
predict as well as strengthen the tenant structure and thereby positively affect its cash flows in the future. 
Aroundtown aims to offer high quality services for both potential and existing tenants. The Group pays great 
attention to the industry in which its commercial tenants operate and to their individual success factors. The 
Group also offers direct support to its tenants through add-on facilities at its rental properties such as space 
extensions to facilitate growth and smart space redesign to match modern office layouts. The Group supports 
its tenants through its TÜV- and ISO 9001:2015-certified commercial and residential Service Centres with 
24/7 availability via various channels. 
Furthermore, the Group aims to establish personal relationships between its tenants and its asset and property 
managers, providing them with personal contact points, which allows the Group to react promptly to problems 
and proactively prolonging existing contracts in order to optimise and secure long-term revenues. 
Robust cash flow supported by strong tenant structure 
Aroundtown targets the generation of robust cash flows throughout its operations. This is supported by ongoing 
cost controls and long-term value creation through repositioning and operational improvements and by 
extracting the upside potential embedded in the portfolio, continuous optimisation of the tenant structure and 
thereby generating robust internal growth and cash flows.  
Capital recycling by selling non-core and mature assets 
While Aroundtown's main focus is on extracting the potential of its portfolio, Aroundtown also pursues an 
accretive capital recycling of non-core and/or mature properties. Aroundtown continuously analyses its 
portfolio in terms of upside potential to lift and focuses its resources on properties with higher upside. 
Aroundtown seeks to dispose properties where most of the potential has been achieved or which are not in the 
core locations of Aroundtown. The disposal of such properties enables capital recycling and provides firepower 
to pursue new opportunities with high upside potential on one hand, and increases the quality of the portfolio 
on the other. Additionally, proceeds from disposals enable Aroundtown to buy back debt, strengthen the 
balance sheet and reduce leverage.

--- Page 257 ---
257
Extracting building rights from unused or underutilised land or conversion rights from existing properties and 
new land 
As part of the value creation process, Aroundtown identifies and extracts building rights from unused or 
underutilised existing and new land and buildings and conversion rights, providing an additional internal 
growth driver. Aroundtown assesses internally the best use for the rights and advances on to maintain the 
discussion with authorities, engineers and architects in order to realise plans into permits. Once the planning 
and permit phases are completed, Aroundtown analyses each project individually and decides the best way to 
realise the value into proceeds. Aroundtown does not intend to fully build and develop all of the rights and 
estimates that most of the rights will be disposed. 
Employees 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group employed 1,706 employees. 
Corporate Purpose 
The Issuer is a specialist real estate investment company which focuses on value-add properties primarily in 
the German and Dutch real estate markets. The objects for which the Issuer was established are set forth in 
article 4 of the Articles of Association. The Issuer’s objects are (i) the acquisition, sale, administration, 
operation, letting or renting, in any form by any means, whether directly or indirectly, of any real estate assets 
in both the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and abroad; (ii) the acquisition, holding and disposal, in any form, 
by any means, whether directly or indirectly, of participations, shares, rights and interests in, and obligations 
of, Luxembourg and foreign companies or other assets including but not limited to real estate assets; (iii) the 
acquisition by purchase, subscription, or in any other manner, as well as the transfer by sale, exchange or in 
any other manner of stock, bonds, debentures, notes and other securities or financial instruments of any kind 
(including notes, shares or units issued by Luxembourg or foreign investment funds or similar undertakings) 
and receivables, claims or loans or other credit facilities and agreements or contracts relating thereto; (iv) the 
acquisition and holding of interests, directly or indirectly, in any form whatsoever, in any Luxembourg or 
foreign entities, by way of, among others, the subscription or the acquisition of any securities and/or rights 
through participation, contribution, underwriting, firm purchase or option, patents, service marks, trademarks 
licences and other commercial or intellectual property rights, negotiation or in any other way; and (v) the 
ownership, administration, development and management of a portfolio of assets or interests (including, 
among other things, the assets and interests referred to in (i) through (iv) above). 
The Issuer may borrow in any form. It may obtain any form of credit facility. The Issuer may issue bonds, 
notes, promissory notes, perpetual notes, certificates, shares, beneficiary parts, options, warrants and other 
debt or equity instruments, convertible or not. It may use financial derivatives or raise funds by any other 
means. The Issuer may use any techniques and instruments to efficiently manage its investments and to protect 
itself against credit risks, currency exchange exposure, interest rate risks and other risks. The Issuer may enter 
into, execute and perform any swaps, futures, forwards, derivatives, options, repurchase, stock lending or 
similar transactions. 
The Issuer may also render any assistance, whether by means of financing, administration, marketing or any 
other kind of service, to its subsidiaries or companies in which it has a direct or indirect interest, even not 
substantial, and/or any company being a direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer and/or any company 
belonging to the same group as the Issuer (the "Connected Companies"). A company shall be deemed to be 
part of the same group as the Issuer if such other company directly or indirectly owns, is owned by, is in control 
of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, or is controlled by a shareholder of, the Issuer, in each 
case whether beneficially or as trustee, guardian or as other fiduciary. A company shall be deemed to control 
another company if the controlling company possesses, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the 
share capital of the company or has the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies 
of the other company, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

--- Page 258 ---
258
The Issuer may in particular: (i) lend funds including the proceeds of any borrowings or issues of securities to 
its Connected Companies; (ii) enter into any guarantee, pledge or any other form of security, whether by 
personal covenant or by mortgage or charge upon all or part of the undertaking, property assets (present or 
future) or by all or any of such methods, for the performance of any contracts or obligations of the Issuer and 
of any of the Connected Companies, or any director, manager or other agent of the Issuer or any of the 
Connected Companies, within the limits of any applicable law provision; (iii) subordinate its claims in favour 
of third parties to secure the obligations of any Connected Companies; and (iv) render administrative and 
marketing assistance to its Connected Companies. 
In addition to the foregoing, the Issuer may perform all legal, commercial, technical and financial transactions 
and, in general, all transactions which are necessary or useful to fulfil its corporate object as well as all 
transactions directly or indirectly connected with its purpose or which may favour its development. 
Management, Bodies and Senior Management 
Management Structure 
The Issuer is administered and managed by a board of directors (the "Board of Directors", and each member 
of the Board of Directors, a "Director"). The Board of Directors is vested with the broadest powers to take 
any actions necessary or useful to fulfil the corporate objects of the Issuer save for actions reserved to the 
general meeting of shareholders in accordance with the Companies Act 1915 or by the Articles of Association. 
The powers of the Board of Directors, except for such powers that are expressly reserved by the Companies 
Act 1915 or the Articles of Association to the Board of Directors, may be delegated by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors to a management committee (comité de direction), consisting of several managers who may 
or may not be Directors or shareholders of the Issuer, a managing executive director (directeur général) or a 
daily manager. The Board of Directors may determine the scope of such delegation at its discretion. The Board 
of Directors may also give special powers for specific matters to one or more proxyholders, whether Directors, 
shareholders, managers or not.  
The Board of Directors may choose amongst the Directors a chairperson and also appoint a secretary who need 
not be a member of the Board of Directors.  
Pursuant to the Companies Act 1915 as well as the Articles of Association, the minimum number of Directors 
shall be at least three whereas the maximum number of Directors shall be seven. The general meeting resolves 
on the remuneration of the Directors. 
The Directors may be dismissed with or without any cause at any time and may be replaced at any time by a 
resolution of the general meeting of shareholders taken at a majority of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of 
the votes validly cast. 
In the event of a vacancy in the office of a Director, such vacancy may be filled on a temporary basis and for 
a period not exceeding the initial mandate of the replaced director by the remaining directors until the next 
general meeting of shareholders. 
Board of Directors 
Members of the Board of Directors 
The following table sets out information with respect to each of the members of the Board of Directors and 
their positions within the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Ms. Jelena Afxentiou
Executive Director
Mr. Frank Roseen
Executive Director

--- Page 259 ---
259
Mr. Markus Leininger
Independent Director
Mr. Markus Kreuter
Independent Director
Ms. Simone Runge-Brandner
Independent Director
Mr. Daniel Malkin
Independent Director
Mr. Ran Laufer
Non-Executive Director
The business address of the Directors is at 37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
The members of the Board of Directors do not hold any positions in administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies outside Aroundtown which are significant with respect to the Issuer, save for Ms. Simone Runge-
Brandner and Mr. Markus Leininger, who have ongoing mandates as independent members of the board of 
directors of GCP. 
The Issuer’s most recent annual general meeting of shareholders ("AGM") was held on 28 June 2023.  
Conflicts of Interest of the Members of the Board of Directors 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the members of the Board of Directors have no potential conflict of 
interest between any duties owed to the Issuer and their personal interests or other duties, save for Ms. Simone 
Runge-Brandner and Mr. Markus Leininger, where the ongoing mandates as independent members of the 
board of directors of GCP, may, under certain circumstances, lead to a potential conflict of interest with their 
duties as independent members of the Board of Directors, since Aroundtown exercises de facto control over 
GCP. 
Senior Management 
The following table sets out information with respect to the senior management of the Issuer, as of the date of 
the Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Position 
Mr. Barak Bar-Hen
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) / Chief Operating 
Officer (COO)
Mr. Eyal Ben David
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
Mr. Oschrie Massatschi
Chief Capital Markets Office (CCMO)
The main business address of the CEO/COO, CFO and CCMO is at Wittestraße 30, Haus F, 13509 Berlin, 
Germany. 
The CEO/COO, CFO and CCMO do not hold any positions in administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies outside Aroundtown which are significant with respect to the Issuer. The CEO/COO, CFO and CCMO 
have no statutory powers under any applicable laws or the Articles of Association. 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties owed by the 
CEO/COO, CFO and CCMO and the private interests and/or other duties of such persons. 
Advisory Board

--- Page 260 ---
260
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has established an advisory board. The task of the advisory board is to 
provide expert advice and assistance to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors decides on the 
composition, tasks and term of the advisory board as well as the appointment and dismissal of its members. 
The advisory board has no statutory powers under the Companies Act 1915 or the Articles of Association of 
the Issuer, but applies rules which have been adopted by the Board of Directors. However, the Issuer considers 
the advisory board to be an important source of guidance for the Board of Directors when making strategic 
decisions. The current members of the advisory board are Dr. Gerhard Cromme (Chairman), Mr. Yakir Gabay 
(Deputy Chairman), Mr. Claudio Jarczyk and Mr. David Maimon. 
Audit Committee 
The Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee. The Board of Directors decides on the 
composition, tasks and term of the Audit Committee as well as the appointment and dismissal of its members. 
The responsibilities of the Audit Committee relate to the integrity of the financial statements, including 
reporting to the Board of Directors on its activities and the adequacy of internal systems controlling the 
financial reporting processes and monitoring the accounting processes. The Audit Committee provides 
guidance to the Board of Directors on the auditing of the annual financial statements of the Issuer and, in 
particular, shall monitor the independence of the approved independent auditor, the additional services 
rendered by such auditor, the issuing of the audit mandate to the auditor, the determination of auditing focal 
points and the fee agreement with the auditor. The Audit Committee consists of the Independent Directors 
being, Mr. Markus Kreuter (Chairman), Mr. Markus Leininger, Ms. Simone Runge-Brandner and Mr. Daniel 
Malkin. 
Risk Committee and Risk Officer 
The Board of Directors established a Risk Committee tasked with assisting and providing expert advice to the 
Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, relating to the different types of risks, 
recommending a risk management structure including its organisation and its process as well as assessing and 
monitoring the effectiveness of risk management systems. The Risk Committee is supported by the Risk 
Officer, who brings a systematic and disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the culture, capabilities, 
and practices integrated with strategy-setting and execution. The Risk Officer’s responsibilities are determined 
and monitored by the Risk Committee, whose oversight is established pursuant to the Rules of Procedure of 
the Risk Committee. The Risk Committee provides advice on actions of compliance, in particular, by 
reviewing the Issuer’s procedures for detecting risk, the effectiveness of the Issuer’s risk management and 
internal control system and by assessing the scope and effectiveness of the systems established by the 
management to identify, assess and monitor risks. The Board of Directors decides on the composition, tasks 
and term of the Risk Committee and the appointment and dismissal of its members. The members of the Risk 
Committee are Mr. Markus Kreuter (Chairman), Mr. Markus Leininger, Ms. Simone Runge-Brandner, Mr. 
Daniel Malkin, Mr. Frank Roseen and Mr. Ran Laufer.  
Remuneration Committee 
The Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee to determine and recommend to the Board 
of Directors the remuneration policy for the chairman of the Board of Directors, the executive directors and 
senior management, including evaluation of short-term performance-related remuneration to senior executives. 
The Remuneration Committee consists of the Independent Directors being, Mr. Markus Kreuter, Ms. Simone 
Runge-Brandner and Mr. Markus Leininger. 
Nomination Committee 
The Board of Directors has established a Nomination Committee to identify suitable candidates for director 
positions and examine their skills and characteristics. The Nomination Committee consists of the Independent 
Directors being, Mr. Markus Leininger, Mr. Markus Kreuter, Ms. Simone Runge-Brandner and Mr. Daniel 
Malkin.

--- Page 261 ---
261
ESG Committee 
The Board of Directors established an ESG Committee to review policies, stakeholder proposals and 
recommendations that relate to ESG topics, including foundation-related activities. In addition, the ESG 
Committee reviews and assesses the Issuer’s initiatives and practices and reviews policies with respect to ESG. 
The ESG Committee consists of Mr. Frank Roseen and the Independent Directors, Mr. Markus Leininger 
(Chairman) and Mr. Markus Kreuter, as well as advisory members. 
Corporate Governance 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not subject to any compulsory corporate governance code 
of conduct or respective statutory legal provisions. Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) 
does not apply because the Issuer is a public limited liability company under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (société anonyme, S.A.) and not a German Stock Corporation (Aktiengesellschaft, AG), save for 
recommendations C.10 (with sole reference to its applicability to the Chair of the Audit Committee), D.8 and 
D.9 of the German Corporate Governance Code (Deutscher Corporate Governance Kodex). The Issuer has 
issued a declaration that it does not deviate from the aforementioned recommendations of the German 
Corporate Governance Code. In addition, the Ten Principles of Corporate Governance of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange do not apply to the Issuer because its shares are not listed on a regulated market operated by 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Nevertheless, the Issuer continues to take steps to implement ESG best 
practices throughout its business. 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has a stated share capital in the amount of €15,370,256.09. 
The share capital is divided into 1,537,025,609 shares with a nominal value of €0.01 per share (the Shares). 
The share capital has been fully paid up. The Shares are in global form and deposited with Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt/Main.
The Issuer has an authorised capital. The authorised capital (including the subscribed capital) amounts to 
€30,000,000.00 (i.e., the corporate share capital of the Issuer may be increased by the Board of Directors from 
its present amount up to €30,000,000.00 by the creation and issuance of new shares with a nominal value of 
€0.01 each).  
The Issuer's shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with 
simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with additional post-admission obligations 
(Prime Standard) (ISIN: LU1673108939). 
The OGM of Aroundtown convened on 6 May 2020 and resolved on a share buy-back framework under which 
up to 20% of the Issuer’s shares could be bought back. Subsequently, the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
resolved on 2 June 2020 to carry out a share buy-back programme with a volume of up to 120 million shares 
for a total purchase price of up to €500 million. Furthermore, on 1 September 2020, the Board of Directors 
announced that it had resolved to further utilise the authorisation of the OGM to buy back up to 165 million 
shares through a public share purchase offer. In the course of its resolution, the Board of Directors further 
determined to increase the maximum aggregate amount for the share buy backs to €1 billion.  
On 25 March 2021, the Board of Directors of the Issuer resolved on a share buy-back programme with a 
volume of up to €500 million and limited to a maximum of 100 million shares, utilising the authority granted 
under the share buy-back framework approved during the OGM of Aroundtown convened on 6 May 2020. 
The programme commenced on 26 March 2021 and had an original end date of 31 December 2021.  
The AGM of Aroundtown convened on 30 June 2021 resolved on an increase of 10% to the share buy-back 
framework approved from the 6 May 2020 OGM, thus increasing the amount of Issuer’s shares which could 
be bought back from 20% to 30%. In addition, the OGM of Aroundtown convened on 11 January 2022 resolved

--- Page 262 ---
262
on a further increase of 20% to the share buy-back framework, as approved by the OGM on 6 May 2020, thus 
increasing the amount of Issuer’s shares which could be bought back from 30% to 50%, subject to the Board 
of Directors’ commitment to convene at least once a year an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders 
of Aroundtown to decide on a reduction of the share capital of Aroundtown, if it has acquired under the buy-
back programme more than 30% of the aggregate nominal amount of its issued share capital from time to time. 
On 27 December 2021, the Issuer’s Board of Directors resolved to extend the duration of the share buy-back 
programme by six months until 30 June 2022 and expand the exchanges on which purchases can be made to 
Turquoise Europe and Cboe Europe. On 1 February 2022, the Issuer’s Board of Directors resolved to extend 
the duration of the share buy-back programme by a further six months until 31 December 2022 and expand 
the size of the programme by €500 million and 100 million shares, bringing the total maximum size of the 
share buy-back programme to €1,000 million and 200 million shares. 
The OGM of Aroundtown convened on 16 December 2022 resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to use 
treasury shares of the Issuer acquired through its share buy-back framework for share lending transactions with 
financial institutions up to 10% of the Issuer’s shares. 
Shareholding Structure  
The table below sets out the information known to the Issuer with respect to the shareholding structure of the 
Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The shareholdings may have changed since the date on which the 
Issuer obtained knowledge of the shareholding. 
Shareholder 
Direct ownership of the Issuer in% 
Avisco Group*/Vergepoint*
15
Shares held in treasury** 
Stumpf Capital GmbH*** 
Free float
                                                             29 
                                                             10 
46
Total 
                                                           100 
* 
Controlled by Mr. Yakir Gabay 
** 
12% is held through TLG, voting rights are suspended. 
*** 
Controlled by Mr. Georg Stumpf.  
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no arrangements, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control in the Issuer. 
Dividend Policy  
The pay-out ratio under the dividend policy is 75% of the Issuer's annual FFO I per share, which shall be 
distributed as annual dividends to the shareholders. The dividend proposal is subject to market conditions and 
the distribution of dividends is subject to a respective resolution of the shareholders' AGM. 
FFO I is a measure of Aroundtown's materialised bottom line operational profit, calculated by deducting 
current tax expenses, finance expenses, perpetual notes attribution, contribution to minorities and contribution 
from held for sale properties from adjusted EBITDA. 
On 29 June 2022, the AGM of Aroundtown convened and approved a dividend of €0.23 (gross) for the 2021 
financial year. Aroundtown also provided shareholders with the option to receive the dividend in the form of 
shares ("Scrip Dividend"). The Scrip Dividend was delivered using existing treasury shares on 25 July 2022.

--- Page 263 ---
263
On 28 March 2023, the Board of Directors of Aroundtown resolved to not recommend a dividend payment for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022 at its AGM held on 28 June 2023, following the increase in 
macroeconomic uncertainty and volatility. 
On 26 March 2024, the Board of Directors of Aroundtown resolved to not recommend a dividend payment for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2023 at its AGM scheduled for 26 June 2024, following sustained market 
uncertainties. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
During the last twelve months, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings brought 
against or affecting the Issuer, nor is the Issuer aware of any pending or threatened proceedings, which (in 
either case) may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer and/or Aroundtown's 
financial position, profitability or results. 
Material Agreements 
The following section provides a summary of material agreements to which Aroundtown is a party. 
Financing Arrangements 
Loan Agreements 
The Group has entered into various loan agreements primarily for the purpose of financing the acquisition of 
properties in Aroundtown portfolio. As of 31 December 2023, the Group's loans and borrowings were €2.2 
billion.  
The Group's loan agreements typically bear interest at fixed rates or at rates based on EURIBOR plus a spread, 
and the interest rates may in certain cases be hedged. Undrawn amounts under Aroundtown’s credit facilities 
may be subject to a commitment fee. The Group's loan agreements are typically secured by pledges of property, 
including pledges of rental proceeds, shares of the relevant holding companies, and operational bank accounts, 
and contain customary representations and warranties, undertakings and events of default with respect to real 
estate financing (which are in turn typically subject to certain agreed exceptions and materiality carve-outs). 
A number of Aroundtown's loan agreements provide the lender with the right to terminate the loan if the Issuer 
no longer directly or indirectly (i) controls the relevant borrowing entity or (ii) manages the relevant property. 
Bonds and Schuldscheins 
The Group has issued various series of debt securities. An overview of the Group’s outstanding bonds and 
schuldscheins as at 31 December 2023 is disclosed on pages 214 to 216 of the 2023 Financial Statements.

--- Page 264 ---
264
TAXATION 
The following discussion of the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes is based on the laws in force 
on the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer emphasises that tax implications can be subject to alteration 
due to future changes in law, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Although this discussion reflects the opinion of the Issuer, it should not be misunderstood as a guarantee in an 
area of law which is not free from doubt. Further, this discussion is not intended as the sole basis for an 
investment in the Notes as the individual tax position of the Noteholder needs to be investigated.  
Prospective Holders are recommended to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences 
of an investment in the Notes. 
Responsibility of the Issuer for the withholding of taxes at source 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  The 
prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of 
state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only.  Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, 
please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu 
des collectivites), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution 
au fonds pour l'emploi), as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further 
be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income 
tax, municipal business tax as well as net wealth tax and the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to 
personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer 
acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may 
apply as well. 
Withholding Tax 
If the Notes qualify as debt under Luxembourg tax law: 
(a)
Non-resident holders of Notes
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b)
Resident holders of Notes
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the "Relibi Law") mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but

--- Page 265 ---
265
unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption 
or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg under Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market 
to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject 
to a withholding tax of 20%.  Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the 
beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be 
subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20%. 
An individual beneficial owner of interest or similar income who is a resident of Luxembourg and acts 
in the course of the management of his private wealth may opt for a final withholding tax of 20% when 
he/she receives or is deemed to receive such interest or similar income from a paying agent established 
in another EU Member State (other than Luxembourg) or in a State of the European Economic Area 
(which is not an EU Member State). 
If the Notes qualify as equity under Luxembourg tax law: 
A 15% dividend withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances. 
Income Taxation 
(a)
Non-resident holders of Notes
A non-resident holder of the Notes, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative 
in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax 
on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes. A gain 
realised by such non-resident holder of the Notes on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of 
the Notes is further not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes or an individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, that has a permanent establishment or 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is subject to 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes.
(b)
Resident holders of Notes
Holders of Notes who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable to any Luxembourg income tax 
on repayment of principal. 
i. 
Luxembourg resident corporate holders of Notes 
A corporate holder of Notes must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium 
or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
A corporate holder of Notes that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies, as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as 
amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, 
or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds not investing in risk capital

--- Page 266 ---
266
thereof is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, any 
redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Notes. 
ii. 
Luxembourg resident individual holders of Notes 
An individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such 
payments in accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual holder of the Notes has opted for 
the application of the 20% withholding tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the 
Relibi Law. 
A gain realised by an individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the 
Notes were acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest 
income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on such interest in 
accordance with the Relibi Law. 
An individual holder of Notes acting in the course of management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include this interest in its taxable basis. If applicable, the 20% withholding tax levied 
in accordance with the Relibi Law would in that case not be  treated a final withholding tax but can be 
credited against his/her final personal income  tax liability.
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate holder of Notes, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it 
maintains a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such 
Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes, except if the holder of 
Notes is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, 
or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 17 
December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 
on reserved alternative investment funds, or is a securitisation company governed by the law of 22 
March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or is a capital company governed by the law of 15 June 
2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended.  
Securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended or 
capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended or 
reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative 
investment funds investing into risk capital may, under certain conditions, be subject to the minimum 
net wealth tax. 
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes. 
Other Taxes 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Notes will give rise to 
any Luxembourg registration tax, or similar taxes. 
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty will be required upon registration of the Notes in 
Luxembourg in the case where the Notes are physically attached (annexé(s)) to a public deed or to any

--- Page 267 ---
267
other document subject to mandatory registration, or in case of a registration of the Notes on a 
voluntary basis. 
Where a holder of Notes is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the 
Notes are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded in 
Luxembourg. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by "FATCA") may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. On 13 December 2018, the Treasury 
and the Internal Revenue Service issued Proposed Regulations (REG-132881-17) under FATCA, eliminating 
withholding on the payments of gross proceeds and deferring withholding on foreign passthru payments. Even 
if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulation defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding, in either case unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of 
the issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under "Further Issues" in the relevant Terms and 
Conditions) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes. 
Exchange of Information 
On 25 May 2018, the EU Council Directive 2018/822 ("DAC 6") was adopted. Under DAC 6, intermediaries 
which meet certain EU nexus criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant tax authorities 
certain cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks, performed 
from 25 June 2018 onwards. In specific cases, this obligation will shift to the taxpayer. Information with regard 
to reported arrangements will be automatically exchanged by the competent authority of each EU jurisdiction 
every 3 months. Under DAC 6, a cross-border arrangement has to be reported if (i) it is a cross-border 
arrangement which bears one or more of the hallmarks listed in DAC 6, (ii) in certain instances the main or 
expected benefit of the arrangement is a tax advantage and (iii) it concerns at least one EU jurisdiction. 
The Issuer or its intermediaries involved may be legally obliged to notify to tax authorities of certain types of 
cross-border arrangements and proposals for implementing such arrangements.

--- Page 268 ---
268
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission’s Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the "Participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate.  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a Participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
In June 2018, Germany and France agreed to further pursue the implementation of an FTT in the EU for which 
the current French financial transaction tax (which is mainly focused on transactions regarding shares in listed 
companies with a market capitalization of more than EUR 1 billion) could serve as a role model. 
Any FTT proposal is, however, still subject to negotiation between (certain) EU Member States. Therefore, it 
is currently uncertain whether and when the proposed FTT will be enacted by the participating EU Member 
States and when it will take effect with regard to dealings in the Notes. 
On 9 December 2019, the German Federal Finance Minister announced another final proposal for a Directive 
for a financial transaction tax implemented by way of the enhanced cooperation mechanism to nine other 
participating EU Member States ("New FTT"), which was revised again in April of 2020. 
In an Interinstitutional Agreement dated 16 December 2020, the European Parliament, the Council of the 
European Union and the European Commission agreed that the European Commission will make a proposal 
with respect to new own resources (Eigenmittel) of the European Union, which could include an FTT, and that 
the European Commission shall endeavour to make such proposal by June 2024.However, the FTT and the 
New FTT proposals remain subject to negotiation. The Proposals may therefore be altered prior to any 
implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Union Member States may decide to 
participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT and 
the New FTT.

--- Page 269 ---
269
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 31 
May 2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and in the 
relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA 
D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Senior Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be 
subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of 
the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final

--- Page 270 ---
270
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State 
of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For 
purposes of this provision:

--- Page 271 ---
271
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Israel 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, within Israel, it has not made and will not make any offers of Notes other

--- Page 272 ---
272
than to investors of the type listed in the first Supplement (the Supplement) of the Israeli Securities Law of 
1968, consisting primarily of joint investment in trust funds, provident funds, insurance companies, banks, 
portfolio managers, investment advisors, members of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, underwriters purchasing 
for their own account, venture capital funds, entities with shareholders' equity in excess of 50 million Israeli 
new shekels, and high net worth individuals who meet the qualifications specified in the law, each as defined 
in the Supplement (as it may be amended from time to time, collectively referred to as Eligible Investors).  
Eligible investors are required to submit written confirmation that they fall within the scope of the Supplement. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time 
to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will 
not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor 
will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA or (b) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Senior Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in

--- Page 273 ---
273
the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Notes and the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will 
be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
Canada 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that no prospectus has been filed with any securities commission or similar regulatory authority 
in Canada in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes, the Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified 
for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof and no securities commission 
or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon this Base Prospectus or the 
merits of the Notes and any representation to the contrary is an offence. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or distributed and will not offer, 
sell or distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit of any resident of Canada, 
other than in compliance with applicable securities laws and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing:  
(a) 
any offer or sale of the Notes in Canada will be made only to only to purchasers that are "accredited 
investors" (as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions ("NI 45-106") or, in Ontario, as such term is defined in section 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario)), that are also "permitted clients" (as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations), 
that are purchasing as principal, or are deemed to be purchasing as principal in accordance with 
applicable Canadian securities laws, and that are not a person created or used solely to purchase or 
hold the Notes as an "accredited investor" as described in paragraph (m) of the definition of 
"accredited investor" in section 1.1 of NI 45-106; 
(b) 
it is either (I) appropriately registered under applicable Canadian securities laws in each relevant 
province or territory to sell and deliver the Notes, (II) such sale and delivery will be made through 
an affiliate of it that is so registered if the affiliate is registered in a category that permits such sale 
and has agreed to make such sale and delivery in compliance with the representations, warranties 
and agreements set out herein, or (III) it is relying on an exemption from the dealer registration 
requirements under applicable Canadian securities laws and has complied with the requirements of 
that exemption; and  
(c) 
it has not and will not distribute or deliver any "offering memorandum" (as defined in relevant 
Canadian securities laws) in connection with any offering of the Notes in Canada or to a resident of 
Canada except in compliance with applicable Canadian securities laws. 
General

--- Page 274 ---
274
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required 
by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither 
the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 275 ---
275
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme, the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly 
authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 9 March 2017, 5 October 2017, 9 
November 2017, 29 January 2018, 8 February 2018, 4 October 2018, 2 October 2019, 12 October 2020, 25 
October 2021, 28 April 2023 and 30 May 2024.  
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only 
to the issue of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's Regulated Market. However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange in the EEA, 
subject to the notification of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Art. 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 31 May 2024. 
Documents Available 
For so long as any Notes issued under this Base Prospectus are outstanding (and in the case of the following 
items (c) and (d), for a period of at least ten years commencing with the publication of this Base Prospectus), 
electronic versions of the following documents are available at the indicated websites: 
(a)
the Articles of Association (on the website of the Issuer at https://www.aroundtown.de/investor-
relations/bonds); 
(b)
the Trust Deed (which includes the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) and the Agency Agreement (each on the website of the Issuer 
at https://www.aroundtown.de/investor-relations/bonds/); 
(c)
a copy of this Base Prospectus (on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com
and on the website of the Issuer at https://www.aroundtown.de/);  
(d)
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the hyperlinks 
set out in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above and/or on the website of the Issuer 
at https://www.aroundtown.de/) 
(e)
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms  to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference (each on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com); and 
(f)
the Pricing Supplements (in respect of Exempt Senior Notes) will only be available for inspection by 
a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN and, if available, the FISN 
and/or the CFI for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes). If the

--- Page 276 ---
276
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.   
Method for determining the issue price and the process for its disclosure  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue and specified in the relevant Final Terms, in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Statutory Auditors 
The statutory auditors are appointed by the general meeting of shareholders for holding office from the 
conclusion of such meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, KPMG Audit S.à.r.l. ("KPMG Luxembourg"), 39, Avenue John F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg is appointed as approved independent auditor 
(cabinet de révision agréé). Its mandate will automatically expire at the annual general meeting of the Issuer 
to be held in 2024. KPMG Luxembourg is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
The Financial Statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 have been 
audited by KPMG Luxembourg. KPMG Luxembourg provided unqualified auditor's reports for the financial 
statements they audited.  
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in this Base Prospectus, with the consent 
of the auditors.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and commercial 
banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from time to time, for which they 
have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and 
other derivative transactions with the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also 
enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer or its affiliates for the purposes of, among 
other things, hedging their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking, commercial banking transactions and/or other 
advisory transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. 
Significant Change in the Financial Performance or Position 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of Aroundtown since 31 March 
2024. 
Trend Information

--- Page 277 ---
277
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer has independently verified any such information and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof.

--- Page 278 ---
278
ISSUER
Aroundtown SA 
37, Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
TRUSTEE
M&G Trustee Company Limited 
10 Fenchurch Avenue 
London EC3M 5AG
United Kingdom
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT and AGENT BANK
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom
REGISTRAR
The Bank Of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris, 
2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer as to Luxembourg law 
GSK Stockmann SA 
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom
AUDITORS
KPMG Audit S.à.r.l. 
39, Avenue John F. Kennedy

--- Page 279 ---
279
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
DEALERS
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS EUROPE 
AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom
J.P. MORGAN SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. 
INTERNATIONAL PLC 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom
UBS AG LONDON BRANCH 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom