--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
 
Aroundtown SA 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) established under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its 
registered office at 40, Rue du Curé, L-1368 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Trade 
and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés) under number B217868) 
 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this €15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Aroundtown SA (the Issuer) may 
from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(as defined below). 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may comprise (i) unsubordinated Notes (Senior Notes) or (ii) dated or undated 
subordinated Notes (respectively Dated Subordinated Notes and Undated Subordinated Notes and together, 
Subordinated Notes). The terms and conditions of the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes are set out herein under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes" respectively. 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes).  The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described 
herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer 
and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this 
offering circular (the Offering Circular) to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended 
to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see 
"Risk Factors". 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Offering 
Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the 
quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Offering Circular to the Notes being listed (and all related references) shall 
mean that the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date 
in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA.  The obligation to 
supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Offering Circular 
to Exempt Senior Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA). The Central Bank of Ireland has neither 
approved nor reviewed information contained in this Offering Circular in connection with Exempt Senior Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under the relevant Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) will (other than in the case of Exempt Senior Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document 
(the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin. In the case of Exempt Senior Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche 
will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue 
unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the 
benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the 
United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). S&P is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, S&P is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Ratings 
issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is a credit rating agency established in 
the United Kingdom (UK) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation), in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agencies referred to above.  Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior 
Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned (if any) to the Programme by the relevant rating agency.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.   
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme may 
be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate 
(NIBOR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt Senior Notes). As at the date of 
this Offering Circular, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and the Bank of England as (administrator of SONIA) 
and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as (administrator of SOFR) do not appear in such register. As at the date of 
this Offering Circular, the administrator of EURIBOR is included in the register of administrators established and 
maintained by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the UK FCA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation), and the 
administrators of NIBOR, SONIA and SOFR do not appear in such register. As far as the Issuer is aware, (i) SONIA and

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation and (ii) the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that Norske Finansielle Referanser 
AS (as administrator of NIBOR) is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
UK, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).  
 
Arranger 
MORGAN STANLEY 
Dealers 
CITIGROUP 
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL 
J.P. MORGAN 
MORGAN STANLEY 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
The date of this Offering Circular is 26 October 2021

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Senior 
Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  The 
Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the 
information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Offering Circular 
shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Offering 
Circular refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the information 
contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer or the Trustee accepts 
any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering 
Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Trustee to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers 
or the Trustee. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient 
of this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The 
Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme 
of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
these Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance/target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of such Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Offering Circular has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination of less 
than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated 
market (as defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be offered or 
sold to non-qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State pursuant to an 
exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. As at the date of this Offering Circular, Euronext 
Dublin does not have a specific segment to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) can have access and therefore, any Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency) cannot be offered in the manner described in (i) above of this paragraph until 
such a segment is established. 
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(as amended or modified from time to time, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes), all Notes shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
Notice to Canadian Investors: The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories 
of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Offering Circular (including 
any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages 
are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of 
the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. If applicable, 
pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of 
interest in connection with the offering of any Notes. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Offering Circular may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Offering 
Circular or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, Japan, the EEA 
(including Belgium), the UK, Israel, Singapore, Switzerland and Canada, see "Subscription and Sale". 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and (ii) the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the 6 months ended 30 June 2021 (together, the Financial Statements). 
The Issuer’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Offering Circular to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Financial Statements have been prepared 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board, as adopted by the European Union (EU). 
All information in this Offering Circular relating to GCP has been taken from information made publicly 
available by GCP. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Offering Circular contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future 
results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are 
identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", 
"intend", "may", "might", "plan", "predict", "project", "will", "aim" and similar terms and phrases, including 
references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Offering Circular containing 
information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the business and management of the 
Issuer (and together with its subsidiaries, Aroundtown, and together with all investees, the Group), the growth 
and profitability of the Group, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it.  
Forward-looking statements in this Offering Circular are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuer based on its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and 
other factors which could cause actual results, including the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed 
or described in these forward-looking statements. The Group’s business is also subject to a number of risks 
and uncertainties that could cause a forward looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Offering Circular 
to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this 
Offering Circular: "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". These sections include more detailed 
descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Group’s business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Offering Circular may not 
occur. In addition, the Issuer assumes no obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking 
statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Offering Circular will have 
the meaning attributed to them in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes or any other section of this 
Offering Circular. In addition, the following terms as used in this Offering Circular have the meanings defined 
below:  
In this Offering Circular, all references to: 
 
U.S. dollars refers to United States dollars;  
 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; 
 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
 
yen refers to Japanese yen; and 
 
a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Offering Circular have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Offering Circular is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 11 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 18 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 75 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 79 
Applicable Final Terms for Senior Notes ......................................................................................................... 84 
Applicable Final Terms for Subordinated Notes ............................................................................................ 100 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ...................................................................................................................... 115 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes ..................................................................................................... 130 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes .......................................................................................... 187 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 238 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 239 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 257 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 262 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 268

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than 
that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt 
Senior Notes, and if appropriate, a new Offering Circular or a supplement to the Offering Circular, will be 
published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Aroundtown SA  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
529900H4DWG3KWMBMQ39 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.    In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Offering Circular. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
Agent Bank: 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
Trustee: 
Prudential Trustee Company Limited 
Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Each of the Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes will have 
such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Undated Subordinated Notes are perpetual securities in respect of 
which there is no fixed redemption date and the Issuer shall only 
have the right to redeem, substitute or vary the Undated 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7 or Condition 8 of the 
Subordinated Notes, respectively. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt 
Senior Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in "Form of the Notes".  Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Senior Notes and Fixed 
Rate Subordinated Notes (together, 
Fixed Rate Notes): 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Senior Notes and 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
(together, Floating Rate Notes): 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(ISDA), and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) or 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Senior Notes, Pricing Supplement); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes, 
Pricing Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes: 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes may be offered and will not bear 
interest and may be sold at a discount to their nominal amount.  
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated 
Notes: 
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will bear interest on 
their principal amount from (and including) the Issue Date to but 
excluding the First Reset Date at the First Fixed Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, this fixed rate 
of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate for 
the relevant Specified Currency or to a reference bond yield to 
maturity, and for a period equal to the reset period, as adjusted for 
any applicable margin, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Such interest will be payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Exempt Senior Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Senior Notes which are Index 
Linked Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.   
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index 
Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such 
index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities or to such other factors as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal 
or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on 
such rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may 
agree. 
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which 
the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and 
on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Notes 
which may be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts 
and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Exempt 
Senior Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Senior 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that 
the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in the case of Exempt Senior Notes in 
specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case 
may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.   
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred, the relevant benchmark or screen rate may be 
replaced by a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate but 
the Issuer determines there is an Alternative Rate (acting in a

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources 
as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser), such Alternative Rate. An Adjustment 
Spread may also be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), together with any 
Benchmark Amendments (which in the case of any Alternative 
Rate, any Adjustment Spread unless formally recommended or 
provided for and any Benchmark Amendments shall be 
determined by the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, 
which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser). 
This is further described in Condition 5.3 of the Senior Notes and 
Condition 4.4 of the Subordinated Notes. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt 
Senior Note) will be €100,000 or, where it is a Note to be admitted 
to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) have access, €1,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amounts in such currency). 
Calculation Amount:  
 
The Calculation Amount for any Series of Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Senior 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) and will be the single 
highest whole number which, when each Specified Denomination 
of the relevant Series is divided by such number, results in a whole 
number. For example, where the Specified Denominations of a 
Series of Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Senior Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) as being €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including €199,000, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Senior Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will be 
€1,000.  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 of the Senior Notes 
or, as the case may be, Condition 10 of the Subordinated Notes.  
In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save 
in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 of the 
Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 10 of the 
Subordinated Notes, be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 4 of the Senior Notes. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 10 of the Senior Notes. 
Subordinated Notes will not contain any events of default or cross 
default allowing acceleration of the Subordinated Notes.  
Status of the Notes: 
Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 of the Senior Notes) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
Subordinated Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The rights and claims of 
the Subordinated Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes, in each case against the Issuer, are subordinated as 
described in the provisions of Condition 3.1 of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme 
(if any).  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on Euronext Dublin.  
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Senior Notes) will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if 
so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except Condition 3 of 
the Subordinated Notes which will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Luxembourg law.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law 
of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the 
Companies Law), shall not apply. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, Japan, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, 
Israel, Singapore, Switzerland and Canada and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes).

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all 
such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer has identified in this Offering 
Circular a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments 
due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks Relating to the Real Estate Market  
The Group's performance is dependent on demographic, economic, political and market developments 
primarily in Germany, as well as in the Netherlands, the UK and the other areas where the properties in the 
Group Portfolio are located. 
The Issuer is a specialist real estate company, with a focus on value-add and income generating properties 
primarily in the German, Dutch, and UK real estate markets. The Issuer invests in commercial and residential 
real estate assets. The Issuer's performance depends on the performance of the Group Portfolio (as defined 
below), which in turn depends on the performance of the real estate markets in Germany, the Netherlands, the 
UK (particularly in London) and the other areas where the properties that are included in the Group Portfolio 
are located (collectively, the Portfolio Regions). Because the performance of real estate markets is driven by 
changes in the overall economy, the Group's performance is affected not only by factors that impact the 
commercial and residential real estate markets, but also by factors that impact the economy more generally, 
such as interest rates, levels of public debt, gross domestic product growth and inflation rates. Real estate 
markets tend to fluctuate, with asset values and rents reflecting both positive and negative developments. 
Demographic, economic, political and market factors may have an impact on the performance of the Group 
Portfolio, and economic developments in and related to the real estate markets in the Portfolio Regions and 
their individual submarkets may significantly impact the Group's business and future prospects. These 
developments play an important role in determining property values, rent levels, re-letting periods, overall 
demand, vacancy rates and turnover rates, and may vary significantly across the Portfolio Regions. Although 
the Group Portfolio is located primarily in Germany and the Netherlands, the Group Portfolio is more 
concentrated in certain regions of those countries, such as Berlin, North Rhine Westphalia, Frankfurt, Munich, 
Hamburg, Dresden, Leipzig, Halle and Hannover in Germany, and Amsterdam, Rotterdam and Utrecht in the 
Netherlands. A portion of the Group Portfolio is also located in London. Thus, the performance of the Issuer 
and the Group depends not only on general economic and demographic developments in Germany, the 
Netherlands and the UK, but also on the particular circumstances in the Portfolio Regions. Through the 
successful completion of the public takeover of TLG Immobilien AG (TLG) on 19 February 2020, the Group 
increased its Commercial Portfolio (as defined below) in Germany. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, numerous factors are contributing to a considerably uncertain 
economic environment. Foremost the spread of the novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 and its associated diseases 
(COVID-19) together with the measures taken by authorities to contain the spread of COVID-19 have shown 
negative impacts on the overall economy, disrupted global supply chains, lowered equity market valuations,

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, and increased unemployment levels. In 
Europe, potential future changes to monetary policy, renewed doubts about the future of the Eurozone, political 
uncertainty arising from populist movements, insufficient deleveraging in the private and public sectors, a halt 
in implementing structural and financial reforms and an elevated level of political uncertainty could adversely 
affect the real estate markets as well as the Group’s operations (see "—Risks Relating to the Real Estate 
Market—The European real estate market and the Group’s business may continue to be negatively affected by 
the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic."). The extent, duration and magnitude of the COVID-19 pandemic’s 
effects will depend on future developments, all of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict, including 
the impact of the pandemic on global and regional economies, travel, and economic activity, as well as actions 
taken by governments, businesses and individuals in response to the pandemic or any future resurgence.  
The market for commercial real estate, and the performance of the Issuer’s commercial real estate consisting 
primarily of office, hotel, logistics/wholesale, retail and other types of commercial real estate (the Commercial 
Portfolio), depends on economic and demographic developments in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and 
the other Portfolio Regions. Factors such as changes in disposable income or industrial activity, the availability 
of credit financing, interest rates, taxation policies, economic growth, population growth, unemployment rates, 
consumer confidence, public health crises and other factors may all impact the level of demand for commercial 
real estate. A decline in population levels, particularly among younger segments of the working population, or 
a decline in purchasing power or higher unemployment rates could reduce the demand for office, hotel, retail 
and other commercial properties. Declines in economic and population growth rates in the Portfolio Regions 
could lead to lower demand for residential real estate as well as to lower demand for commercial property, 
and, as a result, may adversely affect the Group's ability to achieve or maintain its desired occupancy rates, 
rent levels and weighted average lease terms (WALTs). Local economic developments, such as employment 
conditions or significant income or liquidity problems for tenants in these areas, may also lead to reduced 
rental income and increased vacancy or turnover rates. In such circumstances, the Group may not be able to 
let or re-let properties on attractive terms or at all, or may only be able to do so after making significant 
additional investments. 
The performance of the Group's Commercial Portfolio also depends on the demand for hotel rooms in the 
Portfolio Regions where its hotel properties are located. The Group's hotel properties are located in diverse 
regions and major European capital cities such as Berlin, London, North Rhine Westphalia, the Meuse River 
in the Netherlands, Limburg (Belgium), Paris, Hamburg/Lüneburger Heide, Eindhoven/Brabant, 
Stuttgart/Baden-Baden, Munich, Brussels, Frankfurt and Rome. The Group's hotel properties are operated 
primarily by third party tenants, the majority of which have entered into long-term rent lease agreements with 
the Group. The Group's ability to attract and retain solvent and reliable tenants for its hotel properties depends 
on the broader development of the hotel market. The profitability of hotels generally, and hence the 
attractiveness of the Group's hotel properties for tenants, may be adversely affected by a number of factors, 
including the availability of and demand for hotel rooms in the regional markets, the desirability of particular 
locations and changes in travel patterns for commercial or leisure travel, or the impact of war, actual or 
threatened terrorist activity and heightened travel security measures instituted in response. Profit margins in 
the hotel industry may decline due to increases in the cost of raw materials, limiting the attractiveness of hotels 
for tenants. Additional competition in the Portfolio Regions where the Group's hotel properties are located 
may also reduce profitability for the Group's existing hotel tenants, which may create financial difficulties for 
such tenants and limit their ability to pay their rents or fulfil other obligations under their leases. 
The performance of the Group’s Residential Portfolio, which is primarily held through its subsidiary Grand 
City Properties S.A. (GCP, which was previously treated as an equity-accounted investee prior to the 
accounting consolidation discussed below) (the Residential Portfolio, and together with the Commercial 
Portfolio, the Group Portfolio) may be affected by the development of GCP's business. On 23 July 2021, the 
Issuer announced that it has resolved upon the accounting consolidation of GCP in its consolidated financial 
statements starting from 1 July 2021 following a thorough analysis of several cumulative circumstances which, 
together, from an accounting perspective, resulted in treating the Issuer’s investment in GCP as a position of 
de-facto control, as defined under IFRS. The Issuer holds, as of the date of this Offering Circular, a 44.68% 
stake in GCP. For more information, see "—Risks Related to the Business of the Group—Minority shareholders

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
in GCP may block resolutions that are supported by the Issuer or that are in line with the Issuer’s strategy, 
policies or objectives. GCP's business is subject to a number of risks, and GCP may not manage or develop 
its business properly." Due to the accounting consolidation of GCP, negative developments in the residential 
real estate market in Germany and/or in the performance of the Residential Portfolio may directly negatively 
impact the Issuer’s business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations or net profits as 
presented in the consolidated financial information.  
The occurrence of any of these risks or any misjudgement, miscalculation, failure or inability of the Group to 
react to such risks may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The European real estate market and the Group’s business may continue to be negatively affected by the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, such as 
the COVID-19 pandemic, together with any measures aimed at mitigating a further expansion thereof may 
continue to have a negative impact on the overall economic situation including the European real estate market. 
As a reaction to COVID-19, authorities in many countries have imposed severe restrictions on travel, 
quarantines, and prolonged closures of workplaces, curfews and other social distancing measures. The 
restrictive administrative measures vary from country to country and sometimes regionally. In Germany, the 
Netherlands and in the UK, federal and state governments had inter alia agreed to the partial or complete 
closure or certain restrictions of businesses, primarily those with high consumer attendance, such as hotels, 
restaurants, bars, clubs, retail stores, and others. While the Group's daily operations are not materially 
dependent on a supply chain or production chain that may be disrupted due to COVID-19, the pandemic has 
had an adverse impact on the Group’s hotel and non-essential goods retail asset classes. COVID-19’s impact 
on the tourism sector has lowered revenues for hotel operators substantially.   
The Group’s rent collection rate of its hotel portfolio has continued to fall significantly below the level of 
previous periods prior to the outbreak of the pandemic mainly due to hotel tenants’ inability to pay their rent. 
In some cases, the Group has completed negotiations with hotel tenants to extend leases at a higher rent. In 
return, a rent-free period was granted, which provided immediate relief to these tenants. The rent collection 
rate for the hotel portfolio for the first half of 2021 was 34% (excluding the lease extension incentives).   
As of 30 June 2021, the Group’s property operating expenses amounted to €218.1 million of which the Group 
recognised €75.2 million of extraordinary expenses for uncollected rent during the first half of 2021, in 
response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic especially affecting the hotel industry’s ability to pay rent 
which has been heavily impacted by restrictions. The Group is working together with its tenants, on a case-
by-case basis to collect the deferred amounts. Although the rent collection rate of the Group’s other asset 
classes was only slightly impacted in 2020 and had recovered by the year-end to near pre-pandemic levels, the 
COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the Group’s ability to attract new leases, fill existing vacancies 
and replace expiring leases.   
The implications of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures aimed at mitigating a further expansion continue 
to depend on a number of factors, such as the duration and spread of the outbreak as well as the timing, 
suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, the availability of resources, including 
human, material, infrastructure and financial (e.g. governmental stimulus packages and/or measures introduced 
by central banks) required to implement effective responses to the respective situations at the international, 
national and regional levels and the level of civil compliance with such measures. Several pharmaceutical 
manufacturers received approval for their vaccine against COVID-19 by the end of 2020 and countries began 
administering such vaccines shortly thereafter. However, slow vaccine rollout programmes as well as supply 
issues have impeded the vaccination efforts of continental Europe. The UK and Germany have enjoyed a 
relatively successful vaccine rollout to date and reopened their economies, including hotels, with some 
restrictions still in place. While the vaccine gives hope of curbing the pandemic, mass vaccinations will require 
time to achieve and there is uncertainty as to the effectiveness of the currently available vaccines against new 
variants and/or mutations of COVID-19. Additionally, there is no guarantee that such measures, or a

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
combination thereof, are effective means to combat such an outbreak and the implications resulting therefrom, 
which may result in an increase of credit risk, liquidity risk and operational risk for the Group. 
A number of factors already have shown negative effects on the global economy and international financial 
markets in general and may continue to have a material adverse effect on the markets in which the Group 
operates in particular. As economic activity has been drastically reduced for several months, many companies 
were forced to adopt short-time work for their employees, implement work-from-home models or even 
implement mass redundancies or close permanently which in the end has led or will continue to lead to an 
increase in unemployment. As businesses and unemployed workers no longer have the income to pay their 
outstanding debts, the number of defaults and insolvencies could significantly increase. Such developments 
could have a number of effects on the Group’s business, including the following: 
 
The measures taken against the spread of the virus causing COVID-19, especially the temporary shut-
down of businesses and other containment efforts have led to a partial or total loss of revenues for 
some of the Group’s tenants, in particular hotel tenants, which in turn could lead to a permanent loss 
of rental payments, late or reduced payments due to a lack of the Group’s tenants’ liquidity, operational 
failure, bankruptcy or for other reasons. 
 
In addition, there might be a higher probability of tenant insolvencies if tenants cannot recover to pre-
COVID-19 operating revenue levels, leading to material rent loss for the Group. 
 
The massive decline in private and business travel worldwide caused by travel restrictions and decline 
in traveller confidence has led to significantly lower demand for hotel accommodation. As a result, 
prior to and following governmental shut-downs during which the hotels were closed, the tenants of 
the Group’s hotel properties have faced considerable downturns in bookings. Additionally, substantial 
regulatory restrictions imposed on the hotel industry are likely to have a substantial negative impact 
on the profitability of hotel operators. Even after hotel operators have been able to reopen hotels where 
operations were suspended, there remains considerable uncertainty as to the time it will take to see an 
increase in travel and demand for lodging and travel-related experiences. Consequently, economic 
difficulties of such tenants could also result in an inability to pay the rent when due or at all and thereby 
reduce the Group’s cash flow. 
 
The Group may not be able to lease its properties to new tenants, if existing tenants become insolvent, 
and the economic downturn continues. If the impact of COVID-19 on the real estate market is 
prolonged, the Group’s ability to attract new tenants, extend leases, increase rents and decrease 
vacancies may be negatively affected. As a result, the Group might be confronted with having to 
endure either a higher rate of vacancies or lower rental prices at its properties. 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic, the measures imposed by authorities to mitigate the crisis and the resulting 
economic implications could have material negative effects on the valuation of the Group’s real estate 
properties and therefore on its assets. Such factors have already led valuators to reassess the hotel asset 
class risk, resulting in downward valuations. While such negative valuations of the hotel portfolio 
have so far been offset with positive revaluations in the Group’s other asset classes, there could 
potentially be more negative revaluations in the future, which would have an impact on the Group’s 
ability to leverage key performance indicators, and could in turn, adversely impact the Group’s credit 
rating. Declines in value of the Group’s properties and loss of income may also have a negative impact 
on the compliance with the financial covenants in the Group’s debt financing arrangements, which in 
the event of breaches of financial covenants, could trigger substantial early repayment obligations. 
 
The Group’s access to financing and liquidity may also be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. As a 
result of increased levels of defaults, banks may have reduced liquidity, which could make it harder 
for the Group to obtain bank financing that it may desire for future acquisitions or re-financing 
purposes. If the capital markets continue to remain volatile as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
Issuer may face difficulties in accessing the capital markets for new financing. Adverse capital market

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
conditions may lead to increased costs of funding, resulting in an adverse impact on the Group’s 
earnings and financial position and the Group’s ability to refinance maturing liabilities may be limited. 
 
The post-takeover integration efforts to integrate TLG into the Group and to lift synergies may be 
negatively impacted. 
 
European countries, including Germany, the Netherlands and the UK, have enacted certain legislative 
amendments to mitigate the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic for tenants. Among others, new 
laws have been adopted that prevent landlords from terminating lease agreements solely on the basis 
of the default of rental payments by tenants. These laws also give tenants the right to prove that their 
leases are affected by official COVID-19 measures (e.g. by closures), and according to such laws it is 
legally presumed that such official restrictions constitute a circumstance that can lead to an adjustment 
of the lease as a result of the disturbance of the basis of the contract (Störung der Geschäftsgrundlage). 
The German legislature has enacted legislative amendments with effect from 1 April 2020 to mitigate 
the expected payment difficulties of private individuals and companies as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic (Gesetz zur Abmilderung der Folgen der COVID-19-Pandemie im Zivil-, Insolvenz- und 
Strafverfahrensrecht vom 27. März 2020). As part of these measures, both commercial and residential 
lease agreements can no longer be terminated until 30 June 2022 by the landlord solely based on a 
default in rental payments during the period beginning from 1 April 2020 and ending on 30 June 2020, 
if the failure to pay is caused by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Such measures prevent the 
Group from terminating defaulting tenants and/or may force the Group to agree to downward 
adjustments of rent, which may reduce the Group’s cash flow. Such risk would exacerbate should 
countries prolong the duration for which such tenant protection laws apply. 
 
Lower economic activity could also make it more difficult to sell properties (and in particular, 
disposing at prices that were expected prior to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic) should the 
Group decide to dispose more properties. 
 
New development projects and modernisation works might see temporary delays due to lockdown 
measures and certain constraints, such as delays of required permits from state authorities, delays of 
and difficulties with, the supply of raw materials as well as possible limitations of construction workers 
permitted on site. 
Recent decreases in infection rates and increasing levels of vaccination across the population have resulted in 
softening of the restrictions on travel and closure of businesses. However, ongoing restrictions on social 
distancing in European countries continue to prevent many businesses including the Group’s hotel tenants and 
to a certain degree the Group’s office tenants, to run their business on a normal, i.e. cost-covering level, which 
in turn could prevent them from being able to pay due rents and other expenses, and this could have a negative 
impact on the Group’s cash-flow. Future quarantines and lockdowns due to potential additional waves of 
COVID-19 and the further spread of stronger, more contagious COVID-19 variants could materially impact 
the Group’s collection rate as more tenants are likely to defer rent payments. Against this background, the 
COVID-19 related risk factors may continue to prevail for an unforeseeable period and the ultimate impact of 
the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy and the Group’s operations remains highly uncertain. The 
occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The withdrawal of the UK from the EU may cause significant political and economic uncertainty in the EU, 
potentially limiting access to debt and equity financing for the Group and resulting in defaults by the 
Group's counterparties. 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 at 11pm GMT and the transition period ended on 31 December 2020 
at 11pm GMT. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union have ceased to apply to the UK.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
On 24 December 2020, an agreement in principle was reached in relation to the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), to govern the future relations between the EU and the 
UK following the end of the transition period. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement was signed on 30 
December 2020. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement has provisional application until the EU and UK 
complete their ratification procedures. The consent of the European Parliament is required before the Council 
of the EU can conclude the Trade and Cooperation Agreement. At the request of the EU, the provisional 
application has been extended from 28 February 2021 to 30 April 2021 to allow time for legal-linguistic 
revision. 
Although a trade deal has been agreed, uncertainties remain with regards to aspects such as data sharing and 
financial services. Since it has become official, the impacts of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU are expected 
to be seen in the following periods and may have an adverse impact on the economies of the UK and the EU. 
The Group relies on access to the financial markets in order to refinance its debt liabilities and gain access to 
new financing. Ongoing political uncertainty and any worsening of the economic environment may reduce its 
ability to refinance its existing and future liabilities or gain access to new financing, in each case on favourable 
terms or at all. Furthermore, the Group's counterparties, in particular its hedging counterparties, may not be 
able to fulfil their obligations under their respective agreements due to a lack of liquidity, operational failure, 
bankruptcy or other reasons. In addition, as of 30 June 2021, 21% of the Residential Portfolio consisted of 
properties held in London. This percentage may increase in the future, and this portion of the Residential 
Portfolio may be particularly exposed to the economic and political impact of Brexit. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow, results of operations, net profits and prospects. 
Continuing uncertainty regarding the development of the global economy may result in economic 
instability, limited access to debt and equity financing and possible defaults by the Group's counterparties.  
The global financial crisis of 2008 and 2009 resulted in a severe global economic downturn characterised by 
economic and political uncertainty, tensions in financial and capital markets and greatly weakened consumer 
confidence and levels of consumption. The global economic crisis resulted in ongoing sovereign debt and 
financial deficit crises in many parts of the world, particularly in the Eurozone, resulting in recessions and 
slowed economic development from which some Eurozone countries are only now beginning to recover. 
Public debt and unemployment levels remain high in many countries in the Eurozone, such as Ireland, Spain, 
Greece and Portugal, and future economic growth in the Eurozone is threatened by the fragile state of economic 
recovery in many Eurozone countries. 
The troubled macroeconomic environment also gave rise to ongoing economic and political instability, 
including the possibility of a breakup of the Eurozone. The European and global economies may also be 
impacted by Brexit (see "—Risks Relating to the Real Estate Market—The withdrawal of the UK from the EU 
may cause significant political and economic uncertainty in the EU, potentially limiting access to debt and 
equity financing for the Group and resulting in defaults by the Group's counterparties."), the current severe 
geopolitical crises in the Middle East as well as in the Ukraine, the uncertain economic prospects in China and 
other parts of the world, the results of the recent and future elections in a number of Eurozone countries 
(including in Germany and the Netherlands), the possibility of increased barriers to trade or “trade wars” in or 
with other countries or regions, and other factors, such as the fluctuation of raw material prices and currency 
fluctuations. Such instability and the resulting market volatility may also create contagion risks for 
economically strong countries such as Germany and may spread to the German or other Eurozone financial 
sectors and the German, Dutch, British and other Eurozone commercial and residential real estate markets. 
Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic which emerged in early 2020 has impacted the global economy and 
contributed to further market uncertainty (see "—Risks Relating to the Real Estate Market—The European real 
estate market and the Group’s business may continue to be negatively affected by the effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic.")

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
The Group relies on access to the financial markets in order to refinance its debt liabilities and gain access to 
new financing. Any worsening of the economic environment or the financial markets may reduce the Group's 
ability to refinance its existing or future liabilities or gain access to new financing, in each case on favourable 
terms or at all. Furthermore, the Group's counterparties, in particular its hedging counterparties, may not be 
able to fulfil their obligations under the respective agreements due to a lack of liquidity, operational failure, 
bankruptcy or for other reasons. The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect of the 
Group's business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The business of the Group, the Group Portfolio and the real estate markets in Germany, the Netherlands, 
the UK and the other Portfolio Regions are affected by changes in general economic and business 
conditions. The current economic situation is characterised by low interest rates, high valuations and an 
increased demand for investments in real estate. A rise in interest rates could have a material adverse effect 
on real estate markets, the valuation of the Group Portfolio and on the business of the Group. 
The global financial and economic crisis of 2008 and 2009 and the resulting slow global economic recovery 
have resulted in increased uncertainty regarding future economic developments. This uncertainty regarding 
the general economic outlook has made investment opportunities that provide stable and largely predictable 
cash flows more popular, such as investments in German and other real estate. This trend has been reinforced 
by the low interest rate environment in Europe. As a result, property valuations, demand for investments in 
real estate and the value of real estate companies have generally increased. These developments could reverse 
if, for example, interest rates were to rise, as observed in some parts of the world. An increase in interest rates 
could be driven by economic conditions, resulting in increased investor interest in investments with a higher 
risk profile and a decrease in interest in real estate investments, and a potential reduction in real estate 
valuations. 
An increase in interest rates could adversely impact the Group's business in a number of ways. Although the 
Group's current debt structure primarily involves debt at fixed interest rates or, where variable interest rates 
apply, is predominantly subject to interest rate hedging agreements, a future increase in interest rates may have 
a negative impact on the Group. In general, rising interest rates (or market expectations regarding future 
increases in interest rates) would make financing needed by the Group for its acquisition, capital expenditure 
(capex) and/or other real estate activities more expensive. Similarly, the willingness of purchasers to acquire 
real estate in such situations may be negatively affected, thereby restricting the Group's ability to dispose of 
its properties on favourable terms when desired. Rising interest rates could also impair the future performance 
of the Group's business, including its acquisitions and sales. 
In addition, the discount rate used to calculate the fair value of the Group Portfolio tends to increase in an 
environment of rising interest rates, which in turn could result in the Group Portfolio having a lower fair value, 
resulting in significant losses for the Group. Rising interest rates and economic recovery could also prompt 
investors to prefer investments which potentially have a higher yield than investments in real estate, which 
could lead to a general decrease in the value of real estate, thereby having a negative impact on the valuation 
of the Group Portfolio and potential disposals of assets from the Group Portfolio. For more information, see 
"Valuation Risks". 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash-flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The future growth of the Group depends on the availability of real estate properties with value-add potential 
at reasonable prices. The real estate markets in the Portfolio Regions are competitive, and competition may 
increase in the future.  
The Group seeks to acquire properties which the Group believes have value-add potential, and the future 
growth of the Group depends on the availability of such properties for purchase at attractive prices. Given the 
current high demand for real estate in Germany and the other Portfolio Regions, such properties or portfolios 
of such properties may be unavailable or available only on unfavourable terms or at unattractive prices. While

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
the Group is focused on acquisitions of commercial properties, in particular office, hotel, logistics/wholesale 
and retail properties, many of the commercial properties available on the market may not fit the Group’s 
investment criteria. In addition, a number of factors beyond the Group's control, such as the overall 
development of real estate markets, construction activity, zoning and planning laws and competition in its 
target markets, influence the availability of office, hotel, retail, logistics/wholesale and residential properties 
generally. There is no guarantee that the Group will be able to continue to identify or acquire a sufficient 
number of suitable properties at reasonable prices that will allow it to successfully implement its business 
strategy or grow its business effectively. 
The supply of real estate portfolios available for sale may also be reduced due to fewer sales by private or 
public sellers. If public and/or private entities reduce or cease privatising or selling their real estate holdings, 
supply, in particular for residential real estate, could be reduced, which may result in increased competition 
for acquisitions of suitable properties and may motivate potential sellers to sell properties through an auction 
process. The use of auction processes for the sale of properties has grown increasingly common in the Portfolio 
Regions and may increase in the future. Any of these factors may result in increased prices for the types of 
properties which are the strategic focus of the Group. As a result, it could be more difficult for the Group to 
successfully acquire properties, which could limit their ability to grow their businesses effectively. 
The Group is also exposed to competition from local and international investors in all of the Portfolio Regions 
as well as other markets in which it seeks to operate. The Group competes to acquire attractive properties with 
other investors, such as international real estate funds, German open-ended and closed-ended funds, publicly 
listed German real estate companies (such as Aktiengesellschaft or REIT-AG companies), Dutch real estate 
companies, pensions funds and other European and international companies, any of which may have greater 
resources, better information or better access to properties or financing than the Group. The Group also 
competes with other property companies, investment funds, institutional investors, building contractors, 
individual owners and other entities to attract and retain suitable tenants on favourable conditions. Competition 
in the real estate markets in the Portfolio Regions is generally intense and could further intensify in the future. 
There is no guarantee that the Group will be able to successfully compete in any of the Portfolio Regions or 
will be able to enter new regions successfully. Changes in law or regulation may also create environments in 
which the Group can no longer effectively compete. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the future business, cash flows, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Risks Relating to the Business of the Group  
The Group may not succeed in improving or adding value to its properties, such as increasing occupancy 
rates, rent levels and/or weighted average lease terms. 
The Group focuses on acquiring properties which it believes have upside potential, primarily through 
operational improvements such as increased occupancy rates, rent levels and/or WALTs. The success of the 
Group depends significantly on the Group's ability to improve and add value to the properties that it acquires, 
primarily by reducing vacancy rates and operating costs while increasing rent levels and WALTs.  
The Group's ability to increase its rental income and WALTs from new and existing tenants and to reduce 
vacancy rates depends on many factors, including, in particular, the demand for its properties, local market 
rents, the condition and location of its properties, required capex, refurbishment and modernisation measures 
and tenant turnover rates. Even if increased capex, refurbishment or maintenance measures would merit 
increases in rents, as a commercial matter, the Group's ability to increase rents is subject to certain limitations, 
including competition within the Portfolio Regions. Rent levels for properties in the Group Portfolio are also 
subject to the restrictions of relevant tenancy and other laws, as well as in certain cases contractual restrictions 
under purchase or financing arrangements in connection with the property, specific terms agreed with tenants 
under their leases, or conditions imposed as a consequence of having received government funding or public 
subsidies. Refurbishment and modernisation works might see temporary delays due to lockdown measures

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and certain constraints, such as delays of required permits from state 
authorities, delays of, and difficulties with, the supply of raw materials, as well as possible limitations of 
construction workers permitted on site. 
As a consequence, the Group might not be able to reduce vacancy rates and increase rental income and WALTs 
in a manner or to the extent that it expects, might be required to engage in excessive capex, and might 
experience increasing vacancy rates in its properties. The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits or 
prospects of the Group. 
The geographic and/or asset type composition of the Group Portfolio might change in the future due to 
further acquisitions or divestures. 
The Group continuously seeks investment opportunities throughout the Portfolio Regions and in other markets 
that it believes might meet its investment strategy. Consequently, the geographical and/or asset type 
composition of the Group Portfolio may change, either as a result of new acquisitions or as a result of 
divestitures of properties by the Issuer or other members of the Group. A change in the geographical and/or 
asset type composition of the Group Portfolio may lead to increased concentration in certain geographical 
areas, or introduce dependencies on regional market conditions in new or different geographical areas and/or 
asset types, which may have different fundamentals, trends or legal, regulatory and tax regimes than the current 
Portfolio Regions. A broader geographical distribution of the Group Portfolio may also result in additional 
costs in connection with the management of its properties and reduce the benefits of economies of scale. A 
different geographical distribution of the Group Portfolio may also result in reduced availability of market 
data, which could limit the Group's ability to predict the performance of its investments.  
The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, 
cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group.  
The performance of the Group Portfolio is exposed to concentration risks and other negative developments 
which could affect demand for the properties in the Group Portfolio or have significant impacts on key 
tenants or properties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business.  
The Group Portfolio is exposed to concentration risks due to its focus on certain types of real estate assets, its 
concentration on certain geographies, and its reliance in the case of certain properties on a limited number of 
key tenants. The performance of the Group Portfolio may be disproportionately impacted by events or market 
developments occurring in specific Portfolio Regions or by developments that affect certain types of 
commercial or residential real estate. In the event of developments that impact certain key tenants, the Group 
may be unable to find suitable replacement tenants at attractive rent levels or at all. Any of these developments 
may result in increased vacancy rates and decreased rent levels for the Group Portfolio, or have a significant 
negative effect on the Group Portfolio. 
In addition, demand for office, hotel, logistics/other and retail properties is not only affected by the overall 
development of the commercial real estate market, but also by commercial developments affecting existing 
and potential tenants for these types of properties. Such developments include an increase in food purchases 
over the internet and the trend towards smaller, high-quality food retailers affecting the Group's retail 
properties, the trend towards working from home offices or from tax friendly headquarters located away from 
city centres affecting the Group's office properties and the development of new or increased taxes, such as city 
tourism and hotel taxes, affecting the Group's hotel properties. The ongoing increase in sales and retail activity 
over the internet has and will likely continue to negatively affect demand for retail real estate. Some of the 
aforementioned trends have been and are likely to continue to be accelerated through the impacts of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. Although the Group takes steps to adapt its properties in response to market 
developments, there is no guarantee that the Group will be able to successfully predict or adapt to changes that 
may impact its tenant base or the Group Portfolio.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, 
cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group.  
The Group may be unable to find or retain suitable tenants on acceptable terms, and existing tenants may 
be unable to meet their payment obligations.  
The letting of properties is one of the most important aspects of the Group's business. The Group's rental 
income depends on its ability to let the properties in the Group Portfolio at profitable rent levels and attractive 
overall terms. Such efforts are influenced by a number of factors, including the remaining term of existing 
lease agreements, the commercial conditions of current tenants and the attractiveness of properties for new or 
existing tenants. The Group may be unable to renew expiring lease agreements on acceptable terms or to find 
suitable tenants willing to enter into new lease agreements. There is also no guarantee that the Group will be 
able to successfully compete for suitable tenants with other landlords, who may be able to offer more attractive 
properties, lease terms and/or rent levels. If the Group misjudges the attractiveness or future attractiveness of 
the properties in the Group Portfolio or the Portfolio Regions, in may be difficult to find suitable tenants that 
are willing to rent its properties at the rent levels or for the time periods anticipated by the Group. 
Failure to find and retain suitable tenants may prevent the Group from maintaining its current vacancy rate or 
renting vacant space, or may force the Group to reduce the rent levels it demands from current and future 
tenants and/or increase rent-free periods for current and future tenants, or require increased investment in 
tenant improvements. In particular, with respect to the Group's hotel properties, the number of potential tenants 
is limited, and suitable tenants must have sufficient experience with, and capacity for, operating hotels, as well 
be eligible to receive the relevant permits in order to operate hotel properties. The Group's ability to find new 
tenants for its hotel properties depends on many factors, including factors that are beyond its control, such as 
demand for hotel rooms in the relevant Portfolio Regions, profitability margins on hotels in the relevant 
Portfolio Regions and the hotel industry generally, and the level of competition in the hotel sector. 
In addition, the financial capacity or creditworthiness of the tenants of the properties in the Group Portfolio 
may deteriorate over time, reducing their ability to make payments under their leases on time or at all. 
Reductions in tenants' abilities to make payments under their leases may force the Group to reduce rent levels 
for the relevant properties, resulting in rental income that is significantly lower than originally estimated, while 
the Group's operating costs might remain largely fixed or even increase. The Group’s results may be also 
adversely affected if it is unable to pass on fixed operating costs for vacant space, including local taxes and 
service charges. The Group may also be forced to engage in expensive and time-consuming administrative or 
legal proceedings in order to evict certain tenants, or as a result of insolvency or other restructuring activities 
undertaken by its tenants, which may result in modifications to the terms of the Group's leases with or without 
its consent. Although the Group takes steps to verify the financial capacity of its tenants prior to entering into 
leases with them, the Group cannot predict the financial stability and commercial viability of its tenants going 
forward. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, net 
assets, financial conditions, cash flows, results of operations, net profits or prospects.  
Rent indexation clauses in the Group's lease agreements could adversely affect the Group's rental income.  
Some of the Group's lease agreements include clauses providing for full or partial indexation of the applicable 
rent in line with a reference index, such as the German or Dutch consumer price indexes. Rent levels under 
these leases will fluctuate based on changes in the reference index, and rental income may decrease. If a lease 
agreement does not contain an indexation or equivalent adjustment clause, or if such clauses are found to be 
invalid, the applicable rent may remain constant for the term of the lease agreement, while the Group's costs 
of maintaining the respective property may increase over time due to inflation. This risk is compounded by the 
fact that many of the Group's lease agreements provide for long-term leases.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits or prospects.  
The loss of rent, reductions in rent, higher vacancy rates and shorter lease terms may have a negative effect 
on the Group's business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and 
prospects.  
The business of the Group strongly depends on the rental income generated by the properties in the Group 
Portfolio, which is influenced by the rent levels, vacancy rates and WALTs of such properties. Any decrease 
in demand for commercial or residential real estate (whether due to general economic, demographic, political 
or market developments or due to conditions in particular regions or at particular properties) may result in a 
loss of rent, reductions in rent, higher vacancy rates or shorter lease terms, any of which could result in a 
substantial decline in the overall rental income of the Group. If tenants fail to meet their rent payment 
obligations in whole or in part (e.g., due to a deterioration of their financial situation or a deterioration of their 
business activity or the regions in which they operate), or if large numbers of tenants or certain key tenants 
terminate their leases, the Group could suffer a substantial decrease in overall rental income. Even if the Group 
is able to re-let the affected properties, there is no guarantee that it will be able to do so in a timely fashion, on 
attractive terms or at all. The risks related to loss of rent, reductions in rent, higher vacancy rates and shorter 
lease terms may be aggravated by the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic (see "—Risks Relating to the 
Real Estate Market—The European real estate market and the Group’s business may continue to be negatively 
affected by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic."). 
The Group is also required to maintain its properties in the conditions required by their respective lease 
agreements, by law and in certain cases according to the provisions of financing or loan agreements. If the 
required maintenance measures are not performed on time or at all, the rent that the Group is able to charge 
for the affected properties may be reduced, in some cases substantially. 
The occurrence of any these factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to capex, maintenance, repositioning, repair and development of 
properties in the Group Portfolio. The capex, modernisation, repositioning and development of properties, 
as well as their ongoing maintenance, may take more time, be more expensive or ultimately be less effective 
than originally anticipated.  
The Group is required to maintain the properties in the Group Portfolio in good condition, based not only on 
the requirements of law and its obligations under the relevant lease agreements, but also based on the quality 
of similar properties in the relevant Portfolio Regions. The Group performs maintenance and repairs, as well 
as invests capex, in its properties for many reasons, including among others to increase value, to avoid loss of 
value and to maintain demand for its properties. Modernisation, refurbishment and capex for the Group's 
properties may also be necessary in order to increase their appeal or to meet changing legal requirements, such 
as provisions relating to modernisation and energy savings and equipping residential units with smoke 
detectors. In some cases, the amount invested in a property by the Group may be significant. In addition, under 
a small number of loan agreements, the Group has an obligation to invest a certain amount into specified 
properties. 
The properties in the Group Portfolio may from time to time require investment for targeted modernisation 
and repositioning. Some of these properties were acquired following periods of mismanagement and may not 
have received adequate investment from previous owners, resulting in significant modernisation, 
repositioning, capex and fit-out costs, which could well exceed the costs of general maintenance. 
Although the Group takes steps to predict the expenses associated with its properties, there is no guarantee that 
the Group has predicted, or will correctly predict in the future, the amount of time and money that it must 
spend on maintenance, repairs, modernisation, repositioning, fit-out or capex and development of its

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
properties. These costs may increase substantially as a result of many factors, such as increased costs of 
materials, increased labour costs, increased energy costs, bad weather conditions, unexpected safety 
requirements or unforeseen complexities and developments at the building site. Further, necessary building or 
other permits may be delayed or denied, or only be issued subject to further restrictions or with fewer rights 
than anticipated by the Group. In addition, the impact of these factors may be more significant for the Group, 
which invests from time to time in properties that may have experienced periods of mismanagement, than for 
investors in properties that have been better maintained. In the case of acquired property portfolios, the Group 
may not be contractually protected against these costs and may not have been able to adequately predict or 
foresee them prior to the acquisition of the relevant properties.  
The Group may selectively choose to engage in development activities if it can identify suitable opportunities. 
Such developments, which may be long-term in nature, are associated with numerous risks, such as cost 
overruns, which may result in projects becoming unprofitable, and changes in the economic environment, 
which may make it difficult to complete projects on time or realise the returns the Group anticipated upon 
beginning such projects.  
During the initial phases of development projects, the Group normally carries the costs of the project and 
begins to receive revenues only at a later point in time. Development projects sometimes face cost overruns 
and delays in completion, many of which are caused by factors that are not directly within the control of the 
developer. Unfamiliarity with local regulations, delays in obtaining construction permits or contract and labour 
disputes with construction contractors or subcontractors and unforeseen site conditions may require additional 
work and involve construction delays. Failure of the Group to perform as expected or the cost of unforeseen 
significant capital improvements could decrease the Group’s cash flows. The Group could also underestimate 
the cost of improvements needed to market the property effectively to potential tenants. Any of these events 
could result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s future business, financial condition, operating results 
and cash flows. 
When considering property development opportunities, the Group makes certain estimates as to the economic, 
market and other conditions, including estimates relating to the value or potential value of a property and the 
potential return on investment. These estimates may prove to be incorrect, rendering the Group’s strategy 
inappropriate with consequent negative effects on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
conditions and prospects. 
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The growth of the Group depends on its continuing ability to acquire properties with value-add potential. A 
key factor for the growth of the Group has been its ability to acquire properties via its sourcing network and 
through transactions in a variety of forms. The Group may fail in its ability to source or acquire suitable 
properties.  
The Group's business model includes the acquisition of properties with value-add potential. The Group's 
growth relies on its ability to acquire such properties through its sourcing network, including the contacts of 
its key personnel. There is no guarantee that the Group's sourcing network will provide it with sufficient 
opportunities or that the Group will be able to maintain its sourcing network in the future. When engaging in 
disposals, the Group also relies on its ability to successfully reinvest the proceeds from such disposals in 
suitable properties. In addition, the Group's competitors may succeed in gaining access to the same sources of 
information and/or properties that the Group has relied on in the past, thereby undermining the value of the 
Group's sourcing network. 
The Group acquires properties through transactions in a variety of forms, including without limitation asset-
based transactions, share deals and acquisitions of non-performing loans (NPL) in a variety of forms. In the 
case of acquisitions of properties via NPLs, the Group may be unable to gain access to the underlying property 
in the time period anticipated by the Group, and may fail to gain access to the property at all, or may only do

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
so at a significantly greater cost than anticipated. As a result, there is no guarantee that the Group will be able 
to gain access in a timely fashion or at all to the properties it has attempted to obtain by means of NPLs. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the future business, net assets, cash 
flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group.  
The Group has selectively chosen to engage in real estate development. Following the takeover of TLG, 
development activities of the Group have been and may continue to be substantially extended. Such 
developments, which may be long-term in nature, are associated with numerous risks, such as cost overruns, 
which may result in projects becoming unprofitable, and changes in the economic environment, which may 
in turn make it difficult to complete projects on time or realise the returns anticipated upon beginning such 
projects. 
The Group has engaged from time to time opportunistically in real estate development projects that primarily 
relate to the expansion of existing properties or to the conversion of existing properties for a different future 
usage. Since the completion of the takeover of TLG, the Group Portfolio has been increased by properties with 
development opportunities and the Group is likely to extend the development activities based on potential 
and/or ongoing development opportunities in its portfolio or engage in other development projects, that the 
Issuer considers attractive or provide upside potential. Such developments are typically long-term in nature 
and involve numerous risks, including cost overruns, which may result in projects becoming unprofitable, and 
changes in the economic environment, which may make it difficult or impossible to fully lease projects upon 
completion.  
The Group undertakes these developments at its own risk and, due to inherent uncertainties, the Group faces 
the risk that such developments may not be profitable. This may also result in the Group failing to complete 
construction and delivery of project developments within the scheduled timeframe. During the initial phases 
of its development projects, the Group normally carries the costs of the project and begins to receive revenues 
in the form of rental income or from a sale of the property only at a later point in time. Development projects 
sometimes face cost overruns and delays in completion, many of which are caused by factors that are not 
directly within the control of the developer. The Group is dependent on third-party contractors to provide 
construction and other services for the realisation of its development projects. Outsourced services include 
architectural and technical design, concept design and construction. Due to the competitive environment in the 
German construction sector, particularly in Germany’s key metropolitan areas, qualified and reliable 
construction partners are in great demand. If the Group is unable to find or hire qualified and reliable 
contractors for any of its development projects, the successful completion of projects in time or with the 
required quality is at risk. Contractors may fail to meet the Group’s standards and deadlines. In addition, third-
party contractors can be adversely affected by economic downturns or poor management decisions. 
Unfamiliarity with local regulations, delays in obtaining construction permits or contract and labour disputes 
with construction contractors or subcontractors and unforeseen site conditions may require additional work 
and involve construction delays. Failure of property developments to proceed as expected or the cost of 
unforeseen significant capital improvements could decrease the Group’s cash flows. The risks related to real 
estate developments and third-party contractors may be aggravated by the consequences of the COVID-19 
pandemic (see "—Risks Relating to the Real Estate Market—The European real estate market and the Group’s 
business may continue to be negatively affected by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic."). Development 
projects and modernisation works might see temporary delays due to lockdown measures and certain 
constraints, such as delays of required permits from state authorities, delays of and difficulties with the supply 
of raw materials, decreased availability of foreign construction workers due to COVID-19 related restrictions 
on travel and entry as well as possible limitations of construction workers permitted on site.  
When considering property development opportunities, the Group makes certain estimates as to the economic, 
market and other conditions, including estimates relating to the value or potential value of a property and the 
potential return on investment. These estimates may prove to be incorrect, resulting in negative effects on the 
Group’s business, results of operations, financial conditions and prospects. An increase in development 
activities may also have a negative impact on the Issuer’s rating.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits and prospects. 
The Group may be unable to make acquisitions if it is unable to obtain the necessary funds. 
The Group's ability to make future acquisitions may be limited if the Group is unable to obtain necessary funds 
through additional debt or equity financing, each on acceptable terms. Further, additional debt incurred in 
connection with future acquisitions could have a significant negative impact on the Group's performance 
indicators, and could result in higher interest expenses for the Group. If the Group is no longer able to obtain 
the debt or equity financing it needs to acquire additional property portfolios, or if it is able to do so only on 
onerous terms, its future business development and competitiveness could be severely constrained. A shortage 
of financing may prevent the Group from growing. 
Since 2014, the Group has successfully raised debt and equity financing through the issuance of new shares 
and the issuance of debt securities, in addition to raising financing through bank loans. There is no guarantee 
that the Group will be able to obtain debt or equity financing as needed or on favourable terms or at levels that 
would allow it to acquire additional properties in the desired volumes.  
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits and prospects.  
The Group's acquisitions and investments involve risks that may not have been uncovered by prior due 
diligence or that may have been incorrectly evaluated by the Group. 
Before acquiring a property or portfolio of properties, the Group generally performs a due diligence exercise 
in order to evaluate the properties and to identify risks connected with the properties. There can be no assurance 
as to the adequacy or accuracy of information provided during any due diligence exercise or that such 
information will remain accurate following the conclusion of the due diligence exercise until acquisition of 
the relevant properties. In certain situations, the Group may enter into transactions with only limited time to 
conduct due diligence and/or on the basis of limited, missing, inconsistent or incomplete information. 
Particularly in the case of properties or property portfolios that were mismanaged, have deteriorated or were 
sold under financial, legal or time pressure, information regarding the properties may be limited, missing, 
inconsistent or incomplete.  
The Group purchases property through transactions in a variety of forms, such as asset purchases, stock 
purchases and the purchase of NPLs. These types of transactions differ in the amount of information that can 
be provided to the Group and the time that the Group is given to review it. It is possible that the Group may 
have overlooked or not received information regarding certain risks, especially where transactions were closed 
under financial, legal or time pressure. These risks, among others, relate to title and security searches, planning 
permissions and conditions, building permits, revisions to zoning plans, licences, fire and health and safety 
certificates and requirements and the compliance with related regulations as well as restrictions in connection 
with historic preservation laws, subsidised housing or contractual limitations imposed by the seller of the 
relevant property that may relate to investment obligations, limitations as to rent increases or other provisions 
for extra-statutory tenant protection. 
In the case of environmental risks, the Group or the original acquirers, as the case may be, may not have been 
able to undertake (or obtain results for) inspections and surveys (including labor and time intensive 
environmental and asbestos investigations and technical surveys) that the Group would otherwise have carried 
out in the course of comparable acquisitions. In respect of certain properties in the Group's portfolio, only 
limited investigation or review might have been undertaken prior to purchase as to the existence of harmful 
environmental contamination. 
Even if supplied with sufficient information, there is no guarantee that the Group will be able to correctly 
evaluate and predict the impact of the risks and information that it receives. It is possible that damage or quality

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
defects could remain entirely undiscovered or misunderstood, or that the scope of such problems may not be 
fully apparent in the course of the Group's due diligence exercise, and/or that defects may only become 
apparent at a later time. In general, sellers exclude liability for hidden defects in properties which they sell, 
which would prevent a claim for any loss incurred by the Group in connection with the acquisition of such 
properties. Even if liability for hidden defects has not been fully excluded, it is possible that the representations 
and warranties made by the seller in the course of the sale of the property failed to cover all risks and potential 
problems.  
Accordingly, in the course of acquiring a property portfolio, specific risks might not be or might not have been, 
recognised or correctly evaluated, which could lead to additional costs and could have a material adverse effect 
on the proceeds from rental income and sales of the relevant properties. 
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash 
flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
There is a risk that the Group may incorrectly appraise the value of acquired properties or property 
portfolios, real estate companies or NPLs before, during and after an acquisition. 
Prior to an acquisition, the Group carries out an examination and evaluation of the properties to be acquired, 
which typically includes developing an initial business plan for the properties after taking into account required 
maintenance, refurbishment, modernisation, repositioning or capex measures. 
The assumptions, estimates and judgments made by the Group in connection with its acquisition of properties, 
property portfolios, real estate companies or NPLs may be mistaken, inaccurate or incorrect, particularly with 
respect to anticipated rent and vacancy levels, commercial attractiveness, relevant costs and timeframes, and 
any other liabilities associated with the acquisition. During periods of reduced activity in the real estate 
markets, or periods of economic, political or market volatility, market prices for properties may be difficult to 
assess. In addition, the valuation methods used could subsequently be found to have been unsuitable for the 
environment during the periods in question.  
Accordingly, the actual performance of acquired properties may differ substantially from the performance 
predicted by the Group at the time of acquisition. It may be more difficult to lease or sell such properties than 
anticipated, market rents could decline or level to achieve the levels anticipated by the Group, and capex 
requirements and/or vacancy rates may exceed the Group's projections or even increase following the 
acquisition.  
Due to the numerous factors that affect the performance of property and real estate markets, there is no 
guarantee that the properties acquired by the Group will perform in the way the Group anticipated by the time 
of acquisition. Incorrect and erroneous valuations in connection with the acquisition of property portfolios and 
other unforeseeable events could result in the Group being unable to achieve its projected yields, leading to 
the risk that valuations of the properties at their acquisition or later on have to be adjusted downwards (see 
"Valuation Risks—Real estate valuation is based on assumptions that may change and are inherently 
subjective and uncertain. The values recorded in the Issuer's consolidated financial statements may not reflect 
the value of the Group Portfolio or development rights held by the Group."). 
The occurrence of any of these factors may negatively affect the value of the property portfolio of the Group 
as reported in its financial statements and may lead to negative impacts on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The Group's investments are predominantly investments in real estate or real estate companies. Due to the 
potentially illiquid nature of the real estate market, the Group may not be able to sell any portion of its 
portfolio or investments on favourable terms or at all.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
The Group primarily invests in real estate or in real estate companies. While the general strategy of the Group 
is to hold properties that it acquires, the Group will from time to time sell properties or portfolios of properties 
if attractive opportunities or market conditions arise. The ability of the Group to sell its properties generally 
depends on the liquidity of the real estate markets at the time of the potential sale. The demand for real estate 
assets is influenced by, among other factors, the quality of the property, vacancy rates, the overall economic 
and market situation at the time of the sale, the level of interest rates and the availability of debt financing to 
market participants. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could lead to an increased supply of real estate 
properties, as landowners may be forced to sell real estate properties to gain liquidity. At the same time, the 
demand for real estate could decrease due to a possible downturn in the overall economic situation. This could 
have a negative effect on property prices as well as the Group Portfolio and thus, impair the Group’s ability to 
sell the real estate property at favourable terms. 
As a result, if the Group were required to sell parts of the Group Portfolio, particularly on short notice or under 
legal, financial or time pressure, there is no guarantee that the Group would be able to do so in a timely fashion 
or on favourable terms or at all. In the case of a forced sale, for example, if creditors realise on collateral, there 
would likely be a significant shortfall between the fair value of a property or a property portfolio or shares in 
a real estate company and the price achievable upon the sale of such property or property portfolio or shares 
in such circumstances, and there can be no guarantee that the price obtained would represent a fair or market 
value for the property or property portfolio or shares. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, 
cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits or prospects of the Group. 
The Group may be exposed to losses and liabilities (including tax liabilities) in respect of its assets as a 
result of the acts or omissions of vendors or previous owners or occupiers or relating to the prior period of 
ownership. 
The Group may be exposed to losses and liabilities including, but not limited to, tax, environmental or 
regulatory liabilities, in respect of properties the Group has acquired or will acquire in the future, as a result of 
the acts and omissions of the relevant vendors or previous owners or occupiers of such assets or relating to the 
prior period of ownership in question. When the Group acquires property by means of the acquisition of other 
companies, the liabilities, provisions and other values booked by the Group may not accurately reflect the 
actual values of the property or the company or the result that the Group anticipated as part of the acquisition. 
The actual values may be materially lower than the face values recorded by the Group, which may result in 
significant losses for the Group. There is no guarantee that the Group will be aware or able to determine the 
scope of such losses and liabilities prior to acquiring the assets. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group.  
Following an acquisition, the Group is exposed to integration risks. 
After the acquisition of properties or a property portfolio, the properties must be integrated into the Group's 
existing management platform. The Group has developed an information technology (IT) based platform that 
is intended to provide efficient in-house management of its real estate portfolio, as well as the efficient 
integration of newly acquired properties. The integration of acquired portfolios may be more difficult or take 
longer than anticipated and cost savings and synergies may not develop as expected, resulting in higher 
administrative and management costs than anticipated by the Group.  
Also, the integration of IT systems of newly acquired property portfolios or real estate companies into the 
existing IT platform of the Group or transmission of the respective data into the IT system of the Group could 
require significant time, effort and related costs. As the Group continues to grow, further acquisitions could 
cause a significant increase in such costs, or in other costs related to the development and maintenance of the 
Group's IT systems.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash 
flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
Minority shareholders in GCP may block resolutions that are supported by the Issuer or that are in line 
with the Issuer’s strategy, policies or objectives. GCP's business is subject to a number of risks, and GCP 
may not manage or develop its business properly. 
On 23 July 2021, the Issuer resolved upon the accounting consolidation of GCP in its consolidated financial 
statements starting from 1 July 2021. The resolution follows a thorough analysis of several cumulative 
circumstances which, together from an accounting perspective, resulted in treating the Issuer’s investment in 
GCP as a position of de facto control, as defined under IFRS. These circumstances included, among others, 
the increase in the holding in GCP to 44.3%, excluding shares GCP holds in treasury, the historical attendance 
levels in GCP's general meetings and the current composition of GCP's shareholding structure. Although the 
Issuer is currently the largest single shareholder of GCP, and depending on the attendance level in a general 
meeting of GCP, may be able to pass resolutions that require a majority of the votes cast, there is no guarantee 
that attendance levels in general meetings of GCP will not increase in the future, which may result in 
resolutions or measures taken by other shareholders of GCP that are not supported by the Issuer or that are 
contrary to the Group's strategy, policies or objectives, and which may negatively impact the value of the 
Issuer’s stake in GCP. Even if the Issuer controlled the majority of votes in a general meeting of GCP, other 
shareholders may block resolutions or measures supported by the Issuer that require a higher majority of the 
votes cast, e.g. a majority of two thirds of the votes cast requirement for changes of the articles and suppression 
of subscription rights for capital measures. In addition, if the Issuer's shareholding in GCP decreases in the 
future, for example through conversions of GCP's outstanding convertible bonds or through capital increases, 
the Issuer's ability to influence important decisions at GCP might decline. 
GCP is a publicly traded specialist real estate company that focuses on investing primarily in the German 
residential real estate market. As such, GCP is exposed to a number of risks which are similar to those described 
in this Offering Circular with respect to the Issuer and the Group. There is no guarantee that GCP will be able 
to successfully manage these risks or additional risks relevant to its business, or manage or develop its business 
going forward. In particular, the Issuer’s options to influence GCP’s decisions and measures may be limited 
although the Issuer is GCP’s largest shareholder. Any negative developments with respect to the risks facing 
GCP or any misjudgement, miscalculation, failure or inability of GCP to react to such developments or to 
manage or develop its business successfully or any negative performance of its residential portfolio may have 
a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net 
profits and prospects of the Group.  
The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Minority interests of third parties in subsidiaries of the Group or co-investments may make it difficult to 
implement significant structural changes or other material decisions with regard to these entities, in 
particular, where those resolutions require a qualified majority or the unanimous consent of all 
shareholders of these entities.  
In some entities of the Group, the Issuer and/or its subsidiaries do not own all shares and/or do not hold all 
voting rights in such entities and are thus exposed to the influence of other shareholders or joint venture 
partners in the respective entity, including the holdings of minority shareholders. In some cases, significant 
structural changes or other material decisions with respect to such entities may only be implemented with 
qualified majority consent and/or the consent of the remaining shareholders or the joint venture partner. Such 
exposure to other shareholders' influence and interests may limit the Group's flexibility to implement the 
Group's strategy, policies or objectives. This could affect the distribution of dividends from such subsidiary or 
the sale of shares in such subsidiary or related properties. Furthermore, a joint venture partner or minority 
shareholder may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the Group,

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
take actions contrary to the Group's strategy, policies or objectives, experience financial or other difficulties 
or be unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligations under their co-investment agreements.  
The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, 
cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The Issuer is subject to certain obligations and restrictions due to the stock listings of the Issuer, TLG, 
WCM and GCP.  
Presently, the Issuer's shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
with simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with additional post-admission 
obligations (Prime Standard). Consequently, the Issuer is exposed to the restrictions and obligations arising 
from the applicable laws and regulations in Germany as well as the requirements of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange. The shares of TLG and WCM Beteiligungs- und Grundbesitz-Aktiengesellschaft (“WCM”), 
subsidiaries of the Issuer, are admitted to trading on the General Standard of the regulated market of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The shares of GCP, a subsidiary of the Issuer, are listed on the regulated market of 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with 
additional post-admission obligations (Prime Standard). 
These stock listings impose obligations and restrictions on the Issuer, TLG, WCM and GCP under the 
applicable capital markets provisions, such as the European Market Abuse Regulation, including the 
prohibition of insider trading and obligations to draw up insider lists and disclose inside information as well 
as under the applicable rules of the relevant stock exchange. In addition, the Issuer, as a result of being a 
shareholder of TLG, WCM and GCP, is subject to applicable capital markets laws and regulations, such as 
certain notification obligations on shareholding, public takeover regulations and squeeze-out provisions. 
These laws and regulations are constantly evolving, and the diversity and complexity of these laws and 
regulations create a risk that, in some instances, the Issuer may be deemed liable for violations of such laws 
and regulations, in particular, in connection with a failure to comply with those laws and regulations.  
Any violation or breach of these laws and regulations could affect the overall reputation of the Issuer and, 
depending on the case, expose the Issuer to administrative or judicial proceedings, which could result in 
adverse judgments and administrative fines. Furthermore there is a risk that the obligations arising from such 
laws and regulations may restrict or adversely influence the possibilities and overall conditions for taking 
material decisions with respect to the Issuer's interest in TLG, WCM and/or GCP.  
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits and prospects. 
The Group's business is exposed to risks from possible violations of building code and other such 
regulations in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and the other Portfolio Regions. 
The Group's business is exposed to the risk of non-compliance with building codes and other regulations as 
regards the construction of buildings. Such codes and regulations tend to become stricter over time. As a result, 
in addition to the risk that properties did not comply with such regulations at the time of acquisition, the 
building owner's responsibilities could also be further expanded with respect to fire, health and safety 
protection and environmental protection, which could require additional refurbishment, maintenance and 
modernisation measures. Furthermore, the projected cost of such measures is based on the assumption that the 
required permits are issued promptly and consistently with the Group's schedules. It is possible, however, that 
the required building permits are not issued promptly or are issued only subject to conditions, which may lead 
to substantial delays in the completion of such modernisation measures and result in higher than projected 
costs and lower rental income for the relevant properties.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, cash flows, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The Group may incur environmental liabilities, such as from residual pollution including wartime 
ordnance, soil conditions and contaminants in building materials. 
Properties owned or in the process of acquisition by the Group may contain ground contamination, hazardous 
substances, wartime relics (including potentially unexploded ordnance) and/or other residual pollution and 
environmental risks. The Group's properties and their fixtures might contain asbestos or other hazardous 
substances such as polychlorinated biphenyl, Dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane, Pentachlorphenol or Lindane 
above the recommended levels or above the allowable or recommended thresholds, or the buildings could bear 
other environmental risks. 
The Group bears the risk of cost-intensive assessment, remediation or removal of such ground contamination, 
hazardous substances, wartime relics or other residual pollution. The discovery of any such residual pollution 
on the sites and/or in the buildings, particularly in connection with the letting or sale of properties or borrowing 
using the real estate as security, could trigger claims for rent reductions or termination of letting contracts for 
cause, for damages and other breach of warranty claims against the Group.  
Moreover, environmental laws in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and the other Portfolio Regions, such as 
the German Federal Soil Protection Act (Bundesbodenschutzgesetz), typically impose actual and contingent 
liabilities to undertake remedial action on contaminated sites and in contaminated buildings or to compensate 
for damages. The liability need not be based on fault, i.e., the competent authority does not have to establish 
either negligence or intent on the part of the parties held liable. These obligations may relate to sites the Group 
currently owns or sites the Group formerly owned because environmental laws typically impose liability not 
only on the polluter but also on its legal successor, the owner of the contaminated site and in some cases certain 
previous owners. The costs of any removal, investigation or remediation of any residual pollution on such sites 
or in such buildings as well as costs related to legal proceedings, including potential damages, regarding such 
matters may be substantial, and it may be impossible, for a number of reasons, for the Group to have recourse 
against a former seller of a contaminated site or building or the party that may otherwise be responsible for the 
contamination, for example, because the former seller or polluter cannot be identified, no longer exists or has 
become insolvent. Moreover, even the mere suspicion of the existence of ground contamination, hazardous 
materials, wartime relics or other residual pollution can negatively affect the value of a property and the ability 
to let or sell such a property. 
Laws and regulations, as may be amended over time, may also impose liability for the release of certain 
materials into the air or water from a property, including asbestos, and such release could form the basis for 
liability to third parties for personal injury or other damages. In addition, if the Group's officers or employees 
infringe or have infringed environmental protection laws, the Group could be exposed to civil or criminal 
damages. The Group may be required to provide for additional reserves with respect to its potential obligations 
to remove and dispose of any hazardous and toxic substances. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The Group could sustain substantial losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance 
policies. 
The properties held by the Group are generally insured against losses due to fire, flooding, earthquakes and 
other natural hazards, operational interruptions and third-party liability, as well as terrorism to the extent usual 
for its business. The Group's insurance policies are, however, subject to exclusions and limitations of liability. 
The Group may, therefore, have limited or no coverage relating to third-party liability, other natural disasters 
and environmental risks or war. The Group may also have limited or no coverage relating to inflation, changes

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
in planning laws or regulations, building codes and ordinances, title defects and defective construction. In 
addition, the Group's insurance providers could become insolvent.  
The Group does not maintain separate funds or otherwise set aside reserves to cover losses or third-party claims 
from uninsured events. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of the Group's insurance limits occur, the 
Group could lose capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated income and capital 
appreciation from that property. In such circumstances the Group may incur further costs to repair damage 
caused by uninsured risks. The Group could also remain liable for any debt or other financial obligation related 
to such property and may experience material losses in excess of insurance proceeds. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The Group may face difficulties in replacing key personnel if it loses them. 
The success of the Group depends on the performance of its management executives and qualified employees 
in key positions, particularly employees active in the management of the Group with substantial expertise as 
to the sourcing of new property portfolios and the value-add and repositioning process for real estate. The loss 
of one or more members of the board of directors, advisory board, senior management or other key employees 
of the Group could impair the Group's ability to manage its operations effectively, in particular if the Group 
fails to attract new highly qualified management executives or qualified employees in key positions. The Group 
also faces competition for highly qualified employees from real estate and other companies, and may not able 
to recruit, retain or replace key employees in a timely fashion or at all.  
The failure to provide the necessary management resources or to recruit, retain or replace key employees may 
have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
Damage or interruptions to the Group's IT systems could lead to diminished data security and limit the 
Group's business operations. 
The Group's proprietary IT systems are an important part of the Group's business model. Any interruptions in, 
failures of or damage to the Group's IT systems could lead to business process delays or interruptions. If the 
Group's IT systems were to fail and back-ups were not available, the Group would have to recreate existing 
databases, which would be time-consuming and expensive. Any malfunction or impairment of the Group's IT 
systems could interrupt its operations, including its monitoring, controlling and reporting operations, which 
may result in increased costs and potentially lost revenue. The Group cannot guarantee that anticipated and/or 
recognised malfunctions can be avoided or remedied by appropriate preventative, maintenance or security 
measures in every case. Damage, malfunction or interruptions in the Group's IT systems may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and 
prospects of the Group. 
A loss of reputation or harm to the brand name of the Issuer, the Group or members of the Group, or of the 
members of the board, advisory board or senior management of the Issuer or members of the Group, or 
insufficient levels of client satisfaction may reduce the demand for the Group's properties, shares or debt 
and make it more difficult for the Group to raise capital or debt on attractive terms. 
If the Issuer, the Group or members of the Group, or the members of the board, advisory board or senior 
management of the Issuer or members of the Group, are unable to maintain their good reputations, brand names 
and high levels of client service, client satisfaction and the demand for the Group's services and property may 
decline. In particular, any damage to the reputation or brand names of the Issuer or the Group or the members 
of the Group may make it more difficult for the Group to rent its properties on favourable terms or at all, or to 
attract or retain tenants. Any loss of reputation or harm to brand names may restrict the Issuer or the Group's 
ability to attract or retain clients and business partners, and may limit its ability to source new business

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
opportunities or acquire new property on favourable terms or at all. Moreover, it may make it more difficult 
or expensive or impossible for the Issuer or the Group to raise capital, issue debt or gain access to financing 
from banks or the capital markets. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may result in a material decline in the share price of the Issuer or the 
trading prices of its debt and may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
Most of the tenants of the Group’s hotel properties are operating the hotels under well-known hotel brands 
on the basis of franchise agreements they have already entered or will enter into with the respective brand 
owners. Should tenants be unable to extend or renew their existing franchise agreements with the brand 
owners when they expire or if tenants violated the terms of the franchise agreements, the Group may face 
unforeseen expenses and potential losses resulting from a potential re-branding of the respective hotels.  
The Group has entered into long term lease agreements with the tenants of its hotel properties that operate 
these hotels under well-known brands and trademarks, such as “Hilton”, “Marriott” “Wyndham”, “IHG”, 
“Accord” and “Radisson”, on the basis of franchise agreements entered into with the respective brand owners. 
The underlying franchise agreements relating to the brands and trademarks provide for certain standards of the 
respective hotels and other covenants which the respective franchisees must comply with. In the event of a 
breach of a franchise agreement, that franchise agreement may be terminated and the respective hotel operator 
being the Group’s tenant might lose the right to operate the hotel under the respective brand. Also, the franchise 
agreements have a specific term. In the event a franchise agreement was terminated or not extended or renewed 
beyond its current term, the Issuer may incur unexpected expenses relating to any required re-branding of the 
relevant hotel, including the requirement of capex or refurbishing expenses. If such termination or non-
extension of a franchise term related to several of the Group’s hotel properties were to occur in the same 
timeframe, the Issuer may be required to make material investments to resolve these issues. The occurrence of 
any of the aforementioned risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.  
The Issuer is exposed to risks with respect to its investments in Globalworth Real Estate Investments 
Limited.   
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer, together with its joint venture partner, CPI Property Group 
S.A., holds an indirect interest in the listed company Globalworth Real Estate Investments Limited, Guernsey 
(GWI), of approximately 61%. GWI is a real estate company whose portfolio consists mainly of office 
properties in Central and Eastern Europe, in particular located in Poland and Romania. GWI's shares are traded 
on the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange. As the Issuer’s participation in GWI is 
held through a 50/50 joint venture, it cannot be guaranteed that all decisions or actions either supported by the 
Issuer or that are favourable to the strategy or objectives of Aroundtown will be taken, and this may adversely 
affect the value of the Issuer's interest in GWI. In addition, the joint venture may be prevented from 
implementing certain changes in GWI which would require a voting threshold to be met in excess of its current 
holding in GWI. 
Due to the focus on office properties in Central and Eastern Europe, particularly Poland and Romania, GWI is 
exposed to demographic, legal, economic and political market developments in these countries. The associated 
risks include, in particular, economic and political developments in these countries, uncertainty in the 
Eurozone and related currency fluctuations, as well as the potential effects of changes in interest rates. Other 
risks include the availability of properties for acquisition, GWI's ability to successfully manage its properties, 
potential changes in the geographical composition and concentration risks in GWI's property portfolio, GWI's 
ability to find and retain suitable tenants for its properties, the effects of capex, maintenance, new positioning 
and repair of its properties, the availability of funds and GWI's ability to access the capital markets on 
favourable conditions. There are also risks relating to legal, regulatory, tax or administrative obligations in

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
connection with GWI's properties. As GWI generates revenues from its portfolio in currencies other than Euro, 
there are also risks with regard to possible currency fluctuations.  
It cannot be guaranteed that GWI will be able to successfully manage these or other risks relevant to its 
business. Negative developments with respect to GWI's risks or misjudgements, miscalculations, GWI's failure 
or inability to respond to such developments or to successfully manage or develop its business could have 
material adverse effects on GWI's business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows, net income 
and prospects and, in turn, could have material adverse effects on GWI's share price, the value of the Issuer's 
interest in GWI and GWI's potential future dividend distributions. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on Aroundtown's business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations.  
The Group is exposed to risks from possible violation of data protection regulations.  
On 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into force in all European member 
states imposing substantial changes to the regulatory landscape of data privacy. The aim of the GDPR is to 
protect all EU citizens from privacy and data breaches. The GDPR applies to all businesses processing personal 
data of data subjects residing in the EU, regardless of the businesses’ location. While Aroundtown primarily 
deals with data referring to other businesses (i.e. its commercial tenants), GCP, with its residential focus, has 
a high volume of processing of private data as it has more than 80,000 tenants in its residential units. 
Aroundtown and to its knowledge, particularly GCP, have put in place substantial organisational procedures 
as part of their compliance systems to address the newly introduced privacy and data protection matters under 
the GDPR when processing data. However, GDPR regulation is complex, and the amount of data processed 
by Aroundtown and GCP is substantial. There is no guarantee that Aroundtown's or GCP’s compliance systems 
are in fact sufficient to manage the risks associated with GDPR. Should Aroundtown or GCP be in breach of 
material provisions of GDPR, substantial fines of up to 4% of annual global turnover or €20 million (whichever 
is greater) may be imposed. In addition to monetary damages Aroundtown or GCP may incur, breaches of 
GDPR could also trigger significant reputational damage that in turn could result in a lack of trust by existing 
or future tenants adversely impacting future rental income.   
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations.  
Besides its properties in Germany, the Netherlands and a limited number of properties in other continental 
European cities, the Group also owns properties in the UK and therefore, is exposed to currency exchange rate 
fluctuations. The Group’s accounting currency for its consolidated statements is Euro, while some of its 
subsidiaries in the UK draw up their financial statements in Sterling. The exchange rates between Sterling and 
Euro may fluctuate significantly. The results of operations and financial position of the Group’s UK 
subsidiaries and affiliates are reported in Sterling and are then translated into Euro at the applicable exchange 
rates for inclusion in the Group’s consolidated financial statements, which are stated in Euro. A decline in 
Sterling relative to the Euro would have an adverse effect on the Euro value of such properties, as reflected in 
the Group’s financial statements. Any decrease in fair value of its properties held in the UK might be 
exacerbated through exchange rate fluctuations. Aroundtown seeks to reduce exchange rate fluctuations 
between the Euro and Sterling by matching commitments, cash flows and debt in the same currency.   
In addition, Aroundtown has issued several standalone series of unsubordinated, unsecured senior bonds in 
currencies other than Euro where Aroundtown has entered into hedging agreements to mitigate currency risks 
from exposure to such foreign currencies. Aroundtown is also exposed to the risk that its hedging 
counterparties will not perform their obligations under these hedging agreements. Hedging counterparties may

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
default on their obligations vis-à-vis Aroundtown due to a lack of liquidity, operational failure, bankruptcy or 
other reasons.  
However, Aroundtown may not be able to hedge its currency risks completely through the aforementioned 
measures or at acceptable cost which could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Valuation Risks 
In the event of a downturn or other developments in the real estate markets in Germany, the Netherlands, 
the UK or the other Portfolio Regions, or in the interest rate environment, the fair values of the properties 
in the Group Portfolio may decline, which may have adverse effects on the valuation of the Group Portfolio. 
The Group accounts for its investment properties at fair value. The valuation is completed by third party 
appraisers. The valuation model is predominantly based on the present value of net cash flows to be generated 
from the property, taking into account expected rental growth rates, void periods, occupancy rates, lease 
incentive costs such as rent-free periods and other costs not paid by tenants, as well as capex and maintenance 
expenses related to the property. In specific cases the appraisers use special assumptions, assuming facts that 
differ from the actual facts existing at the valuation date or that would not be made by a typical market 
participant in a transaction on the valuation date. The expected net cash flows are discounted using risk-
adjusted discount rates. Among other factors, the discount rate estimation considers the quality of a building 
and its location, tenant credit quality, lease duration and terms, and the interest rate environment. 
Any change to valuation methodology may result in gains or losses in the Group's financial statements, based 
on the change to each property's valuation compared with prior valuations. There can be no assurance that any 
revaluation could be realised in a third-party sale. 
The valuations given to properties by third party appraisers and reflected in the Group's financial statements 
may exceed or be below the actual amount of net proceeds which would be realised on the relevant property 
at the time of any sale and are subject to fluctuation over time. Such variations may be driven by factors outside 
the control of the Group. The net proceeds realised from any future disposal may vary from the related 
valuation and such variations may be material and the relevant Group member may not be able to realise the 
full property value reflected in any valuation report. This could have a material adverse effect on the ability of 
the Issuer to repay the full principal of the Notes. 
The fair value thus reflects not only the circumstances directly connected with the property but also the general 
conditions of the real estate markets, such as regional market developments and general economic conditions 
or interest rate levels. Accordingly, there is a risk that in the event of a downturn in the real estate market or 
the general economic situation, such as may result from COVID-19 (see “—Risks Relating to the Real Estate 
Market—The European real estate market and the Group’s business may continue to be negatively affected by 
the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.”), the Group will need to revise downward the value of the Group 
Portfolio. In addition, rising interest rates generally may have a negative influence on the fair value of property 
portfolios and may impact the value of the Group Portfolio.  
Any change in fair value must be recognised as a profit or loss under the fair value adjustment. Any significant 
negative fair value adjustments that the Group is required to make could have significant adverse effects on 
the Group's financial condition and results of operations, as well as the market price of the Issuer's shares. 
Additionally, there would be negative effects on performance indicators, particularly with respect to net asset 
value (NAV) and loan-to-value ratio (LTV), which may have a negative influence on the credit rating of the 
Issuer and may constitute a covenant breach under certain financing agreements or debt securities. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Real estate valuation is based on assumptions that may change and are inherently subjective and uncertain. 
The values recorded in the Issuer's consolidated financial statements may not reflect the value of the Group 
Portfolio or development rights held by the Group.  
In valuing a property, an appraiser may consider factors such as real estate tax rates, operating expenses, 
potential environmental liabilities and the risks associated with certain construction materials, in addition to 
expected rental income, the property's condition and its historic vacancy level. In addition, property valuations 
may be based on assumptions or models that may not be correct or may contain mistakes. An adverse change 
in one of the assumptions used or factors considered in valuing a property can decrease the assessed value of 
the property. 
In addition, development rights held by the Group are typically valued using a residual value model, based on 
various factors such as expected rent of the property, operational expenses after completion, construction costs, 
timing of construction, financing expenses, capitalisation rates and assumptions on utilisation and approval of 
building rights. Any change in the assumptions used or factors considered in valuing these development rights 
may lead to a change in the fair value of these development rights, which may result in a write down of the 
value of such rights for the relevant accounting periods. 
When assessing the value of its properties, the Group also mandates external property appraisers. Important 
assumptions used by independent property appraisers are based on information that the Group produces, for 
example, vacancy rates, WALTs and current rental income. A change in the factors considered and 
assumptions used may cause lower valuation results. The valuation of the Group Portfolio may not reflect the 
actual sale or market prices that the Group could generate on a sale of its property, even where any such sales 
occur shortly after the relevant valuation date, or the estimated yield and annual rental income of any such 
property. In particular, during times of reduced real estate transaction levels, market prices for properties may 
be difficult to assess.  
Any re-valuation of the Group Portfolio could also cause the fair values determined for the respective valuation 
date to fall short of the book values of the relevant properties, resulting in a fair value loss. Under such 
circumstances, the Group would be required to immediately write down the value of the relevant properties 
for the relevant accounting period.  
The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
Financial Risks 
The Group may not be able to extend its existing credit arrangements, refinance its debt on substantially 
similar terms when it matures or obtain acquisition financing on financially attractive terms as and when 
needed. 
The Group may require additional funds to finance or refinance its debt, capex, future acquisitions and working 
capital requirements. The Group may likewise need to borrow additional funds or to raise additional equity or 
debt capital. The extent of the Group's future capital requirements will depend on many factors which may be 
beyond the Group's control, and its ability to meet its capital requirements will depend on its future operating 
performance and ability to generate cash flows. Additional sources of financing may include equity, hybrid 
debt/equity, debt financing or other arrangements. The Issuer believes that its debt structure, with an overall 
LTV of 33% as of 30 June 2021, is conservative and provides the Group with adequate flexibility as to future 
financings. There can be no assurance, however, that the Group will be able to obtain additional financing on 
acceptable terms when required. If the Group does not generate sufficient cash flows or if the Group is unable 
to obtain sufficient funds from future equity or debt financings or at acceptable interest rates, the Group may 
not be able to pay its debts as they come due or to fund its other liquidity needs. The occurrence of any of these 
factors would limit the Group's operating flexibility and may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
A rise in general interest rate levels could increase the Group's financing costs. When it attempts to mitigate 
interest rate risk or currency exchange rate fluctuations by entering into hedging agreements, the Group 
also becomes exposed to the risks associated with the valuation of hedge instruments and these hedges' 
counterparties. 
As at 30 June 2021, prior to the consolidation of GCP, the total carrying amount of Aroundtown’s total 
financial debt was approximately €11.4 billion and the Group's total net financial debt (total financial debt less 
cash and liquid assets) was approximately €8.2 billion. As at 30 June 2021, the total carrying amount of GCP’s 
total financial debt was approximately €4.2 billion and GCP’s total net financial debt (total financial debt less 
cash and liquid assets) was approximately €2.9 billion. Following the accounting consolidation of GCP as of 
1 July 2021, the Aroundtown’s financial debt will be increased by GCP’s financial debt.  
When concluding financing agreements or extending such agreements, the Group depends on its ability to 
agree on terms for interest payments that will not impair its desired profit and amortisation schedules. In 
general, rising market interest rates would lead to higher financing costs in the future and so may have a 
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. The Group 
regularly enters into financing agreements with variable interest rates while hedging such variable interest rate 
with customary market hedging instruments, such as interest swaps or caps. The hedging instruments that the 
Group uses, however, may not be completely effective, and the Group may be unable to enter into necessary 
extensions or renegotiations of its financing agreements or hedging instruments at their current interest rate 
terms, including associated costs, or to the extent planned.  
In addition, the hedging agreements the Group enters into generally do not completely counterbalance a 
potential change in interest rates, and as a result even with hedging agreements in place, interest rate 
fluctuations may have a negative impact on the Group's equity. In addition, the Group is exposed to the risk 
that its hedging counterparties will not perform their obligations as established by the hedging agreements into 
which the Group has entered. Hedging counterparties may default on their obligations towards the Group due 
to lack of liquidity, operational failure, bankruptcy or other reasons.  
In addition, certain of the Group’s assets, liabilities, revenues and/or expenses are denominated in currencies 
other than Euro. The Group reports its financial results in Euro and must therefore translate the valuations of 
foreign currencies to Euro. To the extent that the Group does not hedge its exposure to foreign currency 
exchange rate fluctuations, or to the extent that such hedging is insufficient or otherwise ineffective, the Group 
could be exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates which could have a negative impact on 
the Group’s results and/or its financial condition and, accordingly, the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
under the Notes. 
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash 
flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The redemption or early redemption of the Issuer’s outstanding bonds may result in a substantial payment 
obligation for the Issuer. 
The Notes and other bond issuances by the Issuer contain provisions that provide for the redemption or early 
redemption of the bonds in certain situations. 
The Issuer’s other bond issuances may also be redeemed prior to their final maturity date in certain situations. 
In general, the bonds may be redeemed in whole but not in part by the Issuer at its discretion subject to the 
payment of the principal amount of the bonds and in certain cases the present value of the remaining interest 
payments on the bonds, discounted by a certain benchmark yield. The Issuer, may also generally redeem the 
outstanding bonds in an issuance if purchases (and corresponding cancellations) and/or redemptions and/or 
conversions (if applicable) have been effected in respect of more than 80% of the aggregate principal amount 
originally issued of the relevant series. The Issuer may also redeem the bonds in the event that the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay additional taxes as a result of changes in Luxembourg tax law. The holders of the bonds are

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
also entitled to demand redemption of the bonds in certain situations, including as a result of a change of 
control of the Issuer. 
The redemption or early redemption of any bonds may result in a substantial payment obligation for the Issuer 
and may require the Issuer to take steps to meet their respective redemption obligations, including borrowing 
additional funds. Redemptions or early redemptions of the Issuer’s bonds may have a material adverse effect 
on the net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The breach of covenants contained in the terms and conditions by the Issuer under outstanding bonds or 
promissory notes may result in substantial payment obligations for the Issuer. 
The Issuer has borrowed a significant amount of debt through the issue of bonds. As of 30 June 2021, the total 
aggregate amount of straight bonds outstanding of the Issuer was €9.33 billion (the Outstanding Senior 
Bonds), including Outstanding Aroundtown Senior Bonds in currencies other than Euro converted into Euro 
as of 30 June 2021. The Outstanding Senior Bonds are unsecured. In addition, the Issuer has issued unsecured 
promissory notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) (the Promissory Notes) in the amount of €325 million as of the date 
of this Offering Circular.  
The terms and conditions of the Outstanding Senior Bonds and Promissory Notes contain undertakings in 
respect of, among other things, the incurrence of further indebtedness, group structuring and the granting of 
securities. The Outstanding Senior Bonds and Promissory Notes require, in particular, that the Issuer complies 
with certain financial covenants, such as a maximum loan-to-value ratio, a minimum debt-service or interest 
coverage ratio, a minimum ratio of unencumbered properties and other assets or restrictions on the sale of 
properties. Any breach of such undertakings may trigger an event of default under the corresponding bonds as 
well as a cross-default under other Outstanding Senior Bonds and other financing arrangements of the Group 
including the Promissory Notes. Failure to make payments of principal or interest as they come due will also 
result in events of default under the Outstanding Senior Bonds or Promissory Notes. If the Issuer is not able to 
satisfactorily cure or avoid the occurrence of any events of default under the Outstanding Senior Bonds or 
Promissory Notes, cross default provisions in its financing instruments may result in additional financing 
instruments become immediately due and repayable in their respective principal amounts plus any accrued 
interest. An inability to satisfy these debts may result in the insolvency of the Issuer.  
Any of the foregoing factors might have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
A change of control in the Issuer or certain kinds of mergers may result in a substantial payment obligation 
for the Issuer with respect to its Outstanding Senior Bonds and Promissory Notes.  
According to the conditions of the Outstanding Senior Bonds and Promissory Notes, the holders of such bonds 
are entitled to request redemption of their bonds in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the relevant 
terms and conditions) of the Issuer. A Change of Control is generally deemed to occur if a third party acquires 
more than 50% of the voting rights in the Issuer (subject to limited exceptions for existing shareholders) or the 
right to appoint and/or remove the majority of the members of the Board of Directors. Furthermore, the holders 
of these bonds are entitled to demand repayment of the bonds in the event of special mergers under 
Luxembourg law in which the Issuer is dissolved without liquidation and absorbed by another company. 
In the event of a Change of Control or an aforementioned merger, the Issuer may face substantial repayment 
obligations or event of default under the relevant Outstanding Senior Bonds and Promissory Notes, and there 
is no guarantee that the Issuer will have access to sufficient funds or additional financing in order to satisfy 
such repayment obligations. Such failure would be an event of default under the related debt instruments,

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
which could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Issuer, and could result in the insolvency of the Issuer.  
A downgrade or withdrawal of the Issuer's, current credit rating may impact the ability of the Issuer to 
obtain financing or issue further debt and may have a negative impact on costs of debt.  
At the moment, the Issuer is assigned a "BBB+" investment grade rating with stable outlook by S&P. The 
credit ratings of the Issuer may be downgraded or withdrawn in the future as a result of factors that are beyond 
the Issuer’s control, such as a deterioration in the real estate or financial markets, or due to weakened financial 
performance by the Group. Any negative change in the credit rating of the Issuer may make future financing 
and debt issuances by the Issuer and other members of the Group more difficult and expensive, and may require 
the Issuer and other members of the Group to, among other things, pay higher interest rates and/or provide 
increased collateral or other security if they are able to access additional financing at all. A downgrade or 
withdrawal of the credit ratings of the Issuer may also result in a breach of certain financial covenants in their 
respective credit lines, financing arrangements and/or debt issuances, and may have a material adverse effect 
on the respective businesses. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. 
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Issuer's cash flow requirements and possible future interest payments are dependent on the profitability 
of the Group or must be met with borrowed funds or by selling property. 
The Issuer is the parent of the Group and conducts its business primarily through other members of the Group. 
In order to service the Issuer's and Group's debt (principal and interest), the Group needs to continue to achieve 
positive cash flows from operating activities. The Group generally generates such cash flow from rental and 
operating income (as described in the Issuer's consolidated financial statements) and from proceeds from 
disposals. If the Group is unable to generate positive cash flows from its operating activities in the future, the 
Group could be forced to sell properties irrespective of the market situation and possibly on terms unfavourable 
to the Group or be forced to borrow money on financially unattractive terms in order to meet its obligations.  
Should the Issuer's interest in GCP decline in the future, the Issuer may not be in a position to resolve on the 
declaration of dividends by GCP. Accordingly, there is no guarantee that the growth or performance of GCP 
will result in additional cash income for the Issuer.  
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the net assets, cash flows, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits or prospects of the Group. 
There are risks of foreclosure if the borrowing entities in the Group do not fulfil their obligations under 
loans granted by banks. A breach of covenants or undertakings under loan agreements, such as a change 
of control within the Group or a material decline in the collateral securing the loan, could result in 
substantial payment obligations for the Group and could lead to the enforcement of the related collateral 
including sales at prices substantially below fair value.  
The Group has raised capital in the past through loans and bond issuances and will likely continue to do so in 
the future. The receivables resulting from loans granted by banks for the purpose of acquiring and/or 
redeveloping properties are usually secured by first-ranking land charges in favour of the lending bank. If the 
relevant entity of the Group does not fulfil its obligations under the loan, e.g. repayment of receivables when 
they become due, or a potential breach of covenants or undertakings is not cured within the cure period, such 
entity could be forced to sell the respective security under time pressure or on unfavourable conditions, or the 
lending bank may be entitled to enforce its interest in the security, any of which may lead to a sale of the 
security at prices substantially below fair value.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
In order to increase its financial flexibility, the Group routinely enters into credit facilities of various types. As 
security for these credit facilities, the Group regularly pledges the shares of GCP that it holds or controls. 
These credit facilities may include provisions with respect to mandatory prepayments and/or cancellations in 
the event of a change of control or in the case of the occurrence of certain events or triggers with respect to the 
pledged securities, including a decline in share price. 
Loan agreements between banks and entities of the Group usually provide for financial covenants or 
undertakings. If the relevant entity is in breach of such covenants or undertakings, the lender may terminate 
the affected loan agreements. In addition, certain of the Group's loan agreements require that the Group receive 
the lender's approval in connection with any change in tenant or new rental agreement for the relevant 
properties. While the Group generally maintains good relationships with its lending partners, there is no 
guarantee that the Group's lenders in such circumstances will grant their approval for tenant changes that the 
Group would like to make, which may limit the Group's ability to manage certain of its properties. 
Most of the loan agreements of entities of the Group with banks contain standard change of control clauses 
enabling the respective lender to terminate the loan agreement in case of a change of control without the 
lender's consent. Under a considerable portion of the loan agreements the respective lender may terminate the 
loan agreement if (a) the Issuer is no longer (directly or indirectly) the majority shareholder of the respective 
borrower or (b) the property management of the respective property is no longer performed by a member of 
the Group. If a loan agreement is terminated due to the aforementioned reasons, the outstanding amounts 
(principal and interest) under the affected loan agreements are immediately due and payable. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits, cash flows and prospects of the affected entity and the Group. 
The Group has grown rapidly since 2012, and there is no guarantee that the Issuer and the Group will be 
able to manage future growth successfully. The Issuer's and the Group's historical earnings and other 
historical financial results are not necessarily predictive of future earnings or other financial results of the 
Issuer or the Group. 
The financial information included in this Offering Circular and the financial statements of the Issuer 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular relate to the past performance of the Issuer and the Group. 
The Group has grown rapidly since 2012, and the future development of the Group could deviate significantly 
from past results due to a large number of internal and external factors. There is no guarantee that the Issuer 
and the Group have the capacity to adequately manage and handle their future growth. The Group's risk 
management, IT, property management and other operational systems may be unable to handle growth of the 
Issuer and the Group, and the Issuer and the Group may be unable to acquire the employees, operating capacity 
and other resources that it needs to handle its growth in the future. 
In addition, because of the rapid growth of the Issuer and the Group, the historical earnings, historical dividends 
and other historical financial data of the Issuer and the Group are not necessarily predictive of future earnings 
or other financial results for the Issuer or the Group. Following the completion of the takeover of TLG in 
February 2020, the financial results of TLG have been consolidated in the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements beginning with the consolidated financial statements for the 3-month period ended 31 March 2020.  
This consolidation had a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements and, as a result, the 
Group’s consolidated financial statements as of 31 March 2020 and its future consolidated financial statements 
might not be comparable to its historical consolidated financial information. Similarly, following the 
consolidation of GCP in the Group’s consolidated financial statements beginning with the consolidated 
financial statements for the 3-month period ended 30 September 2021, the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements for that period and thereafter may not be comparable to its historical consolidated financial 
statement. The information presented in this Offering Circular often involves forward-looking statements 
based on estimates and assumptions of the Group. There can be no assurance that these estimates and 
assumptions will be accurate, reasonable or correct in every market condition, and the Group may fail to 
accurately predict future developments.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
The Group invests in traded securities. There is no guarantee that the Group will not suffer losses related 
to these investments. 
The Group invests in traded securities primarily to generate returns from excess cash. The traded securities 
value depends on parameters which are not in the Issuer`s control and their value may fluctuate. There can be 
no guarantee that the Group will not suffer losses related to these investments, which could have a material 
negative impact on Group’s net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the Integration of TLG and the Shareholding Structure 
The integration of TLG into the Group may not be successful or may not proceed as planned or may involve 
higher or unexpected costs.  
Following the successful completion of takeover on 19 February 2020, TLG will be integrated into the Group 
(the Integration). The Integration is expected to take several years and to require considerable management 
attention, personnel utilisation and financial resources. For a successful Integration, it is particularly important 
to integrate the existing personnel, corporate cultures, IT systems and group structures, as well as to implement 
common processes for the Group. The Integration will be time-consuming and expensive, and it may disrupt 
the businesses of the Group. The Group may encounter numerous difficulties in the course of the Integration, 
including: 
 
managing a larger Group, including a larger portfolio and larger exposure to development activities; 
 
integrating and unifying the offerings and services available to tenants and coordinating operations; 
 
coordinating corporate and administrative infrastructures and harmonising insurance coverage for the 
Group; 
 
unanticipated issues in coordinating accounting, IT, communications, administration and other 
systems; 
 
difficulties addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies; 
 
creating uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies for the Group; 
 
litigation relating to the Integration, including shareholder litigation; 
 
diversion of management’s attention from other operations; 
 
maintaining existing agreements and relationships with tenants, providers and financing banks and  
avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective tenants, providers and financing 
banks; and 
 
identifying and eliminating redundant and underperforming functions and assets. 
If the Group is unable to pursue the Integration in an efficient and effective manner due to the difficulties listed 
above or otherwise, the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the Integration may not be fully realised, or at 
all, or it may take longer to realise them, which could adversely affect the Group.  
In addition, the Integration may result in additional or unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits of the 
Integration may not be fully realised, or at all. Actual growth and cost savings, if achieved, may be lower than 
what the Issuer currently expects and may take longer to achieve than currently anticipated. If the Issuer is

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
unable to adequately address integration challenges, the Group may be unable to pursue the Integration or to 
realise the anticipated benefits of the Integration.  
Although the Issuer holds approximately 80% of the shares of TLG, the management board of TLG is solely 
responsible for the management of TLG in its own responsibility and at its own discretion. The discretion of 
the management board of TLG may collide with the interests of the Issuer. At present, there is no domination 
agreement (Beherrschungsvertrag) in place between the Issuer and TLG. In particular, the Issuer cannot issue 
instructions to the management board of TLG. Currently, it is not foreseeable if the Issuer will propose the 
conclusion of a domination agreement. Without a domination agreement in place, the integration of TLG into 
the Group may not be fully implemented.  
TLG minority shareholders may delay or prevent future measures enacted for the benefit of the Integration. 
Remaining minority shareholders of TLG may delay or prevent future measures enacted for the benefit of the 
Integration. Under German law, remaining minority shareholders of TLG have certain rights which may result 
in delays or disruptions of planned measures under corporate law with respect to TLG (e.g. a change of the 
legal form, a squeeze-out, the conclusion of a domination and profit and loss transfer agreement or a merger). 
Minority shareholders may delay or even prevent such measures. Such delays or a failure to implement 
important measures as well as any legal disputes associated therewith may limit the Issuer’s control over TLG, 
limit the Issuer’s access to TLG’s cash flows and delay or even prevent corporate measures enacted for the 
benefit of the Integration.  
Such delays, disruptions or challenges to the Integration may cause the Group to be unable to realise the 
anticipated benefits of the Integration in a timely manner or at all. The materialisation of any of these risks 
could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, net assets, financial condition, results of 
operations or cash flows.  
TLG is a real estate company that is exposed to a variety of risks that the Issuer believes are comparable to 
the risks associated with the business activities of the Issuer. However, it cannot be ruled out that TLG may 
be exposed to further, previously unrecognised risks, the realisation of which could also have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s net assets, financial position and results of operations.  
There a risk that the corresponding risks could increase and negative consequences could have a greater impact 
on the Group than the Issuer currently expects. Since the completion of the takeover, the economic 
development of the Group would also depend on the economic development, in particular on the value of 
TLG’s property portfolio and the positive continuation of the development projects that have become part of 
the Group Portfolio. Any adverse development or any decline in the fair value of TLG’s property portfolio 
could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group Portfolio and therefore on the Group's business 
activities and its net assets, financial position and results of operations.  
The materialisation of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, net 
assets, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
The expected synergies in connection with the Integration may not be fully realised, or at all, and the actual 
synergies may be offset by higher than anticipated costs. 
The Issuer expects that the Integration will result in a variety of benefits and synergies for the Group. In 
particular, the Issuer expects that such effects will result from the further development of shared services, in 
housing of services currently provided by external service providers, a combined management organisation, 
combined back office functions, optimised local management and a focus on achieving overhead synergies for 
the combined group. In addition, financial synergies are expected in the refinancing of existing financial 
indebtedness and in the development of properties. However, it cannot be excluded that the expected synergies 
and economies of scale will not be fully realised, or at all. In addition, the costs required to achieve these 
synergies may be higher than anticipated. TLG’s portfolio could develop differently than the Issuer currently

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
expects. Furthermore, goodwill may be recognised in connection with the takeover. Any potential goodwill is 
subject to regular impairment tests and may, if synergies turn out to be lower than expected, result in significant 
impairments that would have to be recognised as impairment expenses in the consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer. 
The materialisation of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, net 
assets, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
Risks Relating to the Shareholding Structure of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s share capital as at the date of this Offering Circular amounts to €15,370,256.09 and is divided 
into 1,537,025,609 shares having a nominal value of €0.01 each. Based on the information available to the 
Issuer, the current largest shareholders of the Issuer are TLG with approximately 11.97% of the share capital 
(subject as further described below) and Avisco Group with approximately 10.01% of the share capital. 
Depending on its attendance at the Issuer's general meetings, Avisco Group may be able to exercise significant 
influence in the Issuer’s general meeting. The Issuer's shareholder structure has further changed considerably 
as a result of the completion of the takeover of TLG. As a direct consequence, the Issuer's shareholder base 
has broadened and the voting rights of the shareholders (holding shares prior to such completion) of the Issuer 
have been diluted. Since TLG has become a subsidiary of the Issuer following the completion of the takeover, 
the shares in the Issuer held by TLG are now subject to the restrictions for treasury shares held by the Issuer 
with the result that TLG following the completion of such takeover is no longer able to exercise any voting 
rights from these shares. This has increased the proportionate amount of the voting rights of all other 
shareholders from the shares in the Issuer held by them.  
Each shareholder or group of shareholders who controls more than 50% of the voting rights represented at a 
general meeting is in a position to exert a significant influence on the resolutions of the general meeting. The 
articles of association of the Issuer provide for a simple majority, i.e. more votes in favour than against, and 
the requirement of a two-thirds majority of for certain other resolutions, in particular for amendments to the 
articles of association. With a corresponding majority of the voting rights, such shareholders could also 
actively prevent certain resolutions of the general meeting which require a simple majority of the voting rights 
of the shareholders by voting against them. Depending on the attendance at the general meeting, these 
shareholders may also represent a majority of more than two thirds of the share capital. In this case, such 
shareholders could also initiate structural change measures. Such conduct could lead to resolutions at the 
Issuer's general meetings which are not in line with the interests of the Issuer or the interests of the other 
shareholders of the Issuer. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The Group's business is subject to the general legal environment in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and 
the other Portfolio Regions, any of which may change to the Group's detriment. 
The Group's business is subject to the general legal framework applicable to real estate in Germany, the 
Netherlands, the UK and the other Portfolio Regions. This framework includes a variety of laws and 
regulations, including civil, corporate, tax, planning, zoning, environmental, health and safety and other laws, 
regulations and/or requirements, as well as specific laws in the Portfolio Regions, such as German and Dutch 
tenancy law, and special provisions under other laws, including construction laws, historic preservation laws, 
social legislation, real estate taxation and other public laws. The Group may be required to pay penalties and/or 
lose required permits or licenses for non-compliance with any such laws, regulations and/or other requirements 
of local, regional and national authorities to which it is subject, as well as the authorities of the EU. Any 
changes to German, Dutch, British, European or other laws applicable to the Portfolio Regions, including 
changes with retrospective effect, or changes in the interpretation or application of existing laws may have a 
material adverse effect on the net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and 
prospects of the Group.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer is established in Luxembourg and the Group conducts its business through companies 
that are located in a number of jurisdictions, including without limitation Cyprus, Germany, the UK, 
Luxembourg and the Netherlands. Certain members of the Group may be formed, incorporated or registered 
in jurisdictions where the Group does not, or does not yet, hold property. Any change in the legal, tax or 
regulatory environments in any of these jurisdictions, including changes with retrospective effect, or changes 
in the interpretation or application of existing laws could have a material adverse effect on the net assets, cash 
flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
Although the Group takes steps to keep itself informed of potential changes to the legal, tax and regulatory 
environments in which operates and where its members are formed, incorporated or registered, there is no 
guarantee that the Group will become aware of such changes in a timely fashion. Any such changes or any 
misjudgement, miscalculation, failure or inability of the Group to react to such changes may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and 
prospects of the Group. 
The Group is subject to tenant protection laws in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and the other Portfolio 
Regions. These laws may limit among other things the ability to evict tenants, the levels of rent increases 
and the ability to pass on modernisation costs. Moreover, further regulatory developments are likely. 
The Group is subject to tenant protection laws in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and the other Portfolio 
Regions. These laws may limit, in some cases substantially, the Group's ability to engage in certain actions 
with respect to the properties that it owns, including without limitation with respect to the eviction of tenants, 
levels of rent increases and the ability to pass on modernisation costs. These laws may change in the future, 
and any such changes may in turn adversely affect the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, 
results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
In Germany and the Netherlands, the landlord-tenant relationship is subject to a significant level of statutory 
regulation which generally provides for far-reaching economic and social protections for tenants under 
residential leases. For example, landlords may only terminate residential lease agreements if there is a 
legitimate interest in doing so. 
In Germany, the landlord-tenant relationship is subject to a significant level of statutory regulation which 
generally provides far-reaching economic and social protections for tenants under residential leases. These 
laws may limit, in some cases substantially, the Group’s ability to engage in certain actions with respect to its 
properties, including without limitation with respect to the eviction of tenants, levels of rent increases and the 
ability to pass on modernisation costs. These laws may change in the future, and any such changes may in turn 
adversely affect the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and 
prospects of the Group.  
According to German law, for example, the landlord may only terminate a lease agreement if there is a 
legitimate interest in doing so. Beyond that, a landlord may not increase residential rents of existing leases by 
more than an aggregate of 20% compared to locally prevailing comparative rent levels over a three-year period 
(capping limit). The German Tenancy Law Amendment Act 2013 (Mietrechtsänderungsgesetz) provided, inter 
alia, the authorisation of German federal state governments to decrease the aforementioned capping limit to 
15% over a three-year period for specific municipalities. The German federal state governments of Bavaria, 
Berlin, Brandenburg, Bremen, Hamburg, Hessen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Schleswig-Holstein, Baden-
Württemberg, Sachsen and Rhineland-Palatinate have made use of this option and decreased the capping limit 
(e.g. for the municipalities of Berlin, Frankfurt and Munich). 
The Tenancy Law Amendment Act (Mietrechtsänderungsgesetz) – motivated partly because of necessities 
resulting from the Energy Concept which shall facilitate, inter alia, a reduction of the German primary energy 
need (Primärenergiebedarf) in 2050 by 80% (compared to 1990) – was adopted on 11 March 2013 and came 
into effect in May 2013 and was adapted with the Tenancy Law Adaptation Act (Mietrechtsanpassungsgesetz) 
which was adopted on 21 December 2018 and came into effect on 1 January 2019. Main amendments resulting

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
therefrom are that (i) tenants shall have to endure and be excluded from rent reduction for three months because 
of 
maintenance 
measures 
(Erhaltungsmaßnahmen) 
and 
modernisation 
measures 
(Modernisierungsmaßnahmen), in particular energetic modernisation measures, unless such measures would 
constitute an unreasonable hardship; (ii) following the announcement of modernisation measures, tenants are 
entitled to a special termination right (außerordentliche Kündigung); (iii) except for certain types of measures 
that are not directly linked to the leased premises and unless this would constitute an unreasonable hardship 
for the tenant, landlords shall be entitled to allocate cost for such modernisation measures to tenants of 
residential units by way of an increase of the annual rent in the amount of 8% of the cost accrued (less the cost 
accrued for maintenance measures anyway and subject to an overall cap of €3 per square metre within 6 years 
(€2 per square metre if the initial rent per square metre is below €7 per square metre)); (iv) German federal 
state governments are authorised to limit rent increases up to locally prevailing comparative rent level to 15% 
in three years (capping limit) for specific municipalities; (v) as an alternative to the classic eviction procedure, 
the so-called "Berliner Räumung", offering the landlord the cost effective opportunity to limit the eviction 
procedure to the procurance of possession, shall be implemented; (vi) eviction procedures shall furthermore 
no longer be tediously delayed because of a right of possession of a third person that is not covered by the 
executory title (Vollstreckungstitel) and a further title against such third person shall be obtainable by way of 
an injunction (einstweiliger Rechtsschutz); and (vii) the existing restriction of termination of lease agreements 
for a period of three years shall be extended in case during the course of a continuing lease the leased premises 
have been transformed into condominium and have subsequently been sold to a partnership or to more than 
one purchaser. Furthermore, the Tenancy Law Amendment Act (Mietrechtsänderungsgesetz) includes 
provisions according to which the costs resulting from heat-contracting (Wärmelieferung) can be charged to 
tenants as part of the service charges under certain conditions. These provisions have become effective as of 
1 July 2013. 
Further statutory limitation on the rent for new lease agreements (so-called Mietpreisbremse) have been 
introduced by another German Tenancy Law Amendment Act (Mietrechtsnovellierungsgesetz) adopted on 21 
April 2015 and adapted with the Tenancy Law Adaptation Act (Mietrechtsanpassungsgesetz). From 1 April 
2020, the Act on the extension and improvement of the regulations on the permissible rent at the beginning of 
the Lease (Gesetz zur Verlängerung und Verbesserung der Regelungen über die zulässige Miethöhe bei 
Mietbeginn) became effective that has further toughened regulations. According to the German Tenancy Law 
Amendment Act (Mietrechtsnovellierungsgesetz), which came into effect in June 2015, the limit shall apply 
to any newly agreed rent at a maximum of 10% above the relevant locally prevailing comparative rent level 
(ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete), unless the rent level agreed with the previous tenant was higher. If the rent level 
agreed with the previous tenant was higher, the landlord is obliged to inform the tenant of the previous rent 
level without request. In the event of a breach of the limit to any newly agreed rent, the tenant may reclaim the 
excess rent retroactively from the time the tenant gave notice of violation of the rent limit. In relation to lease 
contracts entered into from April 2020, tenants are furthermore entitled to reclaim the entire excess rent paid 
from the start of the lease if they give notice of violation of the rent limit in the first two and a half years after 
the start of the lease and the lease was not already terminated when the notice was received. The statutory 
limitation on the rent for new lease agreements shall, however, neither apply to commercial lease agreements 
nor to the first lease agreements relating to new or fully modernised buildings. The German Tenancy Law 
Amendment Act (Mietrechtsnovellierungsgesetz) authorises the German federal state governments to 
implement such limitation (and thus a limitation would be at the discretion of each federal state) for specific 
regions which are subject to restrictions in the affordable housing sector and will be designated by them in 
ordinances. The ordinances were to be enacted until the end of 2020. The German Federal Government 
(Bundesregierung) however extended the period until 31 December 2025. Previously, it was unclear whether 
the German federal state governments are authorised to re-issue area designation ordinances 
(Gebietsverordnungen) after the maximum period of five years has elapsed. The amendment now expressly 
provides that the German federal state governments may make multiple use of its authorisation to issue such 
an ordinance. However, the last territorial ordinance must expire on 31 December 2025. All federal states

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(Bundesländer) except for Sachsen, Sachsen-Anhalt and Saarland have already implemented or have 
announced the implementation of respective ordinances. 
In Germany, affordable housing and residential real estate continue to be political topics receiving a high level 
of attention. In particular, Berlin has passed a state law on 30 January 2020 introducing a rent cap which has 
retroactively from 18 June 2019 frozen the rent level (Mietendeckel) for five years. While the German Federal 
Constitutional Court (Bundesverfassungsgericht) most recently declared the rent cap null and void, this topic 
of affordable rents continues to be in the political discussion and possible future regulatory implementations 
could further affect the ability of the Group to freely agree on rental fees in new lease agreements to the extent 
described. Tightened rent restrictions might impair the ability of the Group to increase rents. 
In addition to such generally applicable rent increase restrictions, the Group may be subject to additional 
restraints on rent increases arising from acquisition agreements, in particular, in agreements with government 
entities such as the states and municipalities through which the real estate portfolio will be purchased. Such 
restrictions mainly limit the Group’s ability to impose rent increases. Any changes to domestic or European 
laws or changes in the interpretation or application thereof may, therefore, have a negative effect on the Group. 
In particular, an expansion of tenant protection laws in connection with conversions of apartments into 
condominiums may have negative effects on the sale of condominiums to investors. Other changes to tenant 
protection laws and changes to regulations governing the tenant’s responsibility for ancillary costs or 
modernisation investments may have an adverse effect on the profitability of the Group’s investments and 
results of operations. For example, in Germany there is an ongoing debate whether higher prices for heating 
with fossil fuels resulting from the new carbon dioxide tax introduced in Germany with effect as of 1 January 
2021, which and under the current law can be fully allocated to tenants as part of the ancillary costs, should 
be, at least partially, borne by landlords and whether the law should be changed in this respect. 
In the Netherlands, rent control laws impose restrictions on landlords regarding rent increases if rental 
properties are subject to affordable housing rules. Additionally, in the Netherlands, landlords of affordable 
housing are subject to an additional landlord charge (verhuurdersheffing). The landlord charge is an additional 
property tax charged to the landlord over the value of the property. The landlord charge is subject to variation 
and may be increased from time to time, which may have an impact on the cash flow and net profits of these 
investments. 
Currently, a number of Dutch court decisions have been published regarding the obligation to pay rent during 
the COVID-19 pandemic with various results depending on the specific circumstances of each case. Due to 
the governmental measurements implemented by the Dutch government as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, a temporary rent discount or suspension for tenants to mitigate the spread of the COVID-19 may 
be awarded by Dutch courts. To what extent a temporary discount or suspension will be awarded is uncertain 
as at the date of this Offering Circular and will depend on the specific circumstances of each tenant. 
The growth of the Group Portfolio, including rent levels, vacancy rates and WALTs, may be limited by such 
regulations. Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash 
flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
Legislative changes due to the COVID-19 pandemic have limited the Group’s ability to terminate lease 
agreements with defaulting tenants. 
The German Parliament (Bundestag) has enacted legislative amendments with effect from 1 April 2020 to 
meet the expected payment difficulties of tenants as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic (Gesetz zur 
Abmilderung der Folgen der COVID-19-Pandemie im Zivil-, Insolvenz- und Strafverfahrensrecht vom 27. 
März 2020). As part of these measures lease agreements can, until 30 June 2022, no longer be terminated by 
the landlord solely based on a default in rental payments during the period from 1 April 2020 to 30 June 2020, 
if the failure to pay is caused by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
Although the legislation provides for moratoriums as well as the obligation to pay interest on delays and not 
for a reduction or remission of rent payments, it cannot be excluded that the suspended payments may not be 
finally collected. 
On 17 December 2020, the German Parliament passed additional legislation strengthening the position of 
tenants, which amended the previous law of 27 March 2020 on mitigating the consequences of the COVID-19 
pandemic in civil, insolvency and criminal procedure law. The amendment to the law came into effect on 31 
December 2020. Pursuant to section 313 of the German Civil Code, tenants may modify the contract in case 
unforeseen circumstances occur after the conclusion of the contract. Therefore, the new provision assumes 
governmental measures adopted to mitigate the COVID-19 pandemic to constitute an "interference with the 
basis of the transaction" as defined in section 313 of the German Civil Code. In case of lease agreements, this 
can lead to an adjustment of the rent payable during the time the state-imposed restrictions are still in place. 
However, this applies only to the extent that the leased property cannot be used for the tenant's business or the 
use is considerably limited. Further, the law set forth a so-called "priority and acceleration requirement", 
stipulating that proceedings on rent adjustments in commercial tenancy law shall be dealt with by courts on an 
expedited basis. An oral hearing is to take place at the competent court one month after the service of the 
statement of claim. 
It cannot be excluded, that the German legislator will adopt additional measures which could further limit 
landlord’s rights vis-à-vis their tenants. This could impair the Group’s ability to terminate existing lease 
contracts and to re-let properties to new tenants or to collect rent when due under the lease agreement. Any of 
the risks related to the legislation to mitigate the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic for tenants may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of 
operations. 
The growth of the Group Portfolio may be limited by changes to German, Dutch, British and other laws, 
including laws pertaining to environmental modernisation, restrictions on modernisation alternatives and 
other regulations.   
Based on EU Environmental Directives that have been implemented in the laws of Germany, the Netherlands 
and certain other Portfolio Regions, the landlord or the seller of a property will be required to present an energy 
certificate (Energieausweis in German and energielabel in Dutch) before concluding a new lease or sale and 
purchase agreement, respectively. Where a property is offered (for sale or lease) via commercial media, the 
energy performance rating of such property is also to be indicated in accordance with the available energy 
certificate. Penalties may apply when such energy certificate cannot be presented. New legislation has been 
implemented in the Netherlands that imposes rules for owners of commercial real estate to have an energy 
certificate C (energielabel C) or better as of 2023. Additional measures may be required to improve the energy 
efficiency of commercial properties after 2023. Such laws or regulations may have a negative impact on the 
Group’s ability to sell or let such properties or to use them as security for financing purposes. 
More restrictive environmental laws could also result in additional expenses for the Group. For example, the 
provisions on the handling of asbestos or other hazardous construction materials could become more restrictive 
and the Group could be required to take action. Since 1 January 2009, for sales or new letting of residential 
units, potential buyers and tenants must be given an energy certificate upon request that discloses the property’s 
energy efficiency. In undertaking modernisation measures, additions or extensions, an energy certificate must 
be prepared if an engineering assessment of the entire building’s energy consumption is performed in the 
course of the modernisation that allows the certificate to be prepared at a reasonable cost. The energy certificate 
is generally valid for ten years. For buildings completed no later than 1965, the owner must already have had 
an 
energy 
certificate 
available 
starting 
1 
July 
2008. 
The 
Energy 
Savings 
Ordinance 
(Energieeinsparverordnung) of 24 July 2007, as amended on 29 April 2009, also requires structural alterations 
for energy conservation. Failure to comply with these rules can be penalised as an administrative offence. A 
further amendment of the Energy Savings Ordinance was published on 21 November 2013 and took effect 
from 1 May 2014. The amendment requires, inter alia, additional structural alterations for energy conservation, 
which had to be implemented by 2015 in relation to heating facilities that are older than 30 years and by 1

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
January 2016 in relation to buildings. Furthermore, the energy certificate must be handed over to the potential 
buyer or tenant prior to an entry into a new purchase or lease agreement and if a seller or landlord advertises 
the property via commercial media, the energy performance indicator of the respective property’s as reflected 
in the existing energy certificate must be stated in the advertisement. The withholding of such kind of energy 
information may be penalised as an administrative offence. 
On 1 November 2020, the German Building Energy Act (Gebäudeenergiegesetz, GEG) came into force, which 
merges the Energy Saving Ordinance (Energieeinsparverordnung), the Energy Act (Energiegesetz) and the 
Renewable Energy Heat Act (Erneuerbare-Energien-Wärmegesetz). Its overall purpose is to reduce the energy 
consumption (Verbrauch) of buildings and ensure new buildings are constructed in compliance with specific 
energy efficiency requirements. Existing buildings (Bestandsgebäude) are subject to energy efficiency 
requirements in the event of certain substantial renovations and subject to exchange and retrofitting 
requirements. For example, gas or oil-heating boilers installed in 1991 or later may only operate for 30 years. 
Heating-boilers built-in or installed before 1 January 1991 may no longer be operated subject to certain 
exceptions. The GEG provides that the German Federal Government (Bundesregierung) may subsidise the use 
of renewable energy for heating and cooling and the use of especially energy efficient new buildings and the 
improvement of the energy efficiency of existing buildings. 
 
In order to fulfill the national 2030 climate targets, the German Federal Government announced on 20 
September 2019 a plan to introduce emission certificates to the building sector as of 2021. The Federal 
Government’s climate package was passed by the German Federal Parliament (Bundestag) on 19 December 
2019. From 1 January 2021, the new CO2 (carbon dioxide) price also applies to buildings and makes heating 
with oil and gas more expensive. The certificates will not be sold to the property owners but to the oil and gas 
companies. The price for emission certificates will start at €25 per ton of carbon dioxide which will increase 
the price of a liter of heating oil by approximately 7 cents and a kilowatt hour of natural gas by 0.5 cents and 
will gradually increase over the next few years. So far, the costs incurred are passed on to end 
consumers/tenants. There is an ongoing discussion in the German government about whether the additional 
costs should ultimately be borne by tenants or landlords. The outcome is unclear and any additional financial 
impact that results from mandatory emission certificates trading cannot be estimated. 
 
On 24 October 2015, the German Asylum Procedure Efficiency Act (Asylverfahrensbeschleunigungsgesetz) 
came into effect, dealing with emergency housing for refugees. Regulations comprise, inter alia, the possibility 
to build or use existing buildings for refugee housing in residential areas, which might have a material adverse 
effect on the achievable net rent in the areas affected. Furthermore, local authorities might legally seize 
residential buildings and compensate the owner accordingly, if buildings are needed to accommodate refugees. 
 
The German Federal Government intends to restrict the conversion of buildings into condominiums in areas 
with 
a 
tight 
housing 
market. 
On 
23 
June 
2021, 
the 
Building 
Land 
Mobilization 
Act 
(Baulandmobilisierungsgesetz) became effective. Permission from the relevant local authorities will be 
required for the conversion of a building into condominiums in areas with a tight housing market. The 
individual federal state governments have the authority to designate areas requiring such permission for a 
conversion. The federal state of Berlin already passed a similar regulation, which came into force on 6 August 
2021 designating the whole city of Berlin as an area that requires permission for conversion. The federal state 
of Hamburg already announced its intention to pass such a regulation in the near future. The regulations 
currently apply until the end of 2025. The Building Land Mobilization Act also provides for a building 
obligation, which allows municipalities to require property owners to build residential units on vacant 
properties within a certain period of time if there is an urgent need for housing or in areas with a tight housing 
market. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
The Group's tenants in Germany could attempt to prematurely terminate their lease agreements based upon 
strict formal requirements under German law for long-term leases which could lead to a reduction or loss 
of rental income. 
Certain of the real estate properties in the Group Portfolio, and in particular in the Commercial Portfolio, are 
subject to long-term lease agreements. Pursuant to German law, long-term lease agreements can be terminated 
prior to their contractually agreed expiration date if certain formal requirements are not complied with. These 
include the requirement that there is a document that contains all the material terms of the lease agreement, 
including all attachments and amendments, and is signed by both parties. Most German courts and legal 
commentators agree that such requirements are, in principle, to be interpreted strictly. Some lease agreements 
in relation to the properties in the Group Portfolio may not satisfy these requirements. Consequently, some of 
the Group's tenants might attempt to invoke alleged noncompliance with these formal requirements (or other 
requirements to be met by a landlord) in order to procure an early termination of their lease or force a 
favourable renegotiation of the terms of their lease, to the detriment of the Group. 
On 27 September 2019, the Federal Council (Bundesrat) passed a draft bill to change the written form 
requirement (Entwurf eines Gesetzes zur Neuregelung des Schriftformerfordernisses im Mietrecht) according 
to which only the landlord would be able to terminate the lease based on a breach of the written form 
requirement. The Federal Government (Bundesregierung) however stated on 5 February 2020 that it does not 
support such draft. The Bundesrat's draft bill was introduced to the German Parliament (Bundestag) together 
with the Federal Government's statement for further discussion, which is still ongoing. In view of the Federal 
Government's statement and the restrictions on parliamentary workflows caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
it is uncertain if and/or when a respective bill will be passed. 
Premature loss of tenants and the ensuing loss of rental income, a failure to renew lease agreements, at all or 
at favourable conditions, and uncertainties regarding the validity of long-term lease agreements have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, net assets, financial conditions, cash flows or results of operations. 
The Group is subject to recent efforts in Germany, in particular in Berlin, to expropriate privately held 
residential real estate units, such as those held by GCP.  
On 26 September 2021, a referendum in Berlin was held that ultimately aims at legislation to expropriate 
certain residential real estate units owned by large real estate companies that own more than 3,000 residential 
real estate units in Berlin. The referendum was successful as 56.3% of Berlin’s eligible votes were cast in 
favour of the referendum. With ownership of more than 3,000 residential real estate units, GCP would fall 
within the scope of the referendum. The compensation owners subject to the expropriation should receive shall 
be set far below market value. The vote has no binding effect and will in addition require Berlin’s parliament 
to implement the relevant legislation, which, if enacted, would probably be challenged in extensive and lengthy 
court proceedings. It is now expected that the government of Berlin will start the legislative process of drafting 
a bill to implement the referendum, although it remains unclear if and to which extent the expropriation itself 
and the compensation to be paid will be proposed in such draft bill in the same way as was set forth in the 
referendum. In particular, many legal experts have pointed that a compensation below market value would be 
unconstitutional. However, given the potential legislation’s application to Berlin, GCP, with approximately 
25% of its portfolio by value located in Berlin and a corresponding value of approximately €1.9 billion as of 
30 June 2021, would be materially adversely affected by such potential legislation. Any compensation below 
market value would materially increase GCP’s leverage position and expropriations generally would 
jeopardise the continuation of GCP’s business model in the Berlin residential market. This would likely 
negatively impact the Group’s business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to the risks of ground leases in Germany and the Netherlands. 
Certain of the properties in the Group Portfolio are located in Germany and the Netherlands on ground leases. 
In general, financing and sales in connection with properties located on ground leases are more difficult due 
to the restrictions typically found in ground leases, and the conditions of the ground lease agreements, such as

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
their terms and payment obligations, are key parameters that impact the value of these properties. The ground 
lease agreements may contain provisions leading to the exceptional result of the loss of the ground leased 
property if the Group is in material breach of the ground lease agreement. Furthermore, the Group may face 
changes in the terms and conditions of the ground lease agreement, for example with respect to payment 
obligations to the owner of the land. Unfavourable changes to the ground lease agreements or relevant 
regulations may limit the Group's ability to sell or refinance the properties, which are subject to ground leases, 
and may thereby decrease its value, or require the Group to write down the assets value as recorded on the 
Group's consolidated balance sheet. 
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash 
flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The Group's use of standardised documents, clauses and agreements could lead to additional legal risks. 
The Group maintains legal relationships with a large number of persons, primarily tenants and also employees 
of the Group. In this context, the Group frequently uses standardised documents, clauses and agreements. If 
such documents, clauses or agreements are found to be invalid, in whole or in part, statutory provisions or 
judicial interpretations which are unfavourable to the Group may be substituted for such documents, clauses 
or agreements, which may in turn affect a large number of the documents, clauses and agreements used by the 
Group. It is impossible to fully protect the Group against risks from the use of such standardised documents, 
clauses and agreements due to the frequent changes to the legal frameworks in the Portfolio Regions, 
particularly court decisions relating to general terms and conditions of business. 
In Germany, for example, the German Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof) has ruled that standard 
clauses in letting contracts are invalid if they oblige the parties to re-establish the written form of a lease 
agreement (Schriftformheilungsklausel) or if they obligate the tenant to carry out cosmetic repairs 
(Schönheitsreparaturen) within a fixed schedule or to fully renovate the apartment at the end of the letting 
term (Endrenovierung) or if they provide for compensation regarding ratios (Quotenabgeltung). The invalidity 
of such clauses results in the landlord being responsible for the repair and maintenance and being required to 
bear all related costs. If the tenant carries out such repair and maintenance works without actually being obliged 
to do so, the landlord might be required to compensate the tenant for the corresponding costs. Even in the case 
of agreements prepared on the basis of legal advice, it is impossible for the Group to avoid problems of this 
nature in advance or in the future, because changes could occur in the legal framework, particularly case law, 
making it impossible for the Group to avoid the ensuing legal disadvantages. Although these rulings were 
originally applied only to residential real estate, additional court rulings have extended them to commercial 
real estate. 
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, cash flows, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The risk management and compliance systems of the Group may prove to be partially or completely 
insufficient or fail, and unknown, unrecognised, underestimated or unexpected risks may materialise, any 
of which could lead to government investigations and significant reputation, financial or other 
consequences. The Group may fail to adequately account for potential liabilities or risk exposures. 
The Group has put in place risk management and compliance systems that it believes are suitable to its 
business, and the Group continues to develop and update its risk management and compliance systems in order 
to monitor market risk, liquidity and financial risk, operational risk, organisational risk and the risk of 
reputational damage. There is no guarantee, however, that the Group's risk management or compliance systems 
are in fact sufficient to manage the risks faced by the Group. The Group may be faced with risks that were 
previously unknown, unrecognised, underestimated or unconsidered, and its risk management or compliance 
systems may function incorrectly or fail. Inappropriate risk management or compliance measures may cause 
irregularities leading to, among other things, cash losses or delays in development of the Group, or to official

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
investigations or third-party claims against the Group, which in turn could have significant financial, 
reputational and other consequences. 
The Group books provisions for potential liabilities such as tax liabilities, litigation exposure and bad debt. 
These provisions are based on management's assumptions, estimates and judgments, and there is no guarantee 
that the provisions taken by the Group adequately account for the Group's potential or actual liabilities or risk 
exposures. Failure to take adequate provisions against potential liabilities could have significant financial, 
reputational and other consequences for the Issuer or the Group. 
The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits, reputation and prospects. 
The Group could incur liability in connection with properties, interests in companies or other assets that it 
sells. 
When the Group sells properties, interests in companies that hold real estate or other assets, it is typically 
required to make representations, warranties, covenants and negative declarations of knowledge to purchasers 
with respect to certain characteristics of such properties, interests or assets. The resulting obligations of the 
Group may continue to exist for a number of years after the Group sells such properties, interests or assets. 
Among other things, the Group could be subject to claims for damages from purchasers who assert that the 
representations or warranties that the Group made to them were untrue, or that the Group failed to meet its 
obligations under the relevant sale agreement. The Group could become involved in lengthy and expensive 
legal disputes with purchasers and could be required to make significant payments for restitution, damages or 
to settle disputes. 
As a seller of properties, interests in companies or other assets, the Group is also subject to other restrictions 
in Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and the other Portfolio Regions. Failure to comply with these 
requirements may expose the Group to legal, administrative or regulatory proceedings, sanctions or penalties. 
Legal or settlement costs, including the costs of defending lawsuits, whether justified or not, as well as potential 
damages associated with liability for properties, interests in companies or other assets that the Group has sold 
may have an adverse effect on the cash flows, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, cash flows, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
Entities of the Group may be subject to litigation, administrative proceedings and similar claims. 
Entities of the Group have been and will likely continue to be subject to various administrative and legal 
proceedings in the ordinary course of business. Such proceedings often relate to matters such as outstanding 
rent payments and the termination of lease agreements, but may from time to time involve larger scale litigation 
or disputes. These proceedings, even for routine matters, can be lengthy and expensive and involve substantial 
resources at the Group. In addition, larger or unexpected proceedings may distract or delay management from 
implementing the Group's business strategy. 
The Group may also be subject to litigation in connection with agreements entered into by the Issuer or 
members of the Group relating to the purchase and/or sale of property, interests in companies or other assets, 
or other activities of the Group. It is impossible for the Group to predict if and when significant litigation or 
administrative or legal proceedings may occur. 
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, cash flows, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
The Group could be exposed to restitution claims in Germany. 
According to the German Act on Unsettled Property Issues (Gesetz zur Regelung offener Vermögensfragen), 
persons who were expropriated of property within the former German Democratic Republic (GDR) can claim 
restitution or compensation under certain conditions. The German Act on Unsettled Property Issues is also 
applicable to persons who lost property due to racist, political, religious or ideological reasons between 1933 
and 1945. Although the German Act of Unsettled Property Issues expired at the end of 1992, the 
aforementioned restitution and compensation claims cannot be entirely excluded due to applicable exemptions. 
If any such claims were asserted in respect of an entity of the Group regarding properties owned by the Group, 
the Group would be severely limited in its ability to manage such properties and may even be forced to transfer 
such properties to successful claimants without adequate compensation. Any such limitations or compulsory 
transfers of properties could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Tax Risks 
The Group is subject to the tax environment in Luxembourg, Cyprus, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK 
and the other Portfolio Regions. The Group's tax burden may increase as a consequence of current or 
future tax assessments, tax audits or court proceedings based on changes in tax laws or changes in the 
application or interpretation thereof. 
The Group is subject to the tax environment in Luxembourg, Cyprus, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and 
the other Portfolio Regions. The Group's tax burden depends on various aspects of tax laws, as well as their 
application and interpretation. Amendments to tax laws may have a retroactive effect, and the application or 
interpretation of tax laws by tax authorities or courts may change. Furthermore, court decisions are 
occasionally limited to their specific facts by tax authorities. Any of these developments may increase or alter 
the Group's tax burden.  
A number of factors may also impact the Group's tax situation. The Group is required to file tax declarations 
in Luxembourg, Cyprus, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and the other Portfolio Regions, and any tax 
assessments that deviate from the Group's tax declarations may increase or alter the Group's tax obligations. 
The members of the Group are regularly subject to tax audits by the competent tax authorities which may result 
in increases in the Group's tax obligations or penalties and fines. The Group may also be subject to 
administrative or judicial proceedings with respect to its tax declarations, and may incur substantial time and 
effort in addressing and resolving tax issues. 
In addition, changes in tax legislation, administrative practice or case law, which are possible at any time and 
may occur on short notice, could have adverse tax consequences for the Group. The applicable tax rates, for 
example with respect to property tax, property transfer tax or capital gains tax, may also change rapidly and 
with short notice. Recent changes in real estate transfer taxes (RETT) may also negatively affect the value of 
the Group Portfolio. Additionally, changes could be made to the ability to depreciate owned real estate. Any 
of these changes may have an adverse effect on the attractiveness of commercial and residential real estate. 
Despite a general principle prohibiting retroactive application, amendments to applicable laws, orders and 
regulations can have retroactive effect. Additionally, divergent statutory interpretations by the tax authorities 
or the courts are possible. Any changes to the Luxembourg, Cyprus, German, Dutch or British tax regimes, or 
to the tax regimes in the other Portfolio Regions, may have a material adverse effect on the business, cash 
flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group. 
The structure of the Group is influenced by the general tax environment in Cyprus, Germany, the 
Netherlands, Luxembourg and the other Portfolio Regions, and changes in the tax environment in these 
countries may increase the tax burden of the Group. 
In addition to the Issuer, which is established in Luxembourg, the Group consists of approximately 1,400 
companies. These companies have registered offices primarily in Germany, Cyprus, the Netherlands and

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
Luxembourg. The companies in the Group are subject to the tax laws of their jurisdictions of registration and 
the jurisdictions where they conduct business. Most of the Group's German property companies are held 
through Cypriot subsidiaries which themselves are held by one of the Issuer's aforementioned subsidiaries or 
investees. GCP has its registered office in Luxembourg. 
Thus, the structure of the Group provides for various tax aspects, including cross-border taxation issues 
governed by double-tax treaties between Cyprus, Germany, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. It cannot be 
excluded that tax authorities in Cyprus, Germany, the Netherlands, or Luxembourg may not share the view of 
the tax assessment of the Group which could lead to additional tax burdens for the Group in any of these 
countries. Also, the tax laws in any of these jurisdictions or double-tax treaties between these countries might 
change in the future, even with retroactive effect, which could cause additional tax burdens for the Group.  
For Dutch corporate income tax purposes, real estate may be depreciated only for as long as the tax book value 
does not fall below the 'threshold value'. This threshold value of properties that are held as portfolio investment 
equals the value provided in the Law on Valuation of Real Estate (Wet Waardering Onroerende Zaken or 
WOZ), known as the WOZ value. Although the WOZ value is meant to approximate the fair market value of 
the real estate property, in practice there may be a significant difference between the WOZ value and the actual 
fair market value. The WOZ value is determined annually by the municipality where the property is situated. 
If the threshold value increases, tax depreciation that had been previously claimed, is not recaptured. 
Upon the disposal of real estate and under strict conditions, a company may apply for a reinvestment reserve 
provided that the taxpayer has a clear intention of replacing the disposed business assets with business assets 
that perform a similar function within the enterprise. Under the reinvestment reserve provisions, the tax book 
profit arising from the disposal of real estate may technically be carried forward and offset against the 
acquisition cost of a reinvestment asset. The reinvestment reserve only applies for qualifying business assets 
used in an enterprise (i.e., no shares, portfolio assets or inventory). 
The occurrence of any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits, reputation and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to real estate transfer taxes and value added taxes. 
Increases in the applicable RETT rates for the properties in the Group Portfolio could negatively impact the 
Group Portfolio by, among other things, reducing the value of and the proceeds from a sale of the affected 
properties or by reducing purchase demand for the affected properties or by reducing the valuation of the 
affected properties in the Group Portfolio.  
The Group currently holds real estate in Germany and shares in companies which own real estate in Germany. 
In Germany, until 30 June 2021, the direct or indirect transfer of real estate or of a 95% or greater 
interest/shareholding in a company that owned real estate triggered a potential liability for RETT. In those 
cases, the RETT generally amounts to the sum of the values for RETT purposes according to the German 
Valuation Act (Bewertungsgesetz) multiplied by the tax rate, as applicable. For the tax bases being relevant 
for share unifications or other transactions pursuant to section 1 paras. 2a to 3a GrEStG (as defined below), 
the RETT law refers to the relevant values for inheritance tax purposes. At the national level in Germany, the 
legal framework of RETT is provided for in the German Real Estate Transfer Tax Act 
(Grunderwerbsteuergesetz; GrEStG), at the level of the Federal States, however, the RETT rate varies by 
Federal State, currently within a range of 3.5% to 6.5%.  
On 21 April 2021, the German parliament (Bundestag) passed the German government's draft bill to change 
the existing RETT rules. The German federal council (Bundesrat) approved the bill on 7 May 2021 and the 
revised GrEStG became effective as of 1 July 2021. The key aspect of the amended GrEStG is the tightening 
up of so-called ‘share deals’. These are real estate transactions in which shares in a real estate holding company 
are sold rather than the real estate itself.  As of 1 July 2021, the threshold for triggering RETT was lowered 
from 95% to 90%, which means that, basically, the seller has to keep more than 10% of its stake and less than

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
90% of the shares can be transferred in order to avoid RETT. Additionally, the seller’s holding period has been 
extended from five to ten years, meaning that the remaining shares may only be fully acquired after the 
extended period of ten years. Furthermore, the applicable rules relating to corporations have been aligned with 
rules that previously only applied to partnerships. The revised RETT rules apply to all transactions occurring 
after 30 June 2021. 
The amendments to the RETT provisions are likely to have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. Because of the complexity of the RETT laws in Germany, the Group had 
from time to time sought to acquire properties with less than a 95% stake in the ownership company in the 
past, which resulted in an increased complexity of the transaction and stronger minority rights of the associate 
parties.  
Following the legislative changes, the acquisition processes for share or interest deals will become even more 
complex as compared to the RETT laws applicable until 30 June 2021 and will further increase the required 
minority rights for the seller and the acquisition costs and future administrative burdens in respect of the newly 
acquired entity. It may not be possible to avoid RETT at all. 
In addition, the applicable RETT rate currently varies between 3.5% in Bavaria and Saxony and up to 6.5% in 
other federal states. Federal states may increase their respective RETT rates in the future. This would further 
increase acquisition costs for the purchase of properties and could also affect the fair value of properties. 
In relation to acquisition of existing real estate located in the Netherlands, RETT will be due. The RETT rate 
is 2% for residential real estate and 8% for non-residential real estate and is levied over the value of the 
acquired property. The 8% rate was increased by 2% (from 6%) and such increase has been effective from 1 
January 2021. Residential real estate is real estate that at the time of its transfer is intended for occupation by 
private individuals. The definition of residential real estate has been and is the subject of extensive debate and 
litigation. Where taxpayers have claimed the 2% rate, the tax authorities may increase to 8% plus interest and 
possibly penalties if the property cannot, or not wholly, be classified as residential. RETT exemption is created 
for “starters”, being persons in the age of 18 to 35 buying their first primary residence up to an amount of 
€400,000. The 2% rate remains applicable to all other individuals not qualifying for the RETT exemption 
buying a primary residence. 
Dutch RETT may also be due in case of the acquisition of shares in a company of which the majority of assets 
consist of real estate in the Netherlands in case certain criteria are met. The Dutch RETT and Value Added 
Tax (VAT) treatment of ground leases (erfpacht) follow specific regulations to calculate the tax base and to 
determine whether the establishment or acquisition of the ground lease qualifies as a supply of services or 
goods for VAT purposes. In order to prevent an adverse outcome, the establishment and acquisition of ground 
leases should be carefully considered. 
The transfer of real estate is generally exempt from VAT in the Netherlands, unless the transfer concerns newly 
developed real estate, such as construction sites and (part of) buildings including the surrounding terrain, prior 
to, on or within a period of two years after the moment of first use of the buildings concerned. Should a transfer 
of newly developed real estate indeed be subject to VAT, an exemption generally applies for RETT, but not 
always. Under certain circumstances, the renovation of real estate can be to such an extent that it can be deemed 
newly developed real estate. 
In the event of an asset transaction, such as an acquisition of real estate, where a so-called 'totality of goods' is 
acquired, the acquisition may be considered as a non-taxable transfer for Dutch VAT purposes. As VAT is 
assessed on the basis of the taxpayers’ own assessment the application of such exemption may not be 
recognised by the tax authorities. 
The occurrence of any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits, reputation and prospects.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur 
in relation to certain types of Exempt Senior Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes or it is perceived that there is an actual or increased likelihood that the Issuer may 
elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to covert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Notes under the Programme at a discount or premium to their principal 
amount. The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Senior Notes) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes 
Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” such as EURIBOR and NIBOR are the subject 
of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable or any 
other benchmark-related reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark".  
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, 
the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published Benchmark, including an interbank offered rate such as EURIBOR, NIBOR or other relevant 
reference rates ceases to exist or be published or another Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, as applicable, occurs. Such fallback arrangements will result in any Notes referencing a "benchmark" 
to perform differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant 
benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form. No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as the case may be) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate 
Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of Fixed Rate 
Resettable Subordinated Notes, the application of the Subsequent Reset Rate for a preceding Reset Period or 
the initial First Fixed Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, any 
determinations that may need to be made by the Issuer and the involvement of any Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any 
such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated 
Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for such 
Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR (SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-
Linked Notes, respectively), interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively (each as defined in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR differ from Sterling and U.S. dollar London 
Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), respectively, in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) 
that Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-
free or secured overnight rates, whereas Sterling and U.S. dollar LIBOR are expressed on the basis of a

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
forward-looking term and include a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should 
be aware that there may be a material difference in the behaviour of Sterling LIBOR and SONIA or U.S. dollar 
LIBOR and SOFR as interest reference rates for Floating Rate Notes. The use of SONIA and SOFR as a 
reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, both in terms of the 
substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of debt securities referencing SONIA and/or SOFR. 
Each of the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the FRBNY) publishes certain 
historical indicative secured overnight financing rates, although such historical indicative data inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Potential investors in SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-
Linked Notes should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in SONIA 
or SOFR, as the case may be, as an indicator of the future performance of SONIA or SOFR, respectively. For 
example, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates (see “—SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile 
than other benchmarks or market rates” below). Accordingly, SONIA and SOFR over the term of any SONIA-
Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or 
historical indicative data. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to each of SONIA and SOFR as 
a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR and U.S. dollar 
LIBOR, respectively. For example, in the context of backwards-looking SONIA and SOFR rates, market 
participants and relevant working groups are, as at the date of this Offering Circular, currently exploring 
forward-looking ‘term’ SONIA or SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average SONIA or SOFR rate over a designated term). The adoption of SONIA or SOFR 
may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from Sterling LIBOR or 
U.S. dollar LIBOR, respectively, or another reference rate to SONIA or SOFR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the relevant Terms and Conditions in the case of Floating Rate Notes for which 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of the interest determination provisions when compared with 
the provisions for such determination as set out in Conditions 5.2(b)(iii) or 5.2(b)(iv) (in the case of Senior 
Notes) and Conditions 4.2(b)(iii) or 4.2(b)(iv)  (in the case of Subordinated Notes), as the case may be. The 
nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR as an interest reference 
rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR-based rates for such 
market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA or SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes 
issued under the Programme from time to time.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA and SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR. 
Since SONIA and SOFR are relatively new market reference rates, Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may have no established trading market when 
issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, such as the spread over the 
reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt 
securities may be lower than those of later issued debt securities as a result. Further, if Compounded Daily

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR do not prove to be widely used in securities, the trading price of Floating 
Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, may be lower 
than those of debt securities referencing other reference rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may 
not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SONIA or SOFR 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in such Notes. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may 
result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, and the trading prices of such Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
Any failure of SONIA or SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Notes. 
According to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, convened by the Board of Governors of the FRBNY, 
SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative 
to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in 
the overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured 
by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to 
correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. Similar considerations apply in respect of 
SONIA. This may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR or SONIA a suitable replacement 
or successor for all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar or Sterling LIBOR historically has been used 
(including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which 
may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR or SONIA. Any failure of SOFR or SONIA to gain market 
acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value and market price of Floating Rate Notes which 
reference Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily SONIA and the price at which investors can sell 
such Notes in the secondary market. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near the end of 
the Interest Period for SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes. 
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily 
SOFR is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant SONIA Observation Period (as defined 
in Condition 5.2(b)(iii) of the Senior Notes and Condition 4.2(b)(iii) of the Subordinated Notes) or SOFR 
Observation Period (as defined in Condition 5.2(b)(iv) of the Senior Notes and Condition 4.2(b)(iv) of the 
Subordinated Notes) and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in any such Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on 
such Floating Rate Notes on each Interest Payment Date, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to 
trade such Floating Rate Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely 
impact the liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, if Floating Rate Senior Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 10, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, 
the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Floating Rate Notes shall only be determined by reference 
to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate Notes become due and 
payable.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile than other benchmarks or market rates. 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR. Although changes in Compounded 
SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on and value 
and market price of Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR may fluctuate more than 
floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates. In addition, the volatility of SOFR has reflected the 
underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. The FRBNY has at times conducted 
operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the federal funds rate within a 
target range. There can be no assurance that the FRBNY will continue to conduct such operations in the future, 
and the duration and extent of any such operations is inherently uncertain. Similar considerations may also 
apply in respect of SONIA. The effect of any such operations, or of the cessation of such operations to the 
extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be materially adverse to investors in SOFR-Linked Notes 
or SONIA-Linked Notes, as applicable. 
The interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes will be based on Compounded Daily 
SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, which are relatively new in the marketplace and may 
be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index, respectively, a relatively 
new market index. 
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR is based on Compounded SONIA or Compounded SOFR, respectively, which is 
calculated on a daily compounded basis (or, where Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, by reference to the relevant index) and not the SOFR rate published on or in respect 
of a particular date during such Interest Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during such Interest 
Period. Each of the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index measures the cumulative impact of 
compounding SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on a unit of investment over time. The value of the SONIA 
Compounded Index or the SOFR Index on a particular business day reflects the effect of compounding SONIA 
or SOFR, respectively, on such business day and allows the calculation of compounded SONIA or SOFR 
averages, as applicable, over custom time periods. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on Floating Rate 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR during any Interest Period will 
not be the same as the interest rate on other SONIA or SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis 
to determine the applicable interest rate. Further, if the SONIA or SOFR rate in respect of a particular date 
during an Interest Period is negative, its contribution to the relevant compounded rate will be less than one, 
resulting in a reduction to such compounded rate used to calculate the interest payable on any Floating Rate 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR on the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period. 
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SONIA or SOFR as the interest rate and the method 
for calculating an interest rate based upon SONIA or SOFR in those precedents varies. In addition, the Bank 
of England and the FRBNY only began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index, 
respectively, very recently. Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded Daily SONIA and 
Compounded Daily SOFR set out in the conditions of the Notes and the use of the SONIA Compounded Index 
or SOFR Index for the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, 
respectively, may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different 
calculation method, that would likely adversely affect the market value of any respective SONIA-Linked Notes 
or SOFR-Linked Notes. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
respectively. 
SONIA and SOFR are published by the Bank of England and the FRBNY as the respective administrators of 
SONIA and SOFR, based on data received from sources other than the Issuer. The Issuer has no control over

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
the determination, calculation or publication of SONIA or SOFR. The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may 
make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be, or discontinue SONIA or 
SOFR, respectively, and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Notes in doing so. Each of the Bank of England or the FRBNY (or, in each case, a successor), 
as administrator of SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could 
change the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related 
to the publication of SONIA and SOFR. In addition, the administrator of SONIA or SOFR may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on any SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, will apply, as 
further described in 5.2(b)(iii) or 5.2(b)(iv) (in the case of Senior Notes) and Conditions 4.2(b)(iii) or 4.2(b)(iv) 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes), as the case may be). 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
respectively. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on any SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, which may 
adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. If the rate at which interest accrues on any SONIA-Linked 
Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest will be 
payable on such Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. The administrator of each of 
SONIA and SOFR has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-
Linked Notes, respectively, in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR, 
as the case may be. In addition, the administrator of each of SONIA or SOFR may withdraw, modify or amend 
the published SONIA or SOFR rate or other SONIA or SOFR data, respectively, in its sole discretion and 
without notice. 
The SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued, which could adversely 
affect the value and market price of any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
The SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index are published by the Bank of England and the FRBNY, 
respectively, based on data received by them from sources other than the Issuer, and the Issuer has no control 
over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or the availability of the SONIA 
Compounded Index or SOFR Index at any time. There can be no guarantee, particularly given its relatively 
recent introduction, that the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any Floating Rate 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is 
applicable. If the manner in which the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index is calculated, including 
the manner in which SONIA or SOFR, respectively, is calculated, is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction in the amount of interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is applicable and the trading prices of such Notes. 
In addition, the Bank of England or the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or amend the published SONIA 
Compounded Index or SOFR Index, respectively, or other SONIA or SOFR data in its sole discretion and 
without notice. The interest rate for any Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or 
amendments to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index or other SONIA or SOFR data that the 
Bank of England or the FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been determined.  
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Senior Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Senior Notes, such as 
Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes.  In particular, an investor might receive less interest than 
expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested 
by it.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to 
changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other factors 
(each, a Relevant Factor).  In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one or 
more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  Potential 
investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(iv) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(v) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable 
likely will be magnified; and 
(vi) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, 
the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes.  Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked 
to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of 
the issue price could lose all of their investment. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment.  Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of their Notes could result in such 
investor losing all of their investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate 
such as EURIBOR.  The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms).  Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which 
further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the consent 
of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider and vote upon matters affecting their 
interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, 
and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed also provide that the Trustee may agree to (i) any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions 
of the Senior Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Senior Noteholders that any Event of Default 
or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal 
debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 16 of the Senior 
Notes. 
The conditions of the Subordinated Notes and the Trust Deed also provide that the Trustee may agree to (i) 
any modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes or of any other provisions of the 
Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement which is in each case, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii) any other modification to (except as mentioned 
in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of, any of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes or of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency 
Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which will not include, for the avoidance of doubt, any provision entitling the Subordinated 
Noteholders to institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer which is more extensive than those set 
out in Condition 12  of the Subordinated Notes), (iii) the substitution on a subordinated basis equivalent to that 
referred to in Condition 3.1 of the Subordinated Notes of certain other entities in place of the Issuer (or any 
previous substitute) as a new principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Subordinated Notes or (iv) 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for Qualifying Subordinated Notes (as defined in 
Condition 8, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes with the effect that they remain or become (as the 
case may be), Qualifying Subordinated Notes at any time following the occurrence of an Accounting Event, a 
Rating Event, a Tax Deduction Event or a Gross-up Event (subject to any such event being specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and subject to the receipt by the Trustee of the certiﬁcate of two 
members of the board of directors of the Issuer referred to in Condition 9 of the Subordinated Notes. Whilst 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are required to have terms which are not materially less favourable to 
Subordinated Noteholders (as a class) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, there can be no assurance that 
the Qualifying Subordinated Notes will not have a significant adverse impact on the price of, and/or market 
for, the Subordinated Notes or the circumstances of individual Subordinated Noteholders. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution as described above will be binding 
on all Noteholders without any requirement for the consent of any Noteholder and without regard to the 
interests of particular Noteholders. 
A Restructuring Plan implemented pursuant to Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 may modify or disapply 
certain terms of the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or may 
affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a Plan) with its 
creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the Corporate Insolvency and Governance 
Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of those financial difficulties. Should this 
happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into creditor classes and can vote on any such Plan 
(subject to being excluded from the vote by the English courts for having no genuine economic interest in the

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
Issuer and certain exclusions where the Plan is proposed within the 12 week period following the end of a 
moratorium). Providing that one class of creditors (who would receive a payment, or have a genuine economic 
interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, and in the view of the English courts any dissenting class(es) who 
did not approve the Plan are no worse off under the Plan than they would be in the event of the “relevant 
alternative” (such as, broadly, liquidation or administration), then the English court can sanction the Plan where 
it would be a proper exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding on all creditors and members, 
regardless of whether they approved it. Any such sanctioned Plan in relation to the Issuer may, therefore, 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment in the Notes, as it may 
have the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Notes (by, for example, writing down the 
principal amount of the Notes, modifying the interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or dates on which 
any payments are due or substituting the Issuer). 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the Subordinated Notes generally 
The Undated Subordinated Notes will be perpetual securities. 
The Undated Subordinated Notes will be perpetual securities in respect of which there is no fixed redemption 
date by which the Issuer would be under the obligation to redeem or repurchase the Undated Subordinated 
Notes at any time, and the Noteholders have no right to require redemption of the Undated Subordinated Notes. 
See Condition 7 of the Subordinated Notes. Therefore, prospective investors should be aware that they may 
be required to bear financial risks of an investment in the Undated Subordinated Notes for an indefinite period 
of time and may not recover their investment in the foreseeable future. 
The Subordinated Notes will be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer including upon the occurrence 
of certain events. 
The Subordinated Notes will be redeemable, at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, on (i) in the 
case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, the First Reset Date or on any Fixed Reset Call Date 
thereafter; or (ii) in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes, the Floating Rate Call Date or any Interest 
Payment Date thereafter at their principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest (as defined in Condition 5 of the 
Subordinated Notes).

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
In addition, upon the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event, an Accounting Event, a Rating Event, a Gross-up 
Event, a Repurchase Event or a Change of Control Event (subject to any such event being specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) (each as more fully described in Condition 7 of the Subordinated 
Notes), the Issuer shall have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes at the prices 
set out therein, in each case together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption 
date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. In the case of the first Change of Control Event, in the event that 
the Issuer does not elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the then prevailing Interest Rate of the 
Subordinated Notes, and each subsequent Interest Rate otherwise determined in accordance with Condition 4 
of the Subordinated Notes, shall be increased by the Step Up Margin with effect from (and including) the 
Change of Control Effective Date. 
In June 2018, the International Accounting Standards Board (the IASB) published the discussion paper 
DP/2018/1 on “Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity” (the DP/2018/1 Paper). Although the 
final form of any changes to the current IASB accounting standards remains to be determined, if the proposals 
set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper are implemented the classification of financial instruments such as the 
Subordinated Notes as equity instruments or financial liabilities may change. The IASB met on 18 June 2019 
to hear a summary of the feedback on the DP/2018/1 Paper but as of the date of this Offering Circular, no final 
decision on this has been made. In such an event, the Issuer may have the option to redeem, in whole but not 
in part, the Subordinated Notes under the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes (including, but not 
limited to, in accordance with Condition 7.4). The implementation of any of the proposals set out in the 
DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar such proposals that may be made in the future, including the extent and 
timing of any such implementation, if at all, is uncertain. During the 23 October 2019 meeting of the IASB, 
the potential scope and indicative timetable of the project plan regarding the DP/2018/1 Paper were discussed 
but no decisions were made. As part of its meetings on 27 and 28 April 2021, the IASB further discussed and 
supported recommendations for requirements to disclose information about key terms and conditions of 
different instruments (including disclosure of debt-like features in financial instruments that are classified as 
equity, equity-like features in financial instruments that are classified as financial liabilities and debt-like and 
equity-like features that determine the classification of components of compound financial instruments). 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the future classification of the Subordinated Notes from an 
accounting or any other perspective or whether any such change may result in the Issuer having the option to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes under the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes or it is perceived that there is 
an actual or increased likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value 
of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Subordinated Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest payable on them. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest payable on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
There is no redemption at the option of the Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes. 
There is a risk that Undated Subordinated Notes are treated as equity of the Issuer for Luxembourg tax 
purposes. 
Luxembourg tax law generally follows Luxembourg civil (or commercial) law and Luxembourg GAAP when 
determining the nature of an instrument. Instruments such as the Undated Subordinated Notes that are 
considered as debt for Luxembourg legal and Luxembourg GAAP purposes are thus, as a general rule, also 
considered as debt for Luxembourg tax purposes. Accordingly, payments of interest made on such instruments 
should (i) be deductible for Luxembourg corporate income tax and (ii) not be subject to Luxembourg

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
withholding tax; furthermore, the principal amount of such instruments should be deductible for Luxembourg 
net wealth tax purposes.  
Nevertheless, in certain circumstances and on the basis of legal and factual elements, it might be the case that 
the economic substance differs from the legal documentation, in which case, the tax analysis of the equity or 
debt qualification of a financial instrument must follow the "economic substance over legal form" approach. 
In accordance with this economic approach, or "wirtschaftliche Betrachtungsweise", any analysis of the equity 
or debt qualification of an instrument must cover different features, no single element being decisive.  
In light of the absence of a fixed maturity under the Undated Subordinated Notes, there is a risk that the 
Undated Subordinated Notes are qualified as equity of the Issuer for Luxembourg tax purposes and accordingly 
there is a risk that payments of interest under the Undated Subordinated Notes is not deductible for 
Luxembourg corporate income tax purposes and subject to Luxembourg dividend withholding tax. There is a 
further risk that the principal amount of such Undated Subordinated Notes is no longer deductible for 
Luxembourg net wealth tax purposes. 
To obtain certainty on the debt classification of the Undated Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may on a series 
by series basis decide to request a ruling from the Luxembourg tax authorities as to the classification of 
Undated Subordinated Notes for Luxembourg tax purposes. Any such ruling would not be obtained prior to 
the issuance of the Undated Subordinated Notes. Given that the specific features of every single transaction 
are reviewed by the Luxembourg tax authorities, it cannot be ascertained that the Luxembourg Tax Ruling 
Commission adheres to the position previously adopted by the Luxembourg tax authorities with respect to 
characterisation of the Undated Subordinated Notes as debt instruments. In the absence of a final ruling, there 
is therefore a risk that the Undated Subordinated Notes are qualified as equity of the Issuer for Luxembourg 
tax purposes.  
Investors should note that, in the event of a change in the official interpretation of a Luxembourg law or 
regulation resulting in the payment of interest under the Subordinated Notes being no longer deductible for 
corporate income tax purposes or payments under the Subordinated Notes becoming subject to withholding 
tax, a Tax Deduction Event, an Accounting Event or a Gross up Event (within the meaning of Condition 7 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) may occur, enabling the Issuer to call for an early 
redemption (See also “Risk factors – The Subordinated Notes will be subject to optional redemption by the 
Issuer including upon the occurrence of certain events”.) 
There is a risk that restrictions on the deductibility of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes may 
be implemented. 
Fiscal and taxation policy and practice is constantly evolving and there have recently been a number of 
developments. In particular, a number of changes of law and practice are occurring as a result of the OECD 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project (BEPS). Investors should note that certain action points which form 
part of the OECD BEPS project (such as Action 4, which can deny deductions for financing costs as discussed 
below, or Action 2 on hybrid mismatch arrangements) have been or may be implemented in a manner which 
may affect the tax position of the Issuer. 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of a 
number of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 
(the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 1) on 12 July 2016. The EU Council further adopted Council 
Directive (EU) 2017/952 (the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 and, together with the Anti-Tax 
Avoidance Directive 1, the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives) on 29 May 2017, amending the EU Anti-
Tax Avoidance Directive 1, to provide for minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving 
EU member states and third countries. 
The EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives contain various measures that could potentially result in payments of 
interest under the Subordinated Notes ceasing to be fully deductible for Luxembourg corporate income tax

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
purposes. This could increase the Issuer’s liability to tax and reduce the amounts available for payments on 
the Notes. There are two measures of particular relevance in this regard.  
Firstly, the interest limitation requirements set out by the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 1 have already been 
implemented in article 168bis of the Luxembourg income tax law effective as of 1 January 2019, which restrict, 
for a Luxembourg taxpayer, the deduction of net interest expenses qualifying as “excess borrowing costs” to 
the higher of (i) 30 per cent. of the taxpayer’s EBITDA (defined as the taxpayer’s total net income increased 
by the amount of its excess borrowing costs, depreciation and amortisation), and (ii) €3 million.  
Excess borrowing costs are defined as the amount by which the deductible borrowing costs of a taxpayer 
exceeds the taxpayer’s taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable income of the 
taxpayer. Excess borrowing costs not deductible in a tax period can be carried forward indefinitely. The same 
applies to a taxpayer’s excess interest capacity which cannot be used in a given tax period (however, such 
excess interest capacity can only be carried forward for a maximum period of 5 years).  
Secondly, the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives also contain rules relating to so-called hybrid mismatches. 
Luxembourg implemented the anti-hybrid mismatch rules under amended article 9 of EU Anti-Tax Avoidance 
Directive 1 and 2 in article 168ter of the Luxembourg income tax law with effect as of 1 January 2020. 
As per article 168ter of the Luxembourg income tax law, a hybrid mismatch arises when a payment between 
entities located in different states results in a double deduction or a deduction without inclusion. In the event 
of a double deduction, the deriving hybrid mismatch should be adjusted by denying the deduction at the level 
of either (i) the payee or (ii) the payor (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of 
the payee). In the event of a deduction without inclusion, the deriving hybrid mismatch shall be adjusted by 
means of either (i) the denial of the deduction at the level of the payor or (ii) the inclusion of the payment in 
the taxable income of the payee (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the 
payor). A hybrid mismatch occurs only if it arises either (i) between “associated enterprises” or (ii) in the case 
of a structured arrangement. 
The impact of the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 depends on the tax treatment at the level of the relevant 
Noteholder and may alter the tax position of the Issuer. Investors should also note that the implementation of 
such measures may give rise to the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event and the Issuer having the option to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes where any resulting loss of deductibility is by reason of a change in 
Luxembourg law or regulation or the official application or interpretation of such law or regulation (See “Risk 
Factors –  The Subordinated Notes will be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer including upon the 
occurrence of certain events”). 
The interest rate on the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will reset on the First Reset Date and on 
every Reset Date thereafter, which can be expected to affect the interest payment on the Fixed Rate 
Resettable Subordinated Notes and the market value of the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes. 
Although the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will earn interest at a fixed rate until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date, the current market interest rate on the capital markets (the market interest rate) typically 
changes on a daily basis. Since the initial fixed rate of interest for the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated 
Notes will be reset on the First Reset Date of the Subordinated Notes, and on each subsequent Reset Date of 
the Subordinated Notes, the interest payment on the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will also 
change. The Noteholders should be aware that movements in these market interest rates can adversely affect 
the price of the Subordinated Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Noteholders are exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income as the reset 
rates could affect the market value of an investment in the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes. 
Fluctuations in interest rates could therefore affect the levels of capital gains or losses on the Fixed Rate 
Resettable Subordinated Notes and make it impossible to determine the yield of such securities in advance.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
During periods of rising interest rates, the prices of ﬁxed rate securities, such as the Fixed Rate Resettable 
Subordinated Notes, tend to fall and gains are reduced or losses incurred upon their sale. Therefore, investment 
in the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes involves the risk that changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes. 
See also “Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks"”. 
The Issuer has the right to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer any payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes, in 
whole but not in part, which is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date. See Condition 5 
of the Subordinated Notes. Only upon the occurrence of one of the events listed in Condition 5.2 of the 
Subordinated Notes, in the event of a redemption of the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7 of the 
Subordinated Notes or in the event of a winding up of the Issuer in a manner falling within Condition 12 of 
the Subordinated Notes will the Issuer be obliged to pay any such Arrears of Interest to Noteholders. 
Any such deferral of interest payment shall not constitute an Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 12 
of the Subordinated Notes) or a default for any purpose unless such payment is required in accordance with 
Condition 5.2 of the Subordinated Notes.  
Any deferral of interest payments, or perceived increased likelihood of deferral of interest payments, is likely 
to have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest 
deferral provision of the Subordinated Notes, the market price of the Subordinated Notes may be more volatile 
than the market prices of other debt securities on which original issue discount or interest accrues that are not 
subject to such deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer's financial 
condition. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Noteholder will, in the events described in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from higher 
ranking claims have been satisfied. A Noteholder may, therefore, recover less than the holders of 
unsubordinated or other prior ranking subordinated liabilities of the Issuer. Furthermore, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes will not limit the amount of the liabilities ranking senior to, or pari passu 
with, the Subordinated Notes which may be incurred or assumed by the Issuer from time to time, whether 
before or after the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes. The incurrence of any such other liabilities may 
reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Noteholders on a winding-up or administration of the Issuer and/or 
may increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes. Subject to 
applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed 
to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Subordinated Notes or the Trust 
Deed and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of his holding of any Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived 
all such rights of set-off. 
Although subordinated debt securities, such as the Subordinated Notes, may pay a higher rate of interest than 
comparable debt securities which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in subordinated 
securities such as the Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent. 
Limited Remedies 
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provide that the Undated Subordinated Notes will be 
perpetual securities and there is, therefore, no obligation on the Issuer to repay principal on any given date. In 
addition, payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes may be deferred in accordance with Condition 5 of

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
the Subordinated Notes and interest will not therefore be due other than in the limited circumstances described 
in Condition 5.2 of the Subordinated Notes. 
The only enforcement event in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes is if a default is made by 
the Issuer in respect of payment of any principal or interest (including any Arrears of Interest) when due and 
the default continues for a period of 30 days.  
Therefore, it will only be possible for the Noteholders to enforce claims for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes when the same are due. 
In addition the claims of holders of all Senior Obligations will first have to be satisfied in any winding-up or 
administration proceedings before the Noteholders may expect to obtain any recovery in respect of their 
Subordinated Notes and prior thereto Noteholders will have only limited ability to influence the conduct of 
such winding-up or administration proceedings. See "—The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes 
will be subordinated". 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and greater price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes, as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The relevant pages of the following documents (which have previously been published) that are included in 
the cross-reference list below shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Offering Circular: 
(a) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 (the 2019 Financial Statements) of the Issuer, which are published on the website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.aroundtown.de/fileadmin/user_upload/04_investor_relations/downloads/2019/AT_FY_
2019.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
Board of Directors' Report 
Pages 2 to 83 
EPRA Performance Measures 
Pages 72 to 77 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Pages 78 to 82 
Report of the Réviseur d’Enterprises Agréé (Independent auditor) 
Pages 86 to 88 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
Page 90 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  
Page 91 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  
Pages 92 to 93 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
Pages 94 to 95 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
Pages 96 to 97 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 98 to 144 
(b) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 (the 2020 Financial Statements) of the Issuer, which are published on the website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.aroundtown.de/fileadmin/user_upload/04_investor_relations/downloads/2020/AT_FY_
2020.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
Board of Directors' Report 
Pages 2 to 78 
EPRA Performance Measures 
Pages 62 to 71 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Pages 72 to 77 
Report of the Réviseur d’Enterprises Agréé (Independent auditor) 
Pages 79 to 83 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
Page 84 
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income  
Page 85 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  
Pages 86 to 87 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
Pages 88 to 89

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
Pages 90 to 91 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 92 to 148 
(c) 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2021 (the 
H1 2021 Financial Statements) of the Issuer, which are published on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.aroundtown.de/fileadmin/user_upload/04_investor_relations/downloads/2021/AT_Q2_
2021.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
Board of Directors' Report 
Pages 2 to 45 
Interim Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
Page 46 
Interim Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income 
Page 47 
Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 48 to 49 
Interim Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 50 to 51 
Interim Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 52 to 53 
Notes to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 54 to 60 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 10 
March 2017, pages 81 to 120 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_853dc695-a54d-4cdb-a01d-
1cfb5c9e94af.pdf); 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 6 
October 2017, pages 79 to 117 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/FBaseProspectus_9cd6c614-012d-4fc4-9d93-
9cd24987db1f.pdf);  
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 5 
October 2018, pages 101 to 145 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_381c6100-e109-455a-a5e6-
58e501795482.pdf);  
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 
5 October 2018, pages 146 to 184 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_381c6100-e109-455a-a5e6-
58e501795482.pdf);  
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 4 
October 2019, pages 103 to 149 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8deea6a3-9e1f-407e-ad0e-
828f7d86769a.PDF);  
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 
4 October 2019, pages 150 to 190 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_8deea6a3-9e1f-407e-ad0e-
828f7d86769a.PDF) and as amended by the Supplement dated 21 February 2020 which is published

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_58af3507-b7a6-
44be-9c7f-ff9b1f79b6c3.PDF);  
(j) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 
13 October 2020, pages 161 to 200 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_bc7ed548-c95d-41be-aaf2-3f1f79c029be.pdf); and 
(k) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 13 
October 2020, pages 115 to 160 (inclusive), which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_bc7ed548-c95d-41be-aaf2-3f1f79c029be.pdf), 
 
each prepared in connection with the Programme. 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular, supplements may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Issuer presents certain non-IFRS financial information in this Offering Circular, including information in 
the Board of Directors' Reports to the H1 2021 Financial Statements, the 2019 Financial Statements and the 
2020 Financial Statements, all of which have been incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. These 
non-IFRS financial information are not recognised as measures under IFRS. The Issuer however, uses this 
financial information because it believes that they are of use for its investors. According to the ESMA 
guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), the Issuer considers the following information 
presented in this Offering Circular as APMs: Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation 
and amortization excluding capital gains and revaluations and disposal gain), FFO I (funds from operations), 
FFO I before perpetual, FFO I before perpetual before Covid, FFO I before Covid, Net Financial Debt (total 
financial debt less cash and liquid assets), LTV (loan-to value ratio), European Public Real Estate Association 
(EPRA) NAV Metrics (net asset value metrics pursuant to the EPRA), EPRA NRV (net reinstatement value 
pursuant to EPRA, first reported as of the 2020 Financial Statements), EPRA NTA (net tangible assets pursuant 
to EPRA, first reported as of the 2020 Financial Statements), EPRA NDV (net disposal value pursuant to 
EPRA, first reported as of the 2020 Financial Statements), EPRA NAV (net asset value pursuant to EPRA, no 
longer reported starting from the first quarter of 2021) and EPRA NNNAV (triple net asset value pursuant to 
EPRA, no longer reported starting from the first quarter of 2021). 
 All APMs used by the Issuer relate to its or the Group's past performance. The Issuer believes that these 
measures are useful in evaluating the Group's operative performance, the net value of the Group's portfolio, 
and the level of indebtedness and of cashflows generated by the Group’s business, because a number of 
companies, in particular in the real estate sector, also publish these figures. For a reconciliation of certain of

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
the APMs referred to above, their components as well as their basis of calculation see the following pages of 
the H1 2021 Financial Statements, the 2020 Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular:  
 
H1 2021 Financial Statements 
Page 26 (Adjusted EBITDA) 
Page 28 (FFO I, previously defined as FFO I after 
perpetual, Covid adjusted) 
Page 42 (LTV) 
Page 36 (EPRA NAV) 
2020 Financial Statements 
Page 53 (Adjusted EBITDA) 
Page 54 (FFO I before perpetual, previously defined as 
FFO I or FFO I, Covid adjusted) 
Page 55 (FFO I) 
Page 60 (LTV) 
Page 64 (EPRA NAV)   
2019 Financial Statements 
Page 63 (Adjusted EBITDA) 
Page 64 (FFO I, subsequently redefined as FFO I before 
perpetual) 
Page 65 (FFO I after perpetual, subsequently redefined as 
FFO I) 
Page 70 (LTV) 
Page 74 (EPRA NAV)   
Page 75 (EPRA NNNAV)

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a 
Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership 
as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United 
States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or 
after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means 
that (i) in respect of the Senior Notes, an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 of the Senior Notes) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) in respect of the Senior Notes, the 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by 
two Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 16 of the Subordinated 
Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after 
the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes), receipts 
and interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes, 
receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are to 
be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common Depositary of, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled 
or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of 
definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate/ whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be 
so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (each as defined in Condition 
6.5 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 6.4 of the Subordinated Notes) as the registered 
holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.5 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 6.4 of the 
Subordinated Notes) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) in respect of the Senior Notes, an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available 
or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to that effect signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 16 of the Subordinated 
Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange 
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give 
notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form 
a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code, ISIN, FISN and CFI (as applicable) which 
are different from the common code, ISIN, FISN and CFI (as applicable) assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which 
shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails to do so within 60 days, or (ii) is unable for any 
reason so to do, and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Senior Notes, 
a new Offering Circular will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in 
relation to such Notes.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a UK distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes, are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Senior Notes 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, the SFA) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer 
has determined the classification of the Senior Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as 
defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]3 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR NOTES 
SENIOR NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT SENIOR NOTES, AND SENIOR NOTES TO 
BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT 
OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Senior Notes issued 
under the Programme which are not Exempt Senior Notes and which (1) have a denomination of €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency) or more, and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated 
market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
[Date] 
Aroundtown SA 
société anonyme 
40, Rue du Curé, L-1368 Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B217868 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900H4DWG3KWMBMQ39 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
[The Senior Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is 
[an EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or 
sold to non-qualified investors.]4 
 
 
                                                     
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should 
be specified to be "Applicable". 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as 
defined under the CMP Regulations 2018. 
4 Legend to be included for Senior Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will only be 
admitted to trading on an EEA or UK regulated market, or a specific segment of an EEA or UK regulated market, to which only qualified investors can 
have access. As at the date of the Offering Circular, Euronext Dublin does not have a specific segment to which only qualified investors (as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and therefore, any Senior Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in 
another currency) cannot be offered in the manner described in this legend until such a segment is established.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated 26 October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering Circular).  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.  The Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin, 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.]  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated [10 March 2017/6 October 2017/5 October 2018/4 October 2019/13 
October 2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 26 October 2021.  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 26 October 2021 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering Circular), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in 
the Offering Circular, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin, https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Aroundtown SA 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Senior Notes will 
be consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Senior Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Senior Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Senior Note, as referred to in paragraph 26 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) unless 
they are to be admitted to trading only on a 
regulated market, or a specific segment of a 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors 
have access) 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000.  No 
Senior Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above €199,000."))  
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Senior Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Senior Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Senior Notes – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[         ] 
month] 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR] +/- [         ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17]) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Senior Notes will be redeemed on

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Merger Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put]  
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [19]/[20]/[21]/[22]/[23] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
Senior 
14. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Senior Notes obtained: 
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Senior Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date[, provided that if any 
Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be 
the next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Senior 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Senior Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Senior Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Senior Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(g) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
16. 
Floating Rate Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[         ] 
month] 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ]/[ The day falling the number of London 
Banking Days included in the below SONIA 
Observation Look-Back Period prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which 
by its definition is excluded from the Interest 
Period)]/[The day falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in 
the below SOFR Observation Shift Period prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period ends

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Interest Period)] 
 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR and the second Oslo business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
 
SONIA 
Observation 
Method: 
 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”) 
 
SONIA Observation Look-
Back Period: 
 
[[     ] [London Banking Day[s]/Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”) 
 
SOFR Observation Shift 
Period: 
 
[[     ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day[s]/Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SOFR”) 
 
Index Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Time: 
 
[         ] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]  
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be selected 
before their effective date of 4 October 2021) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA definitions)) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph)

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback 
Period: 
[[●]Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
Compounding with Observation Shift Period: [[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[●] Lockout 
Period Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[OIS Compounding]] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period) 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
17. 
Zero Coupon Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
7.2– 
Redemption for tax reasons: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] [Any Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 5.2(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Notes) falling in the period from (and 
including) [  ] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days' notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent or Trustee.) 
20. 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin: 
[[       ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[       ]] 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[       ]] time/Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference Bond Price: 
[The [       ] price/Not Applicable]  
(e) 
Relevant 
Make-whole 
Determination Time: 
[[ ] [a.m./p.m.] [Brussels/London/[ ]] time/Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
Make-whole Reference Source: 
[[ ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [ ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/Not Applicable]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(g) 
Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date: 
[The [       ] Business Day preceding the [relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date/date on which the 
relevant notice of redemption is given]/Not 
Applicable] 
(h) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate][Reference Swap Rate] 
(j) 
Relevant Make-whole Screen Page: 
[[ ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [ ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/[ ]/Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[         ] 
(l) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[         ] 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Senior Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent or 
Trustee.) 
22. 
Merger Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Merger Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR NOTES 
26. 
Form of Senior Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Senior Notes:  
[Temporary Global Senior Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Senior Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Senior Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Senior Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Senior Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Senior Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Senior Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
(N.B.  The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Senior Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples 
of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 
€199,000." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Senior Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Senior Note exchangeable for Definitive Senior 
Notes.) 
 
[Registered Senior Notes: 
 
[Global Senior Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure 
[Yes][No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 16(c) relates) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Senior Notes: 
[Yes, as the Senior Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 [[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].   The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Aroundtown SA 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Senior Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and 
listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [         ].] [Specify third country market, 
SME growth market or MTF] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, disclosure 
should indicate that the original Senior Notes are 
already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Senior Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] [have not been] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Senior 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally:] 
[[] by []] 
[(endorsed by [])] 
[[] and is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation). As such, [] is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its  
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Senior Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Senior Notes has an interest material to 
the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests]  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Senior Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Senior Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
[include this text for Registered Senior Notes which 
are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Senior Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Senior Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Senior Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper][include this text for Registered 
Senior Notes].  Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Senior Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Senior Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Senior Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Senior 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
(If the Senior Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Senior Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Senior 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Offering Circular/Give 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Offering 
Circular – if reasons for offer different from what is 
disclosed in the Offering Circular, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ]

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a UK distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes, are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, the SFA) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer 
has determined the classification of the Subordinated Notes to be capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]5 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES 
SUBORDINATED NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN 
ANY OTHER CURRENCY) OR MORE AND SUBORDINATED NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO 
TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED 
MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Subordinated Notes 
issued under the Programme which (1) have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) or more, and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment 
of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access. 
[Date] 
Aroundtown SA 
société anonyme 
40, Rue du Curé, L-1368 Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B217868 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900H4DWG3KWMBMQ39 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Subordinated Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
[The Subordinated Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], 
which is [an EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), 
to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be 
offered or sold to non-qualified investors.]6 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated 26 October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering Circular).  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the 
                                                     
5 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Subordinated Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products 
as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018. 
6 Legend to be included for Subordinated Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will 
only be admitted to trading on an EEA or UK regulated market, or a specific segment of an EEA or UK regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors can have access. As at the date of the Offering Circular, Euronext Dublin does not have a specific segment to which only qualified investors 
(as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and therefore, any Subordinated Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 
(or equivalent in another currency) cannot be offered in the manner described in this legend until such a segment is established.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.]  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated [5 October 2018/4 October 2019 [and the supplement to it dated 21 
February 2020]/13 October 2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 26 
October 2021.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 26 
October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Offering Circular), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering 
Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Aroundtown SA 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Subordinated 
Notes will be consolidated and form 
a single Series: 
The Subordinated Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] 
on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Subordinated Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Subordinated Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) unless 
they are to be admitted to trading only on a

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
regulated market, or a specific segment of a 
regulated market, to which only qualified investors 
have access) 
 
(N.B. where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000.  No 
Subordinated Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above €199,000."))  
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
N.B: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes – Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [specify month and year]]/Undated] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Resettable 
Subordinated Note] 
 
[[[         ] month] [EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR] +/- 
[         ] per cent. Floating Rate Subordinated Note] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Subordinated Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of 
their nominal amount][Not Applicable] 
(Specify 'Not Applicable' for Undated Subordinated 
Notes) 
11. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Tax Deduction Event] 
 
[Accounting Event]  
 
[Rating Event] 
 
[Gross-up Event] 
[Repurchase Event] 
[Change of Control Event] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [17]/[18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22]/[23] 
below)]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
[Dated/Undated] Subordinated Notes 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Subordinated Notes obtained: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Subordinated Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
First Fixed Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year from and including [         ] [up 
to and including the Maturity Date] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s) 
for 
Subordinated Notes in definitive 
form 
(and 
in 
relation 
to 
Subordinated Notes in global form 
see Conditions) and in respect of the 
period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken 
Amount(s) 
for 
Subordinated Notes in definitive 
form 
(and 
in 
relation 
to 
Subordinated Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[       ] 
(h) 
Reset Date(s): 
[The First Reset Date and each date falling on the 
[         ] anniversary of the First Reset Date]/[         ]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(i) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate(s) and Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Mid 
Swaps/Reference Bond] 
[Relevant Financial Centre: [          ]] 
(j) 
Margin: 
[In respect of (a) the Reset Period ending on (but 
excluding) [ ] 20[ ], [the initial credit spread] per 
cent.; (b) each Reset Period which falls in the period 
commencing on (and including) [ ] 20[ ] and ending 
on (but excluding) [  ] 20[ ], [the initial credit spread 
plus [ ] bps] per cent.; and (c) each Reset Period 
which falls on or after [  ] 20[  ], [the initial credit 
spread plus [ ] bps] per cent.]/[         ] 
(k) 
Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen 
Page: 
[       ] 
(l) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[       ] 
(m) 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate 
Time: 
[       ] 
(n) 
Step Up Margin after Change of 
Control Event: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
(o) 
Subsequent Reset Floating Leg 
Reference Rate: 
[       ] 
(p) 
Subsequent Reset Floating Leg 
Screen Page: 
[       ] 
(q) 
Initial Reset Reference Rate: 
[       ] 
15. 
Floating Rate Subordinated Note Provisions [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[         ] month] [EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ]/[The day falling the number of London 
Banking Days included in the below SONIA 
Observation Look-Back Period prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which 
by its definition is excluded from the Interest 
Period)]/The day falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in 
the below SOFR Observation Shift Period prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period ends 
(but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Interest Period)] 
 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR and the second Oslo business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
 
SONIA 
Observation 
Method: 
 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”) 
 
SONIA Observation Look-
Back Period: 
 
[[     ] [London Banking Day[s]/Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”) 
 
SOFR Observation Shift 
Period: 
 
[[     ] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day[s]/Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SOFR”) 
 
Index Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Time: 
 
[         ] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be selected 
before their effective date of 4 October 2021) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA definitions)) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
 
Compounding: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback 
Period: 
[[●]Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
Compounding with Observation Shift Period: [[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[●] Lockout 
Period Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[OIS Compounding]] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period) 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice periods for Condition 7: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Issuer Call Period: 
The period commencing on (and including) [day 
falling on applicable anniversary for the minimum 
period Notes to remain outstanding] and ending on 
(and including) [the Business Day immediately prior 
to the First Reset Date or the Floating Rate Call 
Date] 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.) 
(c) 
Fixed Reset Call Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date following the First 
Reset Date]/[Each Reset Date following the First 
Reset Date]/[Any date following the First Reset Date 
and the expiry of the notice of redemption given by 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7.2 as 
specified in such notice]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only relevant for Fixed Rate Resettable 
Subordinated Notes) 
(d) 
Floating Rate Call Date: 
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes) 
18. 
Tax Deduction Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
19. 
Accounting Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Rating Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
21. 
Gross-up Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Repurchase Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Change of Control Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
25. 
Form of Subordinated Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Subordinated Notes:  
[Temporary 
Global 
Subordinated 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Subordinated 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Subordinated Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Subordinated 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Subordinated Notes on 
and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Subordinated Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Subordinated Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
(N.B.  The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Subordinated Notes 
in paragraph 6 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "€100,000 and integral 
multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and 
including €199,000." Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Subordinated Notes which is 
to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Subordinated Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Subordinated Notes.) 
 
[Registered Subordinated Notes: 
 
[Global Subordinated Note registered in the name of 
a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Subordinated Note: 
No 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
No 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Subordinated Notes: 
[Yes, as the Subordinated Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Aroundtown SA: 
 
By:  .........................................................  
 
Duly authorised 
 
By:  .........................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
and listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [         ].] [Specify third country 
market, SME growth market or MTF] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Subordinated Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] [have not been] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Subordinated Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:] 
[[] by []] 
[(endorsed by [])] 
[[] and is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation). As such, [] is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Subordinated Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[The following paragraphs in italics do not form 
part of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming any 
legal or contractual obligation) that it will only 
redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes to the

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
extent that the equity credit of the Subordinated 
Notes to be redeemed or repurchased does not 
exceed the equity credit resulting from the sale or 
issuance prior to the date of such redemption or 
repurchase by the Issuer of securities to third party 
purchasers of securities (other than subsidiaries of 
the Issuer). 
The following exceptions apply as to the Issuer’s 
replacement intention. The Subordinated Notes are 
not required to be replaced: 
(i) 
if the rating (or such equivalent 
nomenclature then used by [S&P]) 
assigned by [S&P] to the Issuer is 
at least equal to the rating on the 
date of the last additional hybrid 
issuance (excluding refinancing) 
and the Issuer is comfortable that 
such rating would not fall below this 
level as a result of such redemption 
or repurchase; or 
(ii) 
in the case of repurchase of less 
than (x) 10 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the 
Subordinated 
Notes 
originally 
issued in any period of 12 
consecutive months or (y) 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes 
originally issued in any period of 10 
consecutive years is repurchased; 
or 
(iii) 
if the Subordinated Notes are 
redeemed pursuant to a Rating 
Event, an Accounting Event, a Tax 
Deduction Event, or a Gross-Up 
Event; or 
(iv) 
in the case of repurchase, such 
repurchase 
would 
cause 
the 
Issuer’s 
outstanding 
hybrid 
securities which are assigned equity 
credit by [S&P] to remain below the 
maximum 
aggregate 
principal 
amount of hybrid securities which 
[S&P], under its then prevailing 
methodology, would assign equity 
credit to based on the Issuer’s 
adjusted total capitalisation; or

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
(v) 
if the Subordinated Notes are not 
assigned an "equity credit" (or such 
similar nomenclature then used by 
[S&P] 
at 
the 
time 
of 
such 
redemption or repurchase); or 
(vi) 
if such redemption or repurchase 
occurs on or after [ ].] 
(N.B. Only relevant for Undated Subordinated 
Notes) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Subordinated Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests]  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum  
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
Applicable 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
Applicable 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Offering Circular/Give 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Offering 
Circular – if reasons for offer different from what is 
disclosed in the Offering Circular, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ]

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a UK distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes, are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II)/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]7 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
                                                     
7 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
in the EEA will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]8 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, the SFA) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer 
has determined the classification of the Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]9 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT SENIOR NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Senior 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
Aroundtown SA 
société anonyme 
40, Rue du Curé, L-1368 Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B217868 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900H4DWG3KWMBMQ39 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer.] 10 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 26 October 2021 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] (the Offering Circular).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Offering Circular.  Copies of the 
Offering Circular may be obtained from [address]. 
                                                     
8 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should 
be specified to be "Applicable". 
9 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Exempt Senior Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products 
as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018. 
10 Include relevant legend wording here for the EEA and/or UK, as applicable, if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction for 
that regime are not included/not specified to be "Applicable" (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, or a key information document 
will be prepared, under that regime).

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Offering Circular [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular].11 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.  
1. 
Issuer: 
Aroundtown SA 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 27 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
                                                     
11 Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under an Offering Circular with a different date.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Senior Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for  
 
Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
[specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Merger Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date [, provided that if any 
Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the 
next succeeding Business Day unless it would

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual(ICMA)/Actual/365 
(Fixed)/specify other] 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(g) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon] 
(h) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Senior Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[         ] month] [EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR/specify 
other Reference Rate] (Either EURIBOR, NIBOR, 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR or other, although additional information is 
required if other, including fallback provisions in the 
Agency Agreement.) 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ]/[The day falling the number of London 
Banking Days included in the below SONIA 
Observation Look-Back Period prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which 
by its definition is excluded from the Interest 
Period)]/The day falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in 
the below SOFR Observation Shift Period prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period ends 
(but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Interest Period)] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR and the second Oslo business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
SONIA 
Observation 
Method: 
 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being “Compounded 
Daily SONIA”) 
 
SONIA Observation Look-
Back Period: 
 
[[[     ] [London Banking Day[s]][Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being “Compounded 
Daily SONIA”) 
 
SOFR Observation Shift 
Period: 
 
[[     ] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day[s]/Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being “Compounded 
Daily SOFR”) 
 
Index Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
 
Specified Time: 
 
[         ] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be selected 
before their effective date of 4 October 2021) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA definitions)) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback 
Period: 
[[●]Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
Compounding with Observation Shift Period: [[●] 
Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[●] Lockout 
Period Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
 
[OIS Compounding]] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
[Other] 
(m) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Senior Notes, if 
different from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[         ] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes which 
are Exempt Senior Notes: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
[give name] 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[         ]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
(d) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula is impossible 
or impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[         ] 
18. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
[         ] 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(d) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[         ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] [Any Business Day (as defined in Condition 
5.2(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes) falling in the period from (and including) [  ] 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.) 
21. 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin: 
[[       ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[       ]] 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 
p.m. 
[Brussels/London/[       ]] 
time/Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date: 
[The [       ] Business Day preceding the [relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date/date on which the 
relevant notice of redemption is given]/Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Bond Price: 
[The [       ] price/Not Applicable]  
(f) 
Relevant 
Make-whole 
Determination Time: 
[[ ] [a.m./p.m.] [Brussels/London/[ ]] time/Not 
Applicable] 
(g) 
Make-whole Reference Source: 
[[ ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [ ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate][Reference Swap Rate] 
(j) 
Relevant Make-whole Screen Page: 
[[ ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [ ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/[ ]/Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[         ] 
(l) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[         ] 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.) 
23. 
Merger Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Merger Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default and/or the method of calculating 
the same (if required]): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer Notes:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]  
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) and 17(g) relate) 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
30. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global 
Note may be required for Partly Paid issues] 
31. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
32. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].   The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of Aroundtown SA: 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [         ] with effect from [         ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] [have not been] rated [insert details] by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)].  
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the 
Offering Circular)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers named 
below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer  and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests]  
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Notes].  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged”

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
(ix) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes)

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Senior Note (as defined below) and each definitive Senior Note, in the latter case only if permitted 
by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Senior Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Tranche of Exempt Senior Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms 
and Conditions for the purpose of such Senior Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Senior Note and definitive Senior Note.  Reference 
should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Senior Notes. 
This Senior Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Senior Notes issued by Aroundtown SA (the Issuer) 
constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the Trust Deed) dated 26 October 2021 made between the Issuer and Prudential Trustee Company 
Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the Senior Notes shall be references to the Senior Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Senior Notes represented by a global Senior Note (a Global Senior Note), units of 
each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Senior Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Senior Notes in bearer form (Bearer Senior Notes) issued in exchange for a Global 
Senior Note in bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Senior Notes in registered form (Registered Senior Notes) (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Global Senior Note in registered form). 
The Senior Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the Agency Agreement) dated 26 October 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of 
New York Mellon, acting through its London branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the 
Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other 
paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and a transfer agent 
and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents).  The Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents, and 
other Transfer Agents together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Senior Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Senior Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, 
if this Senior Note is a Senior Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 nor offered in 
(i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case 
may be (an Exempt Senior Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of 
the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Senior 
Note.  References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Senior Note.  Any reference in the Conditions 
to applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where 
relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Senior Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer 
Senior Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons 
for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Exempt Senior Notes in 
definitive bearer form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue.  Registered Senior Notes and Global 
Senior Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the  Senior Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Senior Notes) the holders of the Senior Notes and (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) the persons in whose 
name the Senior Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Senior Notes represented by a Global Senior 
Note, be construed as provided below), the holders of the Receipts (the Receiptholders) and the holders of 
the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the 
holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Senior Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Senior Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Senior Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and 
date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Senior 
Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee or any Paying Agents and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be).  
If the Senior Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, 
trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin. If this Senior Note is an Exempt Senior Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only 
be obtainable by a Senior Noteholder holding one or more Senior Notes and such Senior Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Senior 
Notes and identity.  The Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Senior Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, in the case of definitive Senior Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified 
Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  Senior Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Senior Notes of 
another Specified Denomination and Bearer Senior Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Senior 
Notes and vice versa. 
Unless this Senior Note is an Exempt Senior Note, this Senior Note may be a Fixed Rate Senior Note, 
a Floating Rate Senior Note or a Zero Coupon Senior Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Senior Note is an Exempt Senior Note, this Senior Note may be a Fixed Rate Senior Note, a 
Floating Rate Senior Note, a Zero Coupon Senior Note, an Index Linked Interest Senior Note, a Dual 
Currency Interest Senior Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If this Senior Note is an Exempt Senior Note, this Senior Note may also be an Index Linked 
Redemption Senior Note, an Instalment Senior Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Senior Note, a 
Partly Paid Senior Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Senior Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Senior 
Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery 
and title to the Registered Senior Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon and the 
registered holder of any Registered Senior Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Senior Note, without prejudice to the provisions 
set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Senior Notes is represented by a Global Senior Note held on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Senior Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Senior Notes standing to the account of 
any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Senior 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Senior Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Senior Note 
or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Senior Note shall be treated by the Issuer, 
the Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Senior Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Senior Note and the expressions Senior 
Noteholder and holder of Senior Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Senior Notes 
as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Senior Notes which are represented by a Global Senior Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be.  References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED SENIOR NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Senior Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Senior Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Senior Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Senior Notes in definitive form or for 
a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Senior Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Senior Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Senior Note in definitive form may be 
transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  
In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Senior 
Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Senior Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Senior Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly 
executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and 
(ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent 
and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents 
of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe.  
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with 
any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) 
send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Senior Note 
in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Senior Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Senior Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered 
Senior Note in definitive form, a new Registered Senior Note in definitive form in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Senior Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the 
risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Senior Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any Registered Senior Note, or part of a Registered Senior Note, called for 
partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
Senior Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured 
mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, 
tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES  
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Senior Notes remains outstanding: 
(a) 
the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any Security Interest (other than a Permitted 
Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, 
assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Capital Markets Indebtedness 
(as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before 
or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to 
ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed are secured by 
the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Capital Markets Indebtedness to 
the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving 
of a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute discretion 
deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Senior Noteholders or (B) 
as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Senior Noteholders; and 
In these Conditions: 
Capital Market Indebtedness means any present or future obligation for the payment of borrowed 
money (including obligations by reason of any guarantee or other liability agreement for such 
obligations of third parties) which is in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes or other securities 
which are, with the consent of the Issuer, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on 
a stock exchange, over-the-counter-market or other recognised securities market; 
Permitted Security Interest means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest of a company existing at the time that such company is merged into, or 
consolidated with or acquired by, the Issuer or any other member of the Group (as the case 
may be), provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of, and the 
principal amount secured has not increased in contemplation of or since, such merger, 
consolidation or acquisition; 
(b) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by the 
Issuer or any other member of the Group (as the case may be), provided that such Security 
Interest was not created in contemplation of, and the principal amount secured has not 
increased in contemplation of or since, such acquisition;

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
(c) 
any Security Interest granted by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection 
with a Securitisation or Project Financing; or  
(d) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of subparagraphs (a) 
to (c) (inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security Interest (i) 
the principal amount secured has not increased and (ii) the Security Interest has not been 
extended to any additional assets; 
Project Finance Company means a special purpose company whose sole business comprises a 
Project and the ownership, maintenance, improvement, operation and exploitation of the assets of that 
Project; 
Project Financing means any financing of all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction, 
development or operation of any assets (a Project), provided that (i) any Security Interest created by 
the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection therewith is limited solely to such assets 
or the Share Capital of a Project Finance Company relating to that Project, and (ii) the documentation 
in respect of such financing provides for recourse to be limited to the assets financed and the revenues 
(including insurance proceeds) derived from such assets as the principal source of repayment for the 
money borrowed; 
Securitisation means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided that (i) 
any Security Interest given in connection therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues 
which are the subject of the securitisation; and (ii) recourse in respect of such securitisation is limited 
to the assets and/or revenues so securitised as the principal source of repayment for the money 
advanced; and 
Security Interest means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, or security interest or any 
other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Senior Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Senior Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Senior Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Senior Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes which are represented by (i) a Global Senior Note or 
(ii) Registered Senior Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
(A) the Fixed Rate Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note or (B) such

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Registered Senior Notes (or in each case, if they are Partly Paid Senior Notes, the aggregate 
amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes which are Bearer Senior Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.  
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Fixed Rate Senior Notes, which are 
Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes 
which are Bearer Senior Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Senior Note which is a Bearer Senior Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Senior Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Senior Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Senior Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(iii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Senior Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Senior Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Floating 
Rate Senior Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Senior Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Senior Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Senior Notes 
(together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout; or 
(d) 
OIS Compounding. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift, 
Compounding with Lockout and OIS Compounding have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes not referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is neither Compounded 
Daily SONIA nor Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time, in the case of NIBOR) (such time, the Reference Time) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case 
as at the Reference Time, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Reference Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall 
be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Reference Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Reference Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank market (if 
the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the  relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 5.2(b)(ii) the expression Reference Banks means, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone interbank market, and in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office 
of four major banks in the Norwegian interbank market, in each case selected by the Issuer 
and approved in writing by the Trustee. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
(A) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
specified as being "Compounded Daily SONIA", the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect 
to such Interest Period plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, all as determined and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
(I) 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):  
((𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 y
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 x −1) 𝑥365
𝑑 
where: 
SONIA Compounded Indexx is the SONIA Compounded Index for the day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
SONIA Compounded Indexy is the SONIA Compounded Index for the day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the last day of such Interest Period (but 
which by its definition is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
provided that if the SONIA Compounded Index required to determine SONIA 
Compounded Indexx  or SONIA Compounded Indexy does not appear on the 
Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source, at 
the Specified Time on the relevant London Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. 
London time or such later time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled 
time for publication of the SONIA Compounded Index in accordance with the 
then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA 
Reference Rate or relevant authorised distributors, as the case may be), 
Compounded Daily SONIA for such Interest Period and each subsequent 
Interest Period shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance 
with paragraph (II) below and for these purposes  the “SONIA Observation 
Method” shall be deemed to be “Shift”; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 5.2(b)(iii)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 5.2(b)(iii)(A)(I) above, the 
rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
d 
n
SONIA 
o 
d 
i
i 
pLBD 
 
 
- 
 
i 
365 
1 
365 
1
1 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 



--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
d is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” 
is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in (where in the applicable Final 
Terms “Lag” is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as 
the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified 
as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in 
the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the SONIA Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
ni, for any London Banking Day “i”, is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day; and 
SONIAi-pLBD means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling 
in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London 
Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such day; or 
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, “SONIAi-pLBD” shall be replaced in the above 
formula with “SONIAi”, where “SONIAi” means, in respect of any 
London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such day. 
(B) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be:  
(I) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, the 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or the Minimum Rate of Interest  (as the case 
may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest  (as applicable) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(II) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Floating Rate 
Senior Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Floating Rate Senior 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and 
applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period). 
(C)         For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(iii):

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
p means the number of London Banking Days included in the SONIA Observation 
Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SONIA Compounded Index means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
compounded daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as published by the 
Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source, at the Specified Time on such 
London Banking Day;  
SONIA Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
SONIA Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling 
p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
SONIA Reference Rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day, provided that if, in respect of any 
London Banking Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made available on 
the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then (unless the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and 
any related Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to 
Condition 5.3 below, if applicable) the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such 
London Banking Day shall be: 
(I) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(II) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, then the SONIA Reference Rate in respect 
of such London Banking Day shall be the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors); and 
Specified Time means 10:00 a.m., London time, or such other time as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
(A) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest 
Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period,  
(I)  
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
(
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × (
360
𝑑) 
where: 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day that is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day that is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
d  is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR IndexStart 
or SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the 
Specified Time on the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or 
by 3:00 pm New York City time on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or such later time falling one hour after 
the customary or scheduled time for publication of the SOFR Index value in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator 
of SOFR Index), "Compounded Daily SOFR" for such Interest Period and each 
Interest Period thereafter will be determined in accordance with Condition 
5.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) below; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 5.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 5.2(b)(iv)(A)(I) above, the 
rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
d0 is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference 
Rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
(B) 
If a SOFR Benchmark Replacement is required at any time to be used pursuant to 
paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then in connection with 
determining the SOFR Benchmark Replacement: 
(I) 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, shall also 
determine the method for determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (a) 
of paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, 
as applicable (including (i) the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service on or source from which such rate appears or is obtained 
(the Relevant Source), (ii) the time at which such rate appears on, or is obtained 
from, the Relevant Source (the Alternative Specified Time), (iii) the day on 
which such rate will appear on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source in 
respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the Relevant Date), 
and (iv) any alternative method for determining such rate if is unavailable at the 
Alternative Specified Time on the applicable Relevant Date), which method 
shall be consistent with industry-accepted practices for such rate; 
(II) 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time shall 
be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time; 
(III) if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, 
determine that (i) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Compounded 
Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference 
Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day or (ii) any other technical 
changes to any other provision described in this Condition 5.2(b)(iv), are 
necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including 
any alternative method described in sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (I) above) 
as the SOFR Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the 
case may be, decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, determine that no market practice for use of the

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determine is 
reasonably necessary), the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, at the direction and expense 
of the Issuer and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Senior Noteholders use their reasonable endeavours to effect the necessary 
modifications to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency Agreement in a form 
which is acceptable to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) in order to provide for the amendment of such 
definitions or other provisions to reflect such changes; and 
(IV) the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as 
practicable to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, and to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15, specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well as the 
details described in paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented 
pursuant to paragraph (III) above. The Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall not be liable to any party for 
any consequences thereof and any amendments implemented pursuant to 
paragraph (III) above shall not increase the obligations or duties, or decrease 
the rights or protections, of the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Trustee, as applicable, in these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Trust Deed unless agreed in writing between the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(iv): 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a 
tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any 
applicable Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the 
spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be 
applied to such ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, the 
rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that 
will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
p means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
SOFR Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto;

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily 
secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate); 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; 
SOFR Benchmark means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to SOFR or such other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then "SOFR Benchmark" 
means the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(2) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, provided that, 
(i) if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may 
be, determine that there is an industry-accepted replacement rate of interest for 
the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time, it shall select such industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall 
select such rate of interest that it has determined is most comparable to the then-
current Benchmark, and the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that 
has been selected by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
any, to be applied to the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Senior 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the purposes of 
determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment shall be 
consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, applied to such Unadjusted 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement where it has replaced the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent means such person that has been appointed 
by the Issuer (at its own cost) to make the calculations and determinations to be made 
by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described herein that may be made by 
either the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or the Issuer, so long as such person 
is a leading bank or other financial institution or a person with appropriate expertise, 
in each case that is experienced in such calculations and determinations. The Issuer 
may elect, but is not required, to appoint a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent at 
any time. The Issuer will notify the Senior Noteholders of any such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 15; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified 
Time for such determination; 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency 
of the SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
compounded daily SOFR rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate 
(or any successor administrator of such rate) on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
SOFR Index value means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the value of the SOFR Index published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such value appears on the by the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 
the Specified Time on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFR Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from such Interest Period);  
SOFR Observation Shift Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
SOFR Reference Rate means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
appearing on the SOFR Administrator’s Website on or about the Specified Time 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (1), unless the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, if any, determine that a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website; or 
(3) 
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determine that 
a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (or, if the then-current SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior 
to the Specified Time on the Relevant Date), then (subject to the subsequent

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
operation of this paragraph (3)) from (and including) the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (or the Relevant Date, as applicable) (the Affected 
Day), the SOFR Reference Rate shall mean, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing on, or obtained from, 
the Relevant Source at the Alternative Specified Time on the Relevant Date; 
Specified Time means 3:00 p.m., New York City time or such other time as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement means the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
or any successor organisation recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 5.2(b)(iv), if the Issuer has 
appointed a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent and such SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent is unable to determine whether a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event has occurred or, following the occurrence of a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, has not selected the SOFR Benchmark Replacement as of the related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date, in accordance with this Condition 5.2(b)(iv) then, in 
such case, the Issuer shall make such determination or select the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as the case may be.  
(E)  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this Condition 5.2(b)(iv), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event (including any determination that a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will 
be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Senior Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes which are (a) represented by a Global Senior Note 
or (b) Registered Senior Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of (x) the Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note or (y) such Registered Senior 
Notes (or, in each case, if they are Partly Paid Senior Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes which are Bearer Senior Notes in definitive form, 
the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Senior Note which is a Bearer Senior Note in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Senior 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360








--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
















360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360








--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, for such purposes.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Senior Notes are 
for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Senior Notes are for the time being listed and to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Senior 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders 
shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 5.2, above (in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes 
other than where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded 
Daily SOFR, in which case the provisions of this Condition  5.3 shall not apply), if the Issuer, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to that Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this 
Condition 5.3 shall apply. 
(a) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders of such Successor Rate and that 
Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.3(b) subsequently be 
used by the Principal Paying Agent in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5.3). 
If there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determines that there is an Alternative Rate, then the Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior 
Noteholders of such Alternative Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5.3(b)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the further operation of 
this Condition 5.3). 
(b) 
Adjustment Spread 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate, an Adjustment Spread is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, then the 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, 
the Senior Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply 
such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate. 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is formally recommended 
or provided as an option by any Relevant Nominating Body, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate, the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources 
as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, 
determines that there is an Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the international

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
debt capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
15, the Senior Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall 
apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate and the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
If no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, or the Issuer so determines that there is no such Adjustment Spread in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets and the Issuer further 
determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then the Adjustment Spread shall be: 
(i) 
the Adjustment Spread determined by the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and following consultation with an Independent Adviser, as being the 
Adjustment Spread recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or  
(ii) 
if there is no such industry standard recognised or acknowledged, such Adjustment 
Spread as the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines to be appropriate, having 
regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of 
reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the 
Senior Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders of 
such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply such Adjustment Spread 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
(c) 
Benchmark Amendments 
 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5.3 and the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determines in its discretion (A) that amendments to these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer and 
subject to the Issuer having given notice thereof (including notice of the information referred 
to in (A) and (B) above) to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Senior Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Senior Noteholders, use their reasonable endeavours to effect the necessary modifications to 
these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement as may be required in order 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
Deed and, if required, the Agency Agreement in a form which is acceptable to the Trustee and 
the Principal Paying Agent) and the Trustee and/or the Principal Paying Agent shall not be 
liable to any party for any consequences thereof and any Benchmark Amendments shall not 
increase the obligations or duties, or decrease the rights or protections, of the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Trustee, as applicable, in these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement and/or 
the Trust Deed unless agreed in writing between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Trustee, as applicable . 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 5.3(c), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Senior Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading.  
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.3(c) shall be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, 
the Senior Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of such Benchmark Amendments. 
(d) 
Independent Adviser 
In the event the Issuer is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any 
determination to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.3 or Condition 5.2(e) 
above, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.3 or Condition 5.2(e) above 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud 
or wilful default) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee or the Senior 
Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.3 or 
Condition 5.2(e) above or otherwise in connection with the Senior Notes. 
If the Issuer consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is an Alternative Rate 
and/or any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in relation to the quantum of, 
or any formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread and/or whether any 
Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or in relation to the terms of any such Benchmark 
Amendments, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be 
conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence 
of fraud or wilful default) the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever to the Senior 
Noteholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to that matter in 
accordance with any such written determination. 
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Senior Notes (acting in such 
capacity), shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Senior Noteholders. 
(e) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5.3, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2, the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless 
and until the Issuer has determined the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of this Condition 5.3. 
(f) 
Definitions

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
In this Condition 5.3: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may in either case be 
positive or negative and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) where the Original Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with this Condition 5.3 is used in place of the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Senior Notes; 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to such specified date; 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, is prohibited from being used or is no longer representative, or that its 
use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences or, where such discontinuation, 
prohibition, loss of representativeness, restrictions or adverse consequences are to 
apply from a specified date after the making of any public statement to such effect, 
the later of the date of the making of such public statement and the date falling six 
months prior to such specified date; or 
(iv) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or the Issuer to determine any Rate of Interest 
and/or calculate any Interest Amount using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate experience appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense; 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Senior Notes (provided that if, 
following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.4 
Exempt Senior Notes 
In the case of Exempt Senior Notes which are also Floating Rate Senior Notes where the applicable 
Pricing Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if 
the Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other 
than EURIBOR, NIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Exempt Senior Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Senior Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Senior Notes or Floating Rate Senior Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Senior Notes are Index Linked Interest 
Senior Notes the provisions of Condition 5.2 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Senior Notes and to the Agent were 
references to Index Linked Interest Senior Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided 
further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Senior Notes (other than Partly Paid Senior Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Senior Notes), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Senior Notes 
and otherwise as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Senior Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Senior Note, that part only of such 
Senior Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Senior Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below:

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Senior Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Senior Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Senior Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Senior Notes (as defined 
below)) and save as provided in Condition 6.4 should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Senior Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Senior Note or Long Maturity Senior Note in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Senior Note is a Fixed Rate 
Senior Note (other than a Fixed Rate Senior Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal 
amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Senior Note 
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Senior Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Senior 
Note.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Senior Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Senior Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Senior Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Senior Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Senior Notes represented by any Global Senior 
Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to definitive Bearer Senior Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Senior 
Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Senior 
Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment 
made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made 
either on such Global Senior Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Senior Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, other than 
the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 
6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer 
Senior Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Each Receipt must be presented for payment 
of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Bearer Senior Note to which it appertains.  
Receipts presented without the definitive Bearer Senior Note to which they appertain do not constitute 
valid obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the date on which any definitive Bearer Senior Note becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Senior Note or Index Linked Senior Note in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
6.5 
Payments in respect of Registered Senior Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of 
each Registered Senior Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Senior Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by 
transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) 
of the Registered Senior Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Senior Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.  For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non 
resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Senior Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the 
due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Senior Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being 
for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before 
the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date).  
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Senior Note on redemption and the final 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Senior Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Senior Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Senior Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.6 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Senior Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Senior Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder 
of a particular nominal amount of Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Senior Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Senior Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Senior Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Senior Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States and other applicable law without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay.  For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.8 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Senior Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Senior Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Senior Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Senior Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Senior Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Senior Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Senior Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant 
to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Senior Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.9, the Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Senior Note is not a Floating Rate Senior Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Senior Note is a Floating Rate Senior Note), on giving not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of 
such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Senior Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 8) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Senior Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Senior Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Senior Noteholders (i) a certificate signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Senior Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.9 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole 
discretion, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Senior Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of 
a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Senior Notes, the Senior Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed 
Senior Notes) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by definitive Senior Notes, 
be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in 
the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by a Global Senior Note, be selected in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion).  In the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by definitive Senior Notes, a list 
of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Senior Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 
15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.   
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-whole) 
(i) 
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may at its sole discretion, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable, 
subject as provided below, and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Make-whole 
Redemption Date)), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Senior Notes then outstanding on any Make-
whole Redemption Date and at the Make-whole Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date. If 
redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Senior Notes, the Redeemed Senior Notes will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by definitive 
Senior Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Senior 
Notes represented by a Global Senior Note, on a Selection Date not more than 30 days prior 
to the Make-whole Redemption Date. In the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by 
definitive Senior Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Senior Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. No exchange of the relevant Global Senior Note will be permitted during 
the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the Make-whole 
Redemption Date pursuant to this Condition 7.4 and notice to that effect shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to 
the Selection Date. 
(iii) 
In this Condition 7.4, Make-whole Redemption Amount means: 
(A) the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Senior Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on the Senior Notes to be redeemed (not including any 
portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the 
Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis (calculated on the basis of the applicable 
Day Count Fraction in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
Condition 5.1 or Condition 5.2, as the case may be) at the Reference Rate plus the Make-
whole Redemption Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Calculation Agent as having a maturity 
comparable to the remaining term of the Senior Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Senior Notes; 
Calculation Agent means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank or other independent 
institution with appropriate expertise appointed by the relevant Issuer for the purposes of calculating

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15; 
Make-whole Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual or 
annual, as applicable, fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments 
in the Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency with a term equal to the remaining term of the Senior Notes or the applicable swap rates for 
the next shorter and next longer periods of time where the Reference Swap Rate is to be calculated by 
reference to linear interpolation commencing in each case on the Make-whole Redemption Date and 
in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where 
the floating leg (in each case calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in the Specified Currency), is equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the 
Senior Notes if (a) Screen Rate Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg 
Reference Rate and (c) the Make-whole Relevant Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page or, 
if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or the Floating Leg Reference Rate is not so available 
on such Make-whole Relevant Screen Page, where such floating leg is equivalent to the rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent) acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate, customarily used for setting rates comparable to the applicable rates for the fixed leg of 
such a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction;  
Make-whole Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to the Make-whole Redemption Date, the 
percentage determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the applicable Make-whole Mid-Swap 
Rate Quotations provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reference Rate Determination Date. The Calculation Agent 
will request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate(s). If 
at least three quotations are provided, the applicable rate for the Make-whole Redemption Date will 
be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only 
two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one 
quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Calculation 
Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent), acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Calculation Agent advises the 
Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security specified is not appropriate for 
such purpose, such other central bank or government security as the Calculation Agent may, with the 
advice of Reference Market Makers, determine to be appropriate; 
Reference Bond Price means the price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its 
principal amount) specified in the applicable Final Terms appearing on the Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page at the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time or, if no such Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page is specified or such price does not appear on the Relevant Make-whole Screen Page at 
the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time, such price as is published in such other Make-whole 
Reference Source specified in the applicable Final Terms at or around the Relevant Make-whole 
Determination Time or, if no such Make-whole Reference Source is specified or such price is not so 
published (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market Maker Quotations, (ii) if 
the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than one, such Reference Market Maker

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference Market Maker 
Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and any 
Make-whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the Reference 
Bond selected by the Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the market for securities 
such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Make-whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, appearing on the Relevant Make-
whole Screen Page at the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time, or, if no such Relevant Make-
whole Screen Page is specified or such yield does not appear on the Relevant Make-whole Screen 
Page at the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time, such yield as is published in such other Make-
whole Reference Source specified in the applicable Final Terms at or around the Relevant Make-whole 
Determination Time or, if no such Make-whole Reference Source is specified or such yield is not so 
published, calculated using a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Make-whole Redemption Date. The Reference 
Bond Rate will be calculated on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Reference Rate means either the Reference Bond Rate or the Reference Swap Rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Swap Rate means the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity that would result from 
a calculation of such yield based on the rate, expressed as a percentage, for the Make-whole 
Redemption Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the semi-annual or 
annual swap rate, respectively for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the 
Maturity Date or if, in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Senior Notes an interpolated rate 
would be utilised, the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to the two semi-annual or annual swap rates, as applicable, one of which shall be the 
applicable swap rate for the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the remaining term of the Senior Notes and the other of which shall be the applicable swap rate for the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the remaining term of the 
Senior Notes provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent), acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate, which 
rate in each case appears on the Relevant Make-whole Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reference Rate Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If such rate does not appear on the Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page, the Reference Swap Rate for the Make-whole Redemption Date will be the Make-whole 
Reference Bank Rate for the remaining term of the Senior Notes or the next shorter and next longer 
such rates as applicable; 
Relevant Make-whole Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such 
other equivalent information service as determined by the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of 
displaying equivalent or comparable rates to the (A) yield to maturity or specified price of the

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
Reference Bond or (B) relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an 
equivalent maturity to the Maturity Date, as the case may be, or, in the case of (B), the next shorter 
and next longer such rates as applicable; 
Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the remaining term of the Senior Notes or the 
next shorter and next longer such rates as applicable, as selected by the Issuer and approved in writing 
by the Trustee; and 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Senior Noteholders (Investor Put) (other than a Change of 
Control Put or a Merger Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Senior Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Senior Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Senior Note the holder of this Senior Note must, if 
this Senior Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Senior Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office 
of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.5 and, in the case of 
Registered Senior Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal 
amount of the Registered Senior Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Senior Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Senior Notes is to be sent subject 
to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2.  If this Senior Note is in definitive bearer 
form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Senior Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent concerned that this Senior Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order 
or under its control. 
If this Senior Note is represented by a Global Senior Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Senior Note 
the holder of this Senior Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Senior Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and 
the Trustee has declared the Senior Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10, in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant 
to this Condition 7.5.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
7.6 
Merger Put 
If (a) Merger Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) at any time 
while this Senior Note remains outstanding, a Merger occurs (a Merger Put Event), the holder of 
each Senior Note will have the option (the Merger Put Option) (unless, prior to the giving of the 
Merger Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the 
Senior Notes under Condition 7.2) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to purchase 
or procure the purchase of this Senior Note on the Merger Redemption Date (as defined below), at the 
Merger Redemption Amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) 
accrued interest (if applicable) to (but excluding) the Merger Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Merger Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall, and 
upon the Trustee becoming so aware (the Issuer having failed to do so) the Trustee may, give notice 
(a Merger Put Event Notice) to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 specifying 
the nature of the Merger Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising 
the Merger Put Option. 
To exercise the Merger Put Option:  
(a) 
if this Senior Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the holder of this Senior Note must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Registrar falling within the period (the Merger Put Period) of 30 days after that on which 
the Merger Put Event Notice is given, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Registrar (a Merger Put Exercise Notice) and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.6 and, in 
the case of Registered Senior Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less 
than the full nominal amount of the Registered Senior Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, 
an address to which a new Registered Senior Note in respect of the balance of such Registered 
Senior Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2.  
If this Senior Note is in definitive bearer form, the Merger Put Exercise Notice must be 
accompanied by this Senior Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
this Senior Note will, following delivery of the Merger Put Exercise Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control, and all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto shall 
be dealt with as per the provisions of Condition 6.2; and 
(b) 
if this Senior Note is represented by a Global Senior Note or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the holder of this Senior Note must, within 
the Merger Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them 
to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Senior Notes in 
respect of which the Merger Put Option has been validly exercised on the Merger Redemption Date.  
Any Merger Put Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of any Senior Note pursuant 
to this Condition 7.6 shall be irrevocable except (i) with the prior consent of the Issuer or (ii) where, 
prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has accelerated

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
the Senior Notes, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw 
the Merger Put Exercise Notice or such other notice and instead to treat its Senior Notes as being 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Merger Put Event or Merger or any event 
which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Merger Put Event or Merger has occurred 
and, until it shall have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the 
Trustee may assume that no Merger Put Event or Merger or other such event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.6: 
(a) 
A Merger means an operation under the laws of Luxembourg and/or other applicable law 
whereby the Issuer is acquired by another existing company (the absorbing company) or by a 
new company and the Issuer is, as a result of the merger, dissolved without going into 
liquidation (and includes, for the avoidance of doubt, a domestic Luxembourg merger and a 
cross-border merger); 
(b) 
Merger Period means the period (i) commencing on the date of the first public announcement 
of the relevant Merger, and (ii) ending on the date which is 90 days after the date on which 
the relevant Merger occurs; and 
(c) 
Merger Redemption Date means the tenth day after the date of expiry of the Merger Put 
Period. 
7.7 
Change of Control Put 
If (a) Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) at 
any time while this Senior Note remains outstanding, a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder 
of each Senior Note will have the option (the Change of Control Put Option) (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its 
intention to redeem the Senior Notes under Condition 7.2) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, to purchase or procure the purchase of this Senior Note on the Change of Control 
Redemption Date (as defined below), at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with (or, 
where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued interest (if applicable) to (but excluding) 
the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall, and upon the Trustee becoming so aware (the Issuer having failed to do so) the Trustee may, 
give notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event, the circumstances giving rise 
to it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option:  
(a) 
if this Senior Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the holder of this Senior Note must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Registrar falling within the period (the Change of Control Put Period) of 30 days after 
that on which the Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, a duly completed and signed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office 
of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Change of Control Put Exercise 
Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition 7.7 and, in the case of Registered Senior Notes, the nominal amount

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Senior Notes 
so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Senior Note in respect 
of the balance of such Registered Senior Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 2.2.  If this Senior Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change 
of Control Put Exercise Notice must be accompanied by this Senior Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Senior Note will, following delivery of 
the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control, and all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto shall be dealt with as per the 
provisions of Condition 6.2; and 
(b) 
if this Senior Note is represented by a Global Senior Note or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the holder of this Senior Note must, within 
the Change of Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on such holder’s instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may 
be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Senior Notes in 
respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised on the Change of 
Control Redemption Date.  
Any Change of Control Put Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of any Senior 
Note pursuant to this Condition 7.7 shall be irrevocable except (i) with the prior consent of the Issuer 
or (ii) where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee 
has accelerated the Senior Notes, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice or such other notice and instead to treat 
its Senior Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event or Change of 
Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control 
Put Event or Change of Control has occurred and, until it shall have actual knowledge or notice 
pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of Control Put 
Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.7: 
(a) 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred when a person or persons (in each 
case, other than Avisco Limited and/or Avisco Group Limited and/or Gabrilet Limited and/or 
persons that are, directly or indirectly, Controlled by them, individually or jointly) acting in 
concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) (the Relevant 
Person(s)) directly or indirectly acquire Control of the Issuer; 
(b) 
A Change of Control Put Event shall be deemed to have occurred when a Change of Control 
occurs and, immediately prior to the commencement of the Change of Control Period, the 
Issuer carries (with the agreement of the Issuer) from any Rating Agency: (x) an investment 
grade credit rating (Baa3 by Moody’s, BBB- by S&P, BBB- by Fitch, or equivalent, or better), 
and such rating from any Rating Agency is, within the Change of Control Period, either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1 by Moody’s, BB+ by S&P, BB+ by 
Fitch or equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and is not within such Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by 
such Rating Agency or (in the case of withdrawal) replaced by an investment grade credit

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
rating from any other Rating Agency; or (y) a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1 by 
Moody’s, BB+ by S&P, BB+ by Fitch or equivalent, or worse), and such rating from any 
Rating Agency is within such Change of Control Period downgraded by one or more notches 
(for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and is not within such Change of Control Period 
subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency, provided 
that if, immediately prior to the commencement of the Change of Control Period, the Issuer 
carries (with the agreement of the Issuer) a rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least 
one of which is investment grade, then subparagraph (x) will apply; and in making the relevant 
decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in 
writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of 
the Change of Control. If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed 
from those which are described in this Condition, the Issuer shall determine the rating 
designations of the Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating 
designations of the Rating Agency and this Condition 7.7 shall be read accordingly; 
(c) 
Change of Control Period means the period (i) commencing on the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control, and (ii) ending on the date which is 120 
days after the date on which the relevant Change of Control occurs;  
(d) 
Change of Control Redemption Date means the tenth day after the date of expiry of the 
Change of Control Put Period;  
(e) 
Control means: (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights 
of the Issuer; or (ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of 
the Issuer's board of directors or other governing body of the Issuer, in each case, whether 
obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by the ownership of Share Capital, the 
possession of Voting Rights, by contract, trust or otherwise, and Controlled shall be construed 
accordingly; and 
(f) 
Rating Agency means any of the following rating agencies: S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (S&P), Moody’s Investors Service Ltd (Moody’s) or Fitch Ratings Ltd. (Fitch) or 
any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international 
standing specified from time to time by the Issuer. 
7.8 
Clean Up Call 
If 80 per cent. or more of the originally issued aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes 
(including any further issues pursuant to Condition 18) have been redeemed pursuant to Conditions 
7.5, 7.6 and/or 7.7 or purchased, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 days' notice to the 
Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or 
procure the purchase of) all but not some only of, the Senior Notes then outstanding at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. The notice referred 
to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (which, 
if this Senior Note is not a Floating Rate Senior Note, shall not be more than 60 days after the date of 
the notice and, if this Senior Note is a Floating Rate Senior Note, shall be the first Interest Payment 
Date which occurs after the date which falls 30 days after the date of the notice). 
7.9 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10: 
(a) 
each Senior Note (other than a Zero Coupon Senior Note) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount; and

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Senior Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Senior Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Senior Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Senior Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Senior Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).  
7.10 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Senior Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Senior Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Senior Notes 
may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For 
the purposes of Condition 7.2, Index Linked Interest Senior Notes and Dual Currency Interest Senior 
Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date.   
Instalment Senior Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption 
Amount of Instalment Senior Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Senior Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.10 and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7.11 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Senior Notes (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Senior Notes may 
be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the 
Registrar for cancellation. 
7.12 
Cancellation 
All Senior Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  
All Senior Notes so cancelled and any Senior Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
7.11 above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.13 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Senior Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Senior Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Senior Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7 above or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Senior Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 7.9(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date 
upon which such Zero Coupon Senior Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Senior Note have been 
paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Senior Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the 
Senior Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Senior 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Senior Note, Receipt or 
Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Luxembourg; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Senior Note, Receipt 
or Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of such Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.7).  
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Senior Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void 
unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 6.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 51 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Senior Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction), (but in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs (b), (d), 
(e), (i) and (j) inclusive below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that such 
event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Senior Noteholders), give notice in 
writing to the Issuer that each Senior Note is, and each Senior Note shall thereupon immediately 
become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided 
in the Trust Deed if any of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be 
continuing: 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of any principal or any interest when due in respect of the 
Senior Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 30 days; 
(b) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the 
Conditions or the Trust Deed and such default is incapable of remedy or, if (in the opinion of 
the Trustee) capable of remedy, is not (in the opinion of the Trustee) remedied within 90 days 
after the Issuer shall have received from the Trustee written notice of such default; 
(c) 
if: (i) any Indebtedness of the Issuer becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an 
event of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer fails to make any payment in respect of 
any Indebtedness on the due date for payment as extended by any originally applicable grace 
period; (iii) any security given by the Issuer for any Indebtedness is enforced; or (iv) default 
is made by the Issuer in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given 
by it in relation to any Indebtedness of any other person; 
(d) 
if: (i) a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out 
on or against all or any substantial part of the assets of the Issuer and is not discharged or 
stayed within 120 consecutive days or such longer period as may be permitted by the Trustee 
in its sole discretion; or (ii) any step is taken by any person with a view to the seizure, 
compulsory acquisition, expropriation or nationalisation of all or a material part of the assets 
of the Issuer; 
(e) 
any step is taken to enforce any Security Interest, present or future, created or assumed by the 
Issuer (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
receiver, administrator manager, judicial manager or other similar person) and such step is not 
stayed within 120 consecutive days; 
(f) 
bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou 
judiciaire), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion 
contrôlée), general settlement or composition with creditors (concordat préventif de la 
faillite), examinership, reorganisation or similar Luxembourg or foreign laws proceedings 
affecting the rights of creditors generally are opened against the Issuer and remain unstayed 
in effect for a period of 120 consecutive days and/or any receiver (curateur), liquidator 
(liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), verifier (expert-vérificateur) juge délégué or juge 
commissaire is appointed in respect of the Issuer and is not discharged within 120 days of 
such appointment; 
(g) 
the Issuer admits its inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its 
debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law; 
(h) 
an order is made or a resolution is passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, or 
the Issuer has passed a special resolution to have itself wound up or has made an 
announcement or issued a notice to that effect, or the Issuer ceases or publicly announces an 
intention to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except in any 
such case: (i) as a result of a Permitted Cessation of Business; or (ii) for the purpose of and 
followed by a solvent reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation; 
or (iii) in the case of a Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Subsidiary are 
transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another Subsidiary (as the case may be); 
(i) 
a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money are rendered against the Issuer and 
which judgments are not, within 120 days after entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed 
pending appeal, or are not discharged within 90 days after the expiration of such stay; or 
(j) 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs, 
provided that, in the case of paragraphs (c) to (j) above (to the extent that paragraph (f) relates to a 
reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement) or a general settlement or composition with creditors 
(concordat préventif de la faillite)), no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the 
amount of the relevant default, either alone or when aggregated with other amounts of default relative 
to all (if any) other such events referred to in such paragraphs which shall have occurred (such 
amounts, in each case, if not in euro, converted into euro at the Prevailing Rate on the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Event of Default), shall be equal to, or more than 10 per cent. of the Portfolio 
Value. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the right to declare the Senior Notes due and repayable in accordance with 
this Condition 10 shall terminate if the event giving rise to the right ceases to fulfil the requirements 
of this Condition before the right is exercised.  
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts 
and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation 
to the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons unless (a) it shall have been so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least 51 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
No Senior Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails to do so within 60 days, or (ii) 
is unable for any reason so to do, and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
11. 
COVENANTS  
11.1 
Indebtedness/Assets 
The Issuer undertakes that it will not, and will procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, up to (and 
including) the Final Discharge Date, incur any Indebtedness (other than any Refinancing 
Indebtedness) if, immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such additional Indebtedness and 
the application of the net proceeds of such incurrence, the sum of: 
(a) 
(i) the Consolidated Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last Reporting 
Date; and (ii) the Net Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) incurred since the Last 
Reporting Date would exceed 60 per cent. of the sum of (without duplication): (i) the Total 
Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last Reporting Date; (ii) the value of all 
assets acquired or contracted for acquisition by the Group, as determined at the relevant time 
in accordance with IFRS and the accounting principles applied by the Issuer in the latest 
Financial Statements as certified by the auditors of the Issuer, since the Last Reporting Date; 
and (iii) the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred since the Last Reporting Date (but only to 
the extent that such proceeds were not used to acquire Real Estate Property or to reduce 
Indebtedness); and 
(b) 
(i) the Consolidated Secured Indebtedness (excluding the Secured Senior Notes (if any) and 
less Cash and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last Reporting Date; and (ii) the Net Secured 
Indebtedness (excluding the Secured Senior Notes (if any) and less Cash and Cash 
Equivalents) incurred since the Last Reporting Date would exceed 45 per cent. of the sum of 
(without duplication): (i) the Total Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last 
Reporting Date; (ii) the value of all assets acquired or contracted for acquisition by the Group, 
as determined at the relevant time in accordance with IFRS and the accounting principles 
applied by the Issuer in the latest Financial Statements as certified by the auditors of the Issuer, 
since the Last Reporting Date; and (iii) the proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred since the 
Last Reporting Date (but only to the extent that such proceeds were not used to acquire Real 
Estate Property or to reduce Indebtedness). 
11.2 
Unencumbered Assets/Unsecured Indebtedness  
The Issuer undertakes that the sum of: (i) the Unencumbered Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) 
as at the Last Reporting Date; and (ii) the Net Unencumbered Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) 
newly recorded since the Last Reporting Date will at no time be less than 125 per cent. of the sum of: 
(i) the Unsecured Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) at the Last Reporting Date; and (ii) 
the Net Unsecured Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) incurred since the Last Reporting 
Date. 
11.3 
Restriction on Ceasing Business 
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary (excluding any Listed Entity) (the Restricted 
Subsidiaries) to cease to, or formally announce its intention to cease to, carry on its real estate 
business, except (i) as a result of a Permitted Cessation of Business; or (ii) for the purpose of and 
followed by a solvent reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation; or (iii) 
in the case of a Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Subsidiary are transferred to or 
otherwise vested in the Issuer or another Subsidiary (as the case may be).

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
11.4 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio 
Up to and including the Final Discharge Date, the Issuer undertakes that, on each Reporting Date, the 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio will be at least 1.8. 
11.5 
Publication of Financial Statements 
Up to and including the Final Discharge Date, the Issuer shall post on its website: 
(a) 
within 120 days after the end of each of the Issuer's fiscal years, annual reports containing the 
following information: 
(i) 
audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS; and 
(ii) 
the audit report of the independent auditors on the consolidated financial statements; 
and 
(b) 
within 75 days after the end of the first six months in each fiscal year of the Issuer, 
consolidated interim financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
11.6 
Certificate to the Trustee 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed to deliver to the Trustee on an annual basis a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer as to there not having occurred an Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) since the date of the last such certificate or if such 
event has occurred as to the details of such event. The Trustee will be entitled to rely without liability 
on such certificate and shall not be obliged independently to monitor whether an Event of Default or 
Potential Event of Default has occurred or monitor compliance by the Issuer with the undertakings set 
forth in this Condition 11, nor be liable to any person for not so doing. 
Any certificate addressed to the Trustee by two directors of the Issuer as to the amounts of any defined 
term or figure in Conditions 11.1, 11.2, 11.4 and 11.5 may, in the absence of manifest error, be relied 
upon by the Trustee (without liability to any person for so relying) and, if so relied upon, shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Senior Noteholders. 
11.7 
Newco Scheme 
In the event of a Newco Scheme, the Issuer undertakes to take (or shall procure that there is taken) all 
necessary action to ensure that (to the satisfaction of the Trustee) immediately after completion of the 
Newco Scheme: 
(a) 
at its option either Newco is substituted under the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed as principal 
obligor in place of the Issuer (with the Issuer providing a guarantee), subject to and as provided 
in the Trust Deed, or Newco becomes a guarantor under the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed 
and such amendments are made to these Conditions and the Trust Deed as are necessary, in 
the opinion of the Trustee to give effect to such changes (and the Trustee shall (at the expense 
of the Issuer) be obliged to concur in effecting such substitution or grant of such guarantee 
and in either case making any such amendments, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged 
so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose new or more onerous 
duties or obligations upon it or expose it to further liabilities or reduce its protections); and 
(b) 
the Trust Deed and the Conditions (including, without limitation, the Events of Default (in 
Condition 10)) provide at least the same protections and benefits to the Trustee and the Senior 
Noteholders following the implementation of such Newco Scheme as they provided to the

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
Trustee and the Senior Noteholders prior to the implementation of the Newco Scheme, mutatis 
mutandis. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF SENIOR NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Senior Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) upon payment 
by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Senior 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;  
(b) 
so long as the Senior Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.6.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Senior Noteholders promptly by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of 
agency or trust with, any Senior Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which 
it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Senior Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 
9.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
15. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Senior Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Senior Notes are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date 
of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of 
the first publication in all required newspapers.  If publication as provided above is not practicable, a 
notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the 
Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Senior Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Senior Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Senior Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Senior 
Notes representing the Senior Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing 
the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication 
by them to the holders of the Senior Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Senior Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the holders of the Senior Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Senior Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Senior Note in definitive form) with the relative Senior Note or Senior 
Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Senior Notes).  Whilst any of the Senior Notes are represented by a Global Senior 
Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Senior Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
MEETINGS 
OF 
SENIOR 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATION, 
WAIVER 
AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Senior Noteholders (including by 
way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Senior Notes, 
the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed.  Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Senior 
Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons 
being or representing Senior Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Senior Notes so held or

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Senior Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying 
the date of maturity of the Senior Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Senior Notes or 
altering the currency of payment of the Senior Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall 
be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-quarter in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened 
and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of 
the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding or 
(iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal 
amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Senior Noteholders.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the 
Senior Noteholders will be binding on all the Senior Noteholders, whether or not they are present at 
any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders and 
Couponholders. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of, any of the provisions of the Senior Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such 
consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as 
such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Senior Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to 
any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an 
error which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven.  Any such modification shall be binding on the 
Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to agree to such modifications to the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to Conditions 5.3(c) and 
5.2(b)(iv) in connection with effecting (i) any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and Adjustment Spread 
and/or (ii) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR 
Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, or, in each case, any related changes 
referred to in Conditions 5.3(c) and 5.2(b)(iv) respectively, without the requirement for the consent or 
sanction of the Senior Noteholders or Couponholders. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Senior Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard 
to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Senior 
Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any 
other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise 
upon individual Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders except to the extent already 
provided for in Condition 8 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution 
for, Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust Deed.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Senior Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal 
debtor under the Senior Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, 
being (a) a Subsidiary of the Issuer; or (b) any Successor in Business, in each case, subject to (i) 
(except in the case of a Successor in Business) the Senior Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Issuer, (ii) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Senior Noteholders 
will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution and (iii) certain other conditions set out in the 
Trust Deed being complied with. Any such substitution shall be binding on the Senior Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
In connection with a Newco Scheme, at the request of the Issuer, the Trustee shall, without the 
requirement for any consent or approval of the Senior Noteholders, concur in the substitution of Newco 
in place of the Issuer (or any previous substituted company) as principal debtor under the Trust Deed 
and the Senior Notes, pursuant to and subject to the provisions set out in Condition 11.7. 
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Law shall not apply. 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for 
the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard 
to the interests of, or consequences for, the Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders and 
(c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received 
thereby or in connection therewith.  
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Senior Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further Senior Notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Senior Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Senior Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Senior Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Senior Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement,

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
the Senior Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law.  
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Law shall not apply.  
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts 
and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, 
the Senior Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the 
Issuer and the Trustee and any Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other 
court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any 
process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
20.4 
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above. 
21. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Cash means cash in hand; 
Cash Equivalents means short-term, liquid investments and traded securities; 
Companies Law means the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as 
amended; 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means the number set out under the heading "EBITDA (adjusted)" 
in the Financial Statements;

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio means the ratio of (A) the aggregate amount of Consolidated Adjusted 
EBITDA in the Relevant Period to (B) the aggregate amount of Net Cash Interest in the Relevant 
Period; 
Consolidated Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Group, as set out in the Financial Statements; 
Consolidated Secured Indebtedness means that portion of the Consolidated Indebtedness that is 
secured by any Security Interest, as set out in the Financial Statements; 
Equity Share Capital means, in relation to any entity, its issued share capital excluding any part of 
that capital which, in respect of dividends and capital, does not carry any right to participate beyond a 
specific amount in a distribution; 
Existing Shareholders means the holders of ordinary shares in the Issuer immediately prior to the 
Scheme of Arrangement; 
Group means the Issuer, each Related Company and each Subsidiary taken as a whole and member 
of the Group shall be construed accordingly; 
Final Discharge Date means the date on which all present and future obligations and liabilities 
(whether actual or contingent) of the Issuer to the Trustee and the Senior Noteholders under or in 
respect of the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed have been discharged; 
Financial Statements means the annual audited consolidated financial statements (including the 
management report) of the Issuer or the consolidated interim financial statements (including the 
management report) of the Issuer, in each case as published by the Issuer as at the Last Reporting Date 
and prepared in accordance with IFRS; 
Indebtedness means (without duplication) any indebtedness (whether being principal, interest or other 
amounts but excluding any indebtedness owed to another member of the Group) for or in respect of: 
(a) money borrowed; (b) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit; or (c) 
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities (to the extent not Share 
Capital) offered, issued or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition 
consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other 
than cash; 
Last Reporting Date means the most recent Reporting Date; 
Listed Entity means Grand City Properties S.A., Primecity Investment plc or any member of the 
Group, from time to time, that has any securities trading on a European Economic Area market or on 
such other internationally recognised, regularly operating, stock exchange or securities market; 
Net Cash Interest means all interest accrued to be paid to persons who are not members of the Group 
less the amount of any interest accrued to be received from persons who are not members of the Group, 
in each case, excluding any one-off financing charges (including, without limitation, any one-off fees 
and/or break costs and/or early redemption costs and/or issuance costs) as set out in the Financial 
Statements; 
Net Indebtedness means the Indebtedness incurred minus the amount of Indebtedness repaid; 
Net Secured Indebtedness means the Secured Indebtedness incurred minus the amount of Secured 
Indebtedness repaid;

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
Net Unencumbered Assets means the value of any Real Estate Property not subject to any Security 
Interest acquired or contracted for acquisition plus the value of all other assets not subject to any 
Security Interest acquired or contracted for acquisition minus the value of such assets which: (i) have 
been disposed of; or (ii) have become subject to a Security Interest, with the value of any such Real 
Estate Property or other assets in each such case to be determined at the relevant time in accordance 
with IFRS and the accounting principles applied by the Issuer in the latest Financial Statements as 
certified by auditors of the Issuer; 
Net Unsecured Indebtedness means the Unsecured Indebtedness incurred minus the Unsecured 
Indebtedness repaid; 
Newco means a newly incorporated limited liability company; 
Newco Scheme means a scheme of arrangement or any other transaction (each, a Scheme of 
Arrangement): 
(a) 
which effects the interposition of a Newco between the Existing Shareholders and the Issuer; 
and 
(b) 
in respect of which the Issuer and the Trustee agree, with effect immediately after the 
implementation of such Scheme of Arrangement, (a) at the Issuer's option, either to the 
substitution of Newco in place of the Issuer as principal obligor (with a guarantee from the 
Issuer) or to the provision of a guarantee from Newco and (b) to make such amendments to 
these Conditions and the Trust Deed as are necessary, in the opinion of the Trustee, to ensure 
that the Trust Deed and these Conditions (including, without limitation, the Events of Default 
(in Condition 10)) provide at least the same protections and benefits to the Trustee and the 
Senior Noteholders following the implementation of such Scheme of Arrangement as they 
provided to the Trustee and the Senior Noteholders prior to the implementation of the Scheme 
of Arrangement, mutatis mutandis, all subject to and in accordance with Condition 11.7, 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(i) 
only ordinary shares of Newco or depositary or other receipts or certificates representing 
ordinary shares of Newco are issued to Existing Shareholders; 
(ii) 
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement the only shareholders of ordinary 
shares of Newco or, as the case may be, the only holders of depositary or other receipts or 
certificates representing ordinary shares of Newco, are Existing Shareholders in the same 
proportions as such Existing Shareholders held ordinary shares immediately prior to the 
Scheme of Arrangement; 
(iii) 
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement, Newco is (or one or more 
wholly-owned subsidiaries of Newco are) the only ordinary shareholder (or shareholders) of 
the Issuer; 
(iv) 
all Subsidiaries of the Issuer immediately prior to the Scheme of Arrangement (other than 
Newco, if Newco is then a Subsidiary) are Subsidiaries of the Issuer (or subsidiaries of Newco) 
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement;  
(v) 
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement, the Issuer (or Newco) holds, 
directly or indirectly, the same percentage of the ordinary Share Capital and Equity Share 
Capital of those Subsidiaries as was held by the Issuer immediately prior to the Scheme of 
Arrangement; and

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
(vi) 
any and all applicable company and securities laws are complied with; 
Permitted Cessation of Business means, in the case of a Successor in Business, the Issuer ensuring 
the substitution of such Successor in Business as principal debtor under the Senior Notes, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and the Trust Deed in place of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 and the Trust 
Deed; 
Portfolio Value means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, its Subsidiaries and any 
Related Company, as such amount appears in the latest Financial Statements; 
Real Estate Property means the real estate property and any shares in real estate holding companies 
held directly or indirectly by the Group 
Refinancing means, in respect of any Indebtedness, to refinance, extend, renew, refund, repay, prepay, 
purchase, redeem, defease, retire, amend, restate, modify, supplement or replace, including the issue 
of other Indebtedness in exchange or replacement for, such Indebtedness, and Refinance and 
Refinanced shall be construed accordingly; 
Refinancing Indebtedness means Indebtedness incurred (whether in a single financing or one or more 
separate financings) to Refinance any amount or amounts of existing Indebtedness of the Group as at 
the relevant date, provided that: 
(a) 
such Refinancing Indebtedness has an aggregate principal amount that is equal to or less than 
the aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness being Refinanced; and 
(b) 
if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is subordinated in right of payment to the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of the Senior Notes, such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in 
right of payment to such obligations at least to the same extent as the Indebtedness being 
Refinanced; 
Related Company means any company in which the Issuer holds, directly or indirectly, no more than 
50 per cent. of the Share Capital or the Voting Rights in respect of such company; 
Relevant Period means, for the purposes of Condition 11.4, the most recent four consecutive quarters 
ending prior to the date of determination of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio; 
Reporting Date means an accounts date for which the annual audited consolidated financial 
statements (including the management report) of the Issuer or the consolidated interim financial 
statements (including the management report) of the Issuer, in each case, has have been published and 
prepared in accordance with IFRS; 
Secured Indebtedness means that portion of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding 
Indebtedness that is secured by any Security Interest on properties or other assets as set out in the 
Financial Statements; 
Secured Senior Notes means any secured Senior Notes issued by any member of the Group (whether 
currently issued or issued in the future) which have not been repaid in full; 
Share Capital means, in relation to any entity, its issued share capital; 
Successor in Business means: 
(a) 
any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Issuer with any other corporation (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the Issuer is the continuing 
corporation); or

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
(b) 
any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Issuer to another entity 
(whether by operation of law or otherwise); 
Subsidiary means any company in which the Issuer holds directly or indirectly, through another 
Subsidiary, more than 50 per cent. of the Share Capital or Voting Rights; 
Total Assets means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group, as such amount appears in 
the latest Financial Statements, provided that Total Assets shall include the proceeds of the 
Indebtedness or Secured Indebtedness and Secured Senior Notes to be incurred; 
Unencumbered Assets means (without duplication): (i) the value of any Real Estate Property, on a 
consolidated basis determined in accordance with IFRS, of the Group that is not subject to any Security 
Interest; plus (ii) the value of all other assets of the Group that is not subject to any Security Interest 
(where in the case of both (i) and (ii), the values shall be equal to such amounts that appear in the latest 
Financial Statements); 
Unsecured Indebtedness means that portion of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding 
Indebtedness that is not Secured Indebtedness, as set out in the Financial Statements; and 
Voting Rights means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, in 
respect of any person other than the Issuer the right generally to vote at a general meeting of the 
shareholders of that person (in each case, irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other 
class or classes shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any 
contingency).

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Subordinated Note (as defined below) and each definitive Subordinated Note, in the latter 
case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive 
Subordinated Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global 
Subordinated Note and definitive Subordinated Note.  Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" 
for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
This Subordinated Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Dated Subordinated Notes or Undated 
Subordinated Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) issued by Aroundtown SA (the Issuer) 
constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the Trust Deed) dated 26 October 2021 made between the Issuer and Prudential Trustee Company 
Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the Subordinated Notes shall be references to the Subordinated Notes of this Series and 
shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Subordinated Notes represented by a global Subordinated Note (a Global 
Subordinated Note), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Subordinated Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Subordinated Notes in bearer form (Bearer Subordinated Notes) issued in exchange 
for a Global Subordinated Note in bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Subordinated Notes in registered form (Registered Subordinated Notes) (whether or 
not issued in exchange for a Global Subordinated Note in registered form). 
The Subordinated Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such 
Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 26 October 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, 
acting through its London branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Agent Bank, respectively, which expressions shall include any successor thereto) and the other 
paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent and the Agent Bank, the Paying 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor 
registrar) and a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents).  The Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the 
Paying Agents, and other Transfer Agents together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Subordinated Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Subordinated Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions).  References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Subordinated Note. The expression 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of 
Bearer Subordinated Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments 
remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered 
Subordinated Notes and Global Subordinated Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Subordinated Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of 
Bearer Subordinated Notes) the holders of the Subordinated Notes and (in the case of Registered Subordinated 
Notes) the persons in whose name the Subordinated Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any 
Subordinated Notes represented by a Global Subordinated Note, be construed as provided below), the holders 
of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Subordinated Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Subordinated Notes together with any further Tranche 
or Tranches of Subordinated Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) 
have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to any 
Subordinated Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee or any Paying Agents and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant Paying Agent, 
as the case may be).  If the Subordinated Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The Subordinated Noteholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Subordinated Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and, in the case of definitive Subordinated Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Subordinated Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Subordinated Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Subordinated Notes may not 
be exchanged for Registered Subordinated Notes and vice versa. 
This Subordinated Note may be a Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note or a Floating Rate 
Subordinated Note depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes are issued with Coupons attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Subordinated Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Subordinated Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Subordinated Note or Coupon and

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
the registered holder of any Registered Subordinated Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or 
not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Subordinated Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Subordinated Notes is represented by a Global Subordinated Note held on 
behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment 
of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Subordinated Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Subordinated Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of the relevant Global Subordinated Note and the expressions Subordinated Noteholder and 
holder of Subordinated Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Subordinated 
Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it 
shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Subordinated Notes which are represented by a Global Subordinated Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.  References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED SUBORDINATED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Subordinated Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Subordinated Notes will be effected by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Subordinated Note will, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Subordinated Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Subordinated Note of the same 
series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.   
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, 
a Registered Subordinated Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the 
authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer 
(a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Subordinated Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Subordinated Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Subordinated Note)

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the 
holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe.  Subject as 
provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a 
day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication 
and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by 
uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Subordinated Note in 
definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Subordinated Note (or the 
relevant part of the Registered Subordinated Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only 
of a Registered Subordinated Note in definitive form, a new Registered Subordinated Note in 
definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Subordinated Note not transferred will be 
so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Costs of registration 
Subordinated Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by 
regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES AND PROHIBITION OF SET-OFF 
3.1 
Status 
The Subordinated Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and in the event of the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, 
bankruptcy or similar proceedings of the Issuer rank: 
(a) 
senior only to the Junior Obligations of the Issuer; 
(b) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Parity Obligations of the Issuer; and 
(c) 
junior to all other present and future obligations of the Issuer, whether subordinated or 
unsubordinated, except as otherwise provided by mandatory provisions of applicable laws or 
as expressly provided for by the terms of the relevant instrument. 
In these Conditions: 
Junior Obligations means (i) the ordinary shares and preferred shares (if any) of the Issuer, (ii) 
any present or future share of any other class of shares of the Issuer, (iii) any other present or future 
security, registered security or other instrument of the Issuer under which the Issuer’s obligations rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with the ordinary shares or the preferred shares (if any) of the 
Issuer and (iv) any present or future security, registered security or other instrument which is issued 
by a Subsidiary and guaranteed by the Issuer or for which the Issuer has otherwise assumed liability 
where the Issuer’s obligations under such guarantee or other assumptions of liability rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the instruments described under (i), (ii) or (iii); 
Parity Obligations means any present or future obligation which (i) is issued by the Issuer and the 
obligations under which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer 's obligations under

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
the Subordinated Notes, or (ii) benefits from a guarantee or support agreement that ranks or is 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes; 
Share Capital means, in relation to any entity, its issued share capital; 
Subsidiary means any corporation, partnership, company or other enterprise in which the Issuer 
directly or indirectly holds in the aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the Share Capital or the Voting 
Rights; and 
Voting Rights means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, in 
respect of any person other than the Issuer the right generally to vote at a general meeting of the  
shareholders of that person (in each case, irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other 
class or classes shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any  
contingency). 
3.2 
Insolvency or Liquidation of the Issuer 
In the event of the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, bankruptcy or similar proceedings of the 
Issuer, no payments under the Subordinated Notes shall be made to the Subordinated Noteholders 
unless all claims that, pursuant to Condition 3.1, rank senior to the Subordinated Notes have been 
discharged or secured in full. 
3.3 
Prohibition of Set-off 
No Subordinated Noteholder may set-off any claims arising under the Subordinated Notes against any 
claims that the Issuer may have against it. The Issuer may not set-off any claims it may have against 
the Subordinated Noteholders against any of its obligations under the Subordinated Notes. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note bears interest on its principal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.   
Subject to Condition 5, such interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year from (and including) the first Interest Payment Date. 
If the Subordinated Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the First Reset Date 
in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
(b) 
Interest Accrual 
The Subordinated Notes (and any unpaid amounts thereon) will cease to bear interest from (and 
including) the date of redemption thereof pursuant to the relevant paragraph of Condition 7 or the date 
of substitution thereof pursuant to Condition 8, as the case may be, unless payment of principal is

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Subordinated Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Interest Calculation 
Except in the case of Subordinated Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes which are (a) represented by a Global 
Subordinated Note or (b) Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of (x) the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes represented 
by such Global Subordinated Note or (y) such Registered Subordinated Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes which are Bearer Subordinated Notes 
in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated 
Notes, which are Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes which are Bearer Subordinated Notes in definitive form) shall be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note which is a Bearer 
Subordinated Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(A) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(B) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
(2) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
I. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
II. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(C) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
(d) 
First Fixed Rate of Interest 
For each Fixed Interest Period to (but excluding) the First Reset Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and subject to Condition 5, each Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note bears interest 
at the rate per annum equal to the First Fixed Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), subject to Condition 4.3.  
(e) 
Subsequent Reset Rate(s) of Interest 
For each Fixed Interest Period commencing on or after the First Reset Date and subject to Condition 
5, each Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note bears interest at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, 
as determined and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer by the Agent Bank on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 4.1(e), subject to Condition 4.3. 
Following any such determination of the Subsequent Reset Rate, the Issuer shall promptly notify the 
Trustee of such Subsequent Reset Rate.  
In these Conditions: 
Margin means the rate(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Mid Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency with a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date and payable with a 
frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period (or, if such rate with such 
frequency of payments is not displayed on the Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page at the

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time, the rate with the next closest frequency of payments converted 
in accordance with market convention to a rate with the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes) (calculated in each case on 
the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency); 
Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on 
such other equivalent information service as determined by the Issuer (acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser as defined in Condition 4.4), for the purpose of displaying 
the Mid Swap Rate; 
Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be 
Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of a leading independent investment, merchant or 
commercial bank as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset 
Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and 
of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date (i) the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer 
than five, but more than one, Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotation is received, the amount of that quotation so received; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice 
of a leading independent investment, merchant or commercial bank), or their affiliates and respective 
successors, which are primary dealers or market makers in the market for securities such as the 
Reference Bond; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as 
determined, and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer, by the Agent Bank, of the bid and 
offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date quoted in writing to the Issuer or the Agent Bank by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
Reset Determination Date means for each Reset Period the date as specified in the Final Terms falling 
on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the Rate of Interest for such Reset 
Period is to be determined; 
Reset Period means the period from one Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset Date 
up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any); 
Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Subsequent Reset 
Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Margin (rounded down to four decimal places, with 0.00005 
being rounded down) (which rate if not calculated on the basis of a Subsequent Reset Reference Rate 
with the same frequency of payments, shall be converted in accordance with market convention to a 
rate with the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Fixed Rate 
Resettable Subordinated Notes or, if market convention is for the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate 
first to be so converted, the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
Subsequent Reset Rate shall be the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate as so converted without any 
further such conversion); 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate means either:  
(i) 
if Mid Swaps is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate which appears on the Mid 
Swap Reference Rate Screen Page at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period, expressed as a percentage; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the Final Terms, the rate per annum equal to the annual 
yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the 
relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price; and 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page Unavailable or Mid Swap Rate does not Appear 
If the Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page is unavailable or the Mid Swap Rate does not appear on 
the Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page, in each case at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference 
Rate Time, the Issuer or the Agent Bank shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) 
to provide the Issuer or the Agent Bank with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Mid Swap Rate at approximately the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time on the 
Reset Determination Date in question in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency) is equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes if (a) the Notes were Floating Rate Subordinated Notes and Screen Rate 
Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Subsequent Reset Floating Leg Reference Rate 
and (c) the Relevant Screen Page was the Subsequent Reset Floating Leg Screen Page, or, in the event 
that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or no relevant offered quotation appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time, on the basis of the rate that 
would have been used for the floating leg of the Mid Swap Rate that was to appear on the Mid Swap 
Reference Rate Screen Page at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time if it had appeared 
at such time. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or the Agent Bank with offered quotations, 
the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined, and notified 
in writing to the Agent and the Trustee, by the Issuer or the Agent Bank.  If only one quotation is 
provided, the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate will be the quotation provided. 
If none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer or the Agent Bank with an offered quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall be determined 
as the Subsequent Reset Rate as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date less the Margin 
applicable as from the last preceding Reset Date plus the Margin applicable as from the current Reset 
Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate 
shall be determined on the basis of the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate being equal to the Initial 
Reset Reference Rate. 
In this Condition 4.1(f), Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market 
for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
selected by the Issuer in consultation with a leading independent investment, merchant or commercial 
bank. 
(g) 
Publication of Subsequent Reset Rates 
The Issuer shall cause notice of each Subsequent Reset Rate determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1 in respect of each relevant Reset Period to be given to the Trustee, the Registrar, the 
Paying Agents, any stock exchange on which the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders, in each case as soon as practicable after its determination but in any event not later than 
the fourth Business Day (as defined below) thereafter. 
(h) 
Agent Bank and Reference Banks 
With effect from the Reset Determination Date relating to the First Reset Date, the Issuer will maintain 
an Agent Bank if not the Principal Paying Agent and five Reference Banks where the Rate of Interest 
is to be calculated by reference to them.  
The Issuer may, with the prior written consent of the Trustee, from time to time replace the Agent 
Bank with another leading financial institution in London or Luxembourg. If the Agent Bank is unable 
or unwilling to continue to act as the Agent Bank or fails duly to determine a Subsequent Reset Rate 
in respect of any Fixed Interest Period as provided in Condition 4.1(f), the Issuer shall forthwith 
appoint another leading financial institution in London or Luxembourg approved in writing by the 
Trustee to act as such in its place. The Agent Bank may not resign its duties or be removed without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(i) 
Determinations Binding 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.1 by the Agent 
Bank or the Reference Banks, as the case may be, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Agent Bank, the Trustee, the Registrar, the other Paying Agents and all Subordinated 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) no liability to the 
Subordinated Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Trustee or the Issuer shall attach to the Agent Bank 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Subordinated Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and, subject to Condition 5, such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Floating 
Rate Subordinated Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 4.3.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms,  the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes; or (ii) if  “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Subordinated 
Notes (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout; or 
(d) 
OIS Compounding. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed 
to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift, 
Compounding with Lockout and OIS Compounding have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes not referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is neither Compounded 
Daily SONIA nor Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time, in the case of NIBOR) (such time, the Reference Time) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case 
as at the Reference Time, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Reference Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period  shall 
be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Reference Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above)

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Reference Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian interbank market (if 
the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 4.2(b)(ii) the expression Reference Banks means, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone interbank market, and in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office 
of four major banks in the Norwegian interbank market, in each case selected by the Issuer 
and approved in writing by the Trustee. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified as being "Compounded Daily SONIA", the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect 
to such Interest Period plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, all as determined and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
 
(I) 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):  
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 y
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 x −1) 𝑥365
𝑑 
where: 
SONIA Compounded Indexx is the SONIA Compounded Index for the day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
SONIA Compounded Indexy is the SONIA Compounded Index for the day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the last day of such Interest Period (but 
which by its definition is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period;

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
provided that if the SONIA Compounded Index required to determine SONIA 
Compounded Indexx  or SONIA Compounded Indexy does not appear on the 
Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source, at 
the Specified Time on the relevant London Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. 
London time or such later time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled 
time for publication of the SONIA Compounded Index in accordance with the 
then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA 
Reference Rate or relevant authorised distributors, as the case may be), 
Compounded Daily SONIA for such Interest Period and each subsequent 
Interest Period shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance 
with paragraph (II) below and for these purposes  the “SONIA Observation 
Method” shall be deemed to be “Shift”; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A)(I) above, the 
rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” 
is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in (where in the applicable Final 
Terms “Lag” is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as 
the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified 
as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in 
the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the SONIA Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
ni, for any London Banking Day “i”, is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day; and 
SONIAi-pLBD means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling 
in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London 
Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such day; or 
d 
n
SONIA 
o 
d 
i
i 
pLBD 
 
 
- 
 
i 
365 
1 
365 
1
1 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 



--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
(b)  
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, “SONIAi-pLBD” shall be replaced in the above 
formula with “SONIAi”, where “SONIAi” means, in respect of any 
London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for such day. 
(B) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be:  
(I) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, the 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or the Minimum Rate of Interest  (as the case 
may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest  (as applicable) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
(II) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first 
scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the 
first scheduled Interest Period). 
(C)         For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(iii): 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
p means the number of London Banking Days included in the SONIA Observation 
Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SONIA Compounded Index means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
compounded daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day as published by the 
Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source, at the Specified Time on such 
London Banking Day;  
SONIA Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
SONIA Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling 
p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
SONIA Reference Rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day, provided that if, in respect of any

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
London Banking Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made available on 
the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then (unless the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and 
any related Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to 
Condition 4.4 below, if applicable) the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such 
London Banking Day shall be: 
(I) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(II) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, then the SONIA Reference Rate in respect 
of such London Banking Day shall be the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors); and 
Specified Time means 10:00 a.m., London time, or such other time as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SOFR 
(A) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest 
Period plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period,  
(I) if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
(
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × (
360
𝑑) 
where: 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day that is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period;

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day that is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
d  is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR IndexStart 
or SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the 
Specified Time on the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or 
by 3:00 pm New York City time on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or such later time falling one hour after 
the customary or scheduled time for publication of the SOFR Index value in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator 
of SOFR Index), "Compounded Daily SOFR" for such Interest Period and each 
Interest Period thereafter will be determined in accordance with Condition 
4.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) below; or 
(II) 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 4.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 4.2(b)(iv)(A)(I) above, the 
rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
d0 is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference 
Rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
(B) 
If a SOFR Benchmark Replacement is required at any time to be used pursuant to 
paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then in connection with 
determining the SOFR Benchmark Replacement:

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
(I) 
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, shall also 
determine the method for determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (a) 
of paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, 
as applicable (including (i) the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service on or source from which such rate appears or is obtained 
(the Relevant Source), (ii) the time at which such rate appears on, or is obtained 
from, the Relevant Source (the Alternative Specified Time), (iii) the day on 
which such rate will appear on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source in 
respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the Relevant Date), 
and (iv) any alternative method for determining such rate if is unavailable at the 
Alternative Specified Time on the applicable Relevant Date), which method 
shall be consistent with industry-accepted practices for such rate; 
(II) 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time shall 
be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time; 
(III) if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, 
determine that (i) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Compounded 
Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference 
Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day or (ii) any other technical 
changes to any other provision described in this Condition 4.2(b)(iv), are 
necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (including 
any alternative method described in sub-paragraph (iv) of paragraph (I) above) 
as the SOFR Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the 
case may be, decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, determine that no market practice for use of the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determine is 
reasonably necessary), the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, at the direction and expense 
of the Issuer and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Subordinated Noteholders use their reasonable endeavours to effect the 
necessary modifications to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency 
Agreement (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency Agreement in a form 
which is acceptable to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) in order to provide for the amendment of such 
definitions or other provisions to reflect such changes; and 
(IV) the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as 
practicable to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, and to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well as the 
details described in paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented 
pursuant to paragraph (III) above. The Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall not be liable to any party for 
any consequences thereof and any amendments implemented pursuant to 
paragraph (III) above shall not increase the obligations or duties, or decrease 
the rights or protections, of the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Trustee, as applicable, in these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Trust Deed unless agreed in writing between the Issuer,

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(iv): 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a 
tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any 
applicable Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the 
spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be 
applied to such ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, the 
rate that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that 
will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
p means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
SOFR Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily 
secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such 
rate (or any successor administrator of such rate); 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; 
SOFR Benchmark means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to SOFR or such other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then "SOFR Benchmark" 
means the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(2) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, provided that, 
(i) if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may 
be, determine that there is an industry-accepted replacement rate of interest for 
the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time, it shall select such industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall 
select such rate of interest that it has determined is most comparable to the then-
current Benchmark, and the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that 
has been selected by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if 
any, to be applied to the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the 
Subordinated Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for 
the purposes of determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread 
adjustment shall be consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, applied to such 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement where it has replaced the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at 
such time; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent means such person that has been appointed 
by the Issuer (at its own cost) to make the calculations and determinations to be made 
by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described herein that may be made by 
either the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or the Issuer, so long as such person 
is a leading bank or other financial institution or a person with appropriate expertise, 
in each case that is experienced in such calculations and determinations. The Issuer 
may elect, but is not required, to appoint a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent at 
any time. The Issuer will notify the Subordinated Noteholders of any such 
appointment in accordance with Condition 16; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto:

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified 
Time for such determination; 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency 
of the SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
compounded daily SOFR rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate 
(or any successor administrator of such rate) on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
SOFR Index value means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the value of the SOFR Index published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such value appears on the by the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 
the Specified Time on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFR Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from such Interest Period);  
SOFR Observation Shift Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
SOFR Reference Rate means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
appearing on the SOFR Administrator’s Website on or about the Specified Time 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (1), unless the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, if any, determine that a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website; or 
(3) 
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determine that 
a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (or, if the then-current SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior 
to the Specified Time on the Relevant Date), then (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this paragraph (3)) from (and including) the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (or the Relevant Date, as applicable) (the Affected 
Day), the SOFR Reference Rate shall mean, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing on, or obtained from, 
the Relevant Source at the Alternative Specified Time on the Relevant Date; 
Specified Time means 3:00 p.m., New York City time or such other time as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement means the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
or any successor organisation recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 4.2(b)(iv), if the Issuer has 
appointed a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent and such SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent is unable to determine whether a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event has occurred or, following the occurrence of a SOFR Benchmark Transition

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
Event, has not selected the SOFR Benchmark Replacement as of the related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date, in accordance with this Condition 4.2(b)(iv) then, in 
such case, the Issuer shall make such determination or select the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement, as the case may be.  
(E)  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this Condition 4.2(b)(iv), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event (including any determination that a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will 
be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Subordinated Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes which are (a) represented by a Global 
Subordinated Note or (b) Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of (x) the Subordinated Notes represented by such Global 
Subordinated Note or (y) such Registered Subordinated Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes which are Bearer Subordinated Notes in 
definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Subordinated Note which is a Bearer Subordinated Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
such Subordinated Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360








--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
















360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360








--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, for such purposes.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed and to the Subordinated 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all 
Subordinated Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Subordinated Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Step Up after Change of Control Event 
If Change of Control Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this 
Condition 4.3 shall apply. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4, if a Change of Control Event occurs and the 
Issuer does not elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 7.8, the then 
prevailing Rate of Interest, and each subsequent Rate of Interest otherwise determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4, in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall be increased by the 
Step Up Margin after Change of Control Event as specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Change of Control Effective Date. The Issuer shall promptly notify the

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, the Trustee and, in accordance with 
Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders of such change to the Rate of Interest. 
4.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 4.1 or 4.2, as the case may be, above (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes or Floating Rate Subordinated Notes other than where the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, in which 
case the provisions of this Condition 4.4 shall not apply), if the Issuer, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to that Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 4.4 shall 
apply. 
(a) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders of such Successor Rate 
and that Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(b) 
subsequently be used by the Principal Paying Agent in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes (subject to the further operation 
of this Condition 4.4). 
If there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determines that there is an Alternative Rate, then the Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Subordinated Noteholders of such Alternative Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(b)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 4.4). 
(b) 
Adjustment Spread 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate, an Adjustment Spread is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, then the 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Subordinated Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall 
apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate. 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is formally recommended 
or provided as an option by any Relevant Nominating Body, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate, the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources 
as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, 
determines that there is an Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
16, the Subordinated Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent 
shall apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate and the Alternative Rate (as the

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component 
part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
If no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, or the Issuer so determines that there is no such Adjustment Spread in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets and the Issuer further 
determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then the Adjustment Spread shall be: 
(i) 
the Adjustment Spread determined by the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and following consultation with an Independent Adviser, as being the 
Adjustment Spread recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or  
(ii) 
if there is no such industry standard recognised or acknowledged, such Adjustment 
Spread as the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines to be appropriate, having 
regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of 
reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the 
Subordinated Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply such 
Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
(c) 
Benchmark Amendments 
 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4.4 and the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determines in its discretion (A) that amendments to these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer and 
subject to the Issuer having given notice thereof (including notice of the information referred 
to in (A) and (B) above) to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Subordinated 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Subordinated Noteholders, use their reasonable endeavours to effect the necessary 
modifications to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement as may be 
required in order to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency Agreement in a form which is 
acceptable to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent) and the Trustee and/or the Principal 
Paying Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof and any Benchmark 
Amendments shall not increase the obligations or duties, or decrease the rights or protections, 
of the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee, as applicable, in these Conditions and/or the

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed unless agreed in writing between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee, as applicable. 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 4.4(c), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4.4(c) shall be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Subordinated Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of such Benchmark Amendments. 
(d) 
Independent Adviser 
In the event the Issuer is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any 
determination to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.4 or Conditions 4.1 and 
4.2(e) above, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.4 or Conditions 4.1 and 4.2(e) 
above shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of 
fraud or wilful default) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee or the 
Subordinated Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.4 
or Conditions 4.1 and 4.2(e) above or otherwise in connection with the Subordinated Notes. 
If the Issuer consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is an Alternative Rate 
and/or any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in relation to the quantum of, 
or any formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread and/or whether any 
Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or in relation to the terms of any such Benchmark 
Amendments, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be 
conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence 
of fraud or wilful default) the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever to the Subordinated 
Noteholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to that matter in 
accordance with any such written determination. 
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Subordinated Notes (acting in such 
capacity), shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Subordinated Noteholders. 
(e) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.4, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 4.2, 4.3, the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless 
and until the Issuer has determined the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of this Condition 4.4. 
(f) 
Rating Event 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate will be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any Benchmark 
Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to cause a Rating Event to occur.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may in either case be 
positive or negative and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) where the Original Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with this Condition 4.4 is used in place of the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Subordinated Notes; 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to such specified date; 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, is prohibited from being used or is no longer representative, or that its 
use is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences or, where such discontinuation, 
prohibition, loss of representativeness, restrictions or adverse consequences are to 
apply from a specified date after the making of any public statement to such effect, 
the later of the date of the making of such public statement and the date falling six 
months prior to such specified date; or 
(iv) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as applicable, become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or 
the Issuer to determine any Rate of Interest and/or calculate any Interest Amount using 
the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate experience appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense; 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Subordinated Notes (provided that 
if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate);

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
OPTIONAL INTEREST DEFERRAL 
5.1 
Deferral of Payments 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer, in whole but not in part, payment of any amount 
of interest which is otherwise scheduled to be paid in respect of the Subordinated Notes on an Interest 
Payment Date (a Deferred Interest Payment) by giving notice (a Deferral Notice) of such election 
to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, the Trustee, the Registrar and the 
Paying Agents not less than 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Subject to Condition 5.2, if the Issuer elects so to defer payment of any such amount of interest on an 
Interest Payment Date, then it will not have any obligation to pay any amount in respect of such interest 
on the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such non-payment of interest will not constitute an 
Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 12) or any other breach of its obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes or any default or breach of obligation by the Issuer for any other purpose. 
Voluntary payment of any amount in respect of the whole or any part of any Deferred Interest 
Payments (Arrears of Interest) may be made at the option of the Issuer at any time (the Optional 
Deferred Interest Settlement Date) following delivery of a notice to such effect given by the Issuer 
to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, the Trustee, the Registrar and the 
Paying Agents not less than 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Deferred Interest 
Settlement Date informing them of its election to so pay such Arrears of Interest, as well as specifying 
the amount of such Arrears of Interest to be so paid and the relevant Optional Deferred Interest 
Settlement Date. 
Any Arrears of Interest shall not accrue or otherwise bear interest and the Issuer shall be under no 
obligation to make payment of any Arrears of Interest and the non-payment of any Arrears of Interest 
will not constitute an Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 12) or any other breach of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes or any default or breach of obligation by the Issuer 
for any other purpose, unless in each case such payment is required in accordance with Condition 5.2, 
which shall be the only circumstances in which any payment of Arrears of Interest shall be required 
to be made by the Issuer. 
5.2 
Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.1 relating to the ability of the Issuer to defer Interest 
Payments, the Issuer shall pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest, in whole and not in part, on the

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
earliest of the following calendar days (each a Mandatory Settlement Date) following the Interest 
Payment Date on which a Deferred Interest Payment first arose: 
(a) 
the calendar day falling 10 Business Days after the day on which a dividend, other distribution 
or other payment was validly resolved for payment on, declared, paid, or made in respect of 
Junior Obligations or Parity Obligations (except where such dividend, other distribution or 
payment was required in respect of any employee share scheme); 
(b) 
the calendar day falling 10 Business Days after the day on which the Issuer or any Subsidiary 
has redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired Junior Obligations or Parity Obligations 
(except where such redemption or repurchase was required in respect of any employee share 
scheme); 
(c) 
the calendar day on which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed; 
(d) 
the next Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer pays interest on the Subordinated Notes 
scheduled to be paid on such Interest Payment Date; or 
(e) 
the calendar day after an order is made for the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer (other than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring while solvent, where the continuing entity assumes 
substantially all of the assets and obligations of the Issuer), 
provided that (i) in the case of each of (a) and (b) above, no Mandatory Settlement Date shall occur if 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary is obliged under the terms and conditions of such Junior Obligations or 
Parity Obligations to make such payment, redemption, repurchase or other acquisition; and (ii) in the 
case (b) above no Mandatory Settlement Date shall occur if the Issuer or any Subsidiary repurchases 
or otherwise acquires any Parity Obligations in whole or in part in a public tender offer or public 
exchange offer at a purchase price per Parity Obligation below its par value. The Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, the Trustee and, in 
accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders of any Mandatory Settlement Date. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender 
or in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes, 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender or in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Subordinated Notes in definitive bearer form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons) upon the date on which any Subordinated Note in 
definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (to include another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet, if appropriate) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant 
to Condition 11). 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Subordinated Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Subordinated Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Subordinated Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Subordinated Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Subordinated Notes represented by any Global 
Subordinated Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified 
above in relation to definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the 
relevant Global Subordinated Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case 
may be, of such Global Subordinated Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Subordinated Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Subordinated Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Subordinated Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made against presentation and surrender of the Registered Subordinated Note at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Subordinated Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Subordinated 
Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the 
third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.  For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non 
resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest (including Arrears of Interest (if any)) in respect of each Registered Subordinated 
Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the due date to the Designated 
Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Subordinated Note 
appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date).  
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Subordinated Note on redemption will be 
made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Subordinated Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Subordinated Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Subordinated Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Subordinated Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Subordinated Notes represented by such Global Subordinated Note and the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Subordinated Note in respect 
of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Subordinated Notes 
represented by such Global Subordinated Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Subordinated Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Subordinated Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of 
principal and/or interest in respect of such Subordinated Notes will be made at the specified office of 
a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Subordinated Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States and other applicable law without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Subordinated Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 11) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 10 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest and Arrears of Interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect 
to interest under Condition 10 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Dated 
Subordinated Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Undated Subordinated Notes are perpetual subordinated notes in respect of which there is no 
fixed redemption date and the Undated Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed by the

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) in accordance with the following provisions 
of this Condition 7. 
(c) 
Subordinated Notes are not redeemable at the option of the Subordinated Noteholders at any 
time. 
7.2 
Issuer's Call Option 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 7.2 
shall apply. 
The Issuer may, having giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Subordinated Notes  (a) if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, at any time during the Issuer Call Period so specified and (b) (i) on the First Reset Date, in the 
case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Fixed Reset Call Date thereafter; or (ii) 
on the Floating Rate Call Date, in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes or any Interest 
Payment Date thereafter, in each case, at their principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the 
expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
7.3 
Redemption upon a Tax Deduction Event 
If Tax Deduction Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this 
Condition 7.3 shall apply.  
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Tax Deduction Event has occurred, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption) and subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in 
the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at 
(a) 
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to; or  
(b) 
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs on or after, 
if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer Call 
Period or, if Issuer Call Period is not so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Date, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or the Floating Rate Call Date, in the case of Floating 
Rate Subordinated Notes, and together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
A Tax Deduction Event has occurred if an opinion of a recognised law firm or accounting firm of 
international standing has been delivered to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar and the Principal 
Paying Agent, stating that by reason of a change in the law or regulation of the Tax Jurisdiction, or 
any change in the official application or interpretation of such law or regulation, becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments under the Subordinated Notes is modified 
and such modification results in payments of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
Subordinated Notes being no longer deductible for corporate income tax purposes in whole or in 
part, and such risk cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. 
7.4 
Redemption upon an Accounting Event 
If Accounting Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 
7.4 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, an Accounting Event has occurred, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption) and subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in 
the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at: 
(a) 
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to; or  
(b) 
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs on or after,  
if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer Call 
Period or, if Issuer Call Period is not so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Date, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or the Floating Rate Call Date, in the case of Floating 
Rate Subordinated Notes, and together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
An Accounting Event has occurred if an accountancy firm of international standing, acting upon 
instructions of the Issuer, has delivered a letter or report to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar and 
the Principal Paying Agent, stating that as a result of a change in accounting principles (or the 
application thereof) since the Issue Date, the Subordinated Notes may not or may no longer be 
recorded as "equity" in the audited annual or the semi-annual consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer pursuant to IFRS or any other accounting standards that may replace IFRS for the purposes of 
preparing the annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer. 
7.5 
Redemption upon a Rating Event 
If Rating Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 7.5 
shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Rating Event has occurred, then 
the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, 
the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and 
subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at: 
(a) 
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to; or  
(b) 
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs on or after,  
if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer Call 
Period or, if Issuer Call Period is not so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Date, in the case

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or the Floating Rate Call Date, in the case of Floating 
Rate Subordinated Notes, and together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
A Rating Event has occurred if the Issuer has received, and has provided the Trustee, the Registrar 
and the Principal Paying Agent with a copy of, written confirmation from any Rating Agency from 
whom the Issuer is assigned Solicited Ratings either directly or via a publication by such Rating 
Agency, that an amendment, clarification or change has occurred in the equity credit criteria of such 
Rating Agency effective after the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes (or, if later, effective after the 
date when the equity credit is assigned to the Subordinated Notes by such Rating Agency for the first 
time), which amendment, clarification or change results in a lower equity credit for the Subordinated 
Notes than the then respective equity credit assigned on the Issue Date, or if equity credit is not 
assigned to the Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date when 
the equity credit is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time. 
Rating Agency means any of the following rating agencies: S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(S&P), Moody’s Investors Service Ltd (Moody’s) or Fitch Ratings Ltd. (Fitch) or any of their 
respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from 
time to time by the Issuer. 
Solicited Ratings means a rating assigned by a Rating Agency with whom the Issuer has a contractual 
relationship under which the Subordinated Notes are assigned a rating. 
7.6 
Redemption upon a Gross-up Event  
If Gross-up Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 
7.6 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Gross-up Event has occurred, then 
the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, 
the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and 
subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at their principal amount, 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption and any 
remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated 
Notes. 
A Gross-up Event has occurred if (i) an opinion of a recognised law firm or accounting firm of 
international standing has been delivered to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar and the Principal 
Paying Agent, stating that, by reason of any change in the law or regulation of the Tax Jurisdiction, or 
the official application or interpretation of such law or regulation in respect of the Issuer affecting 
taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the 
Issuer is required to pay additional amounts on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and (ii) this 
obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. However, no 
such notice of early redemption due to the occurrence of a Gross-up Event may be given (i) earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes was then due, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such additional amounts does not remain in effect. 
7.7 
Redemption upon a Repurchase Event

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
If Repurchase Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 
7.7 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Repurchase Event has occurred, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption) and subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in 
the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at their principal 
amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption and 
any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the 
Subordinated Notes. 
A Repurchase Event has occurred if 75 per cent. or more of the originally issued aggregate principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes (including any further issues pursuant to Condition 19) have been 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer or any Subsidiary pursuant to the provisions of this 
Condition 7. 
7.8 
Redemption for Change of Control Event 
If Change of Control Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this 
Condition 7.8 shall apply. 
If a Change of Control Event has occurred, the Issuer will fix the Change of Control Effective Date 
and give notice of the Change of Control Event and the Change of Control Effective Date within 7 
calendar days following the Change of Control Event (the Change of Control Notice). The Issuer 
may, subject to having given not less than 45 days’ notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal 
Paying Agent after publication of the Change of Control Notice and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Change of 
Control Effective Date), redeem in accordance with these Conditions on the Change of Control 
Effective Date all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at their principal amount, together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining 
Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
A Change of Control Event occurs when a person or persons (in each case, other than Avisco Limited 
and/or Avisco Group Limited and/or Gabrilet Limited), acting together, acquire Control of the Issuer 
(a Change of Control), and immediately prior to the commencement of the Change of Control Period, 
the Issuer carries (with the agreement of the Issuer) from any Rating Agency: (x) an investment grade 
credit rating (Baa3 by Moody’s, BBB- by S&P, BBB- by Fitch, or equivalent, or better), and such 
rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period either downgraded to a non-
investment grade credit rating (Ba1 by Moody’s, BB+ by S&P, BB+ by Fitch or equivalent, or worse) 
or withdrawn and is not within such Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency or (in the case of 
withdrawal) replaced by an investment grade credit rating from any other Rating Agency; or (y) a non-
investment grade credit rating (Ba1 by Moody’s, BB+ by S&P, BB+ by Fitch or equivalent, or worse), 
and such rating from any Rating Agency is within such Change of Control Period downgraded by one 
or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and is not within such Change of Control 
Period subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency, provided 
that if, immediately prior to the commencement of the Change of Control Period, the Issuer carries 
(with the agreement of the Issuer) a rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which 
is investment grade, then subparagraph (x) will apply; and in making the relevant decision(s) referred 
to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such 
decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control. If the rating

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those which are described in this 
Condition, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of the Rating Agency (as appropriate) as 
are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of the Rating Agency and this Condition shall be 
read accordingly. 
Control means (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights of the 
Issuer; or (ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the Issuer’s 
board of directors or other governing body, in each case, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and 
whether obtained by the ownership of Share Capital, by the possession of Voting Rights, by contract, 
trust or otherwise. 
Change of Control Effective Date means the date fixed by the Issuer in the Change of Control Notice, 
which: 
(i) 
must be a Business Day; 
(ii) 
must fall not less than 45 days and not more than 60 days after publication of the Change 
of Control Notice; and 
(iii) 
must, if at the relevant time any Qualifying Debt Securities are outstanding, be at least one 
day after the date on which a put notice of the holders of the Qualifying Debt Securities due 
to the Change of Control (or a similar concept) becomes effective. 
Change of Control Period means the period (i) commencing on the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control, and (ii) ending on the date which is 120 days after 
the date on which the relevant Change of Control occurs.  
Qualifying Debt Securities means any current or future indebtedness that: 
(i) 
is in the form of, or represented by, a certificate of indebtedness or notes or other securities 
which are or are capable of being quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other 
recognised securities market, including Schuldscheine (whether or not initially distributed by 
way of private placement); 
(ii) 
is either issued directly by the Issuer or indirectly by any other entity and benefits from a 
guarantee of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
is not subordinated; and  
(iv) 
benefits from a rating from a Rating Agency. 
7.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Subordinated Notes (provided 
that, in the case of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such 
Subordinated Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any 
Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Subordinated Notes which are redeemed or substituted by the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time 
of redemption).  All Subordinated Notes so cancelled and any Subordinated Notes purchased and

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8. 
SUBSTITUTION OR VARIATION 
If a Tax Deduction Event, an Accounting Event, a Rating Event or a Gross-up Event (subject to any 
such event being specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) (each a Substitution or 
Variation Event) has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to Condition 9 (without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders) and subject to its 
having satisfied the Trustee immediately prior to the giving of any notice referred to herein that the 
provisions of this Condition 8 have been complied with, and having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time either: 
(a) 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes; or  
(b) 
vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes with the effect that they remain or become (as the 
case may be), Qualifying Subordinated Notes,  
and the Trustee shall (subject to the following provisions of this Condition 8 and subject to the receipt 
by it of the certificate of two members of the board of directors of the Issuer referred to in Condition 
9) agree to such substitution or variation. 
Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or, as the case may be, substitute 
the Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 8. 
The Trustee shall, at the expense of the Issuer, use reasonable endeavours to assist the Issuer in the 
substitution of the Subordinated Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the Subordinated Notes so 
that they remain, or as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, provided that the Trustee 
shall not be obliged to participate in, or assist with, any such substitution or variation if the terms of 
the proposed Qualifying Subordinated Notes or the participation in or assistance with such substitution 
or variation would impose, in the Trustee's opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
liabilities or reduce its protections. If the Trustee does not participate or assist as provided above, the 
Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes as provided in Condition 7. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 8, the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a 
Substitution or Variation Event shall only be permitted if it does not give rise to any other Substitution 
or Variation Event with respect to the Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a 
Substitution or Variation Event shall only be permitted if it does not result in the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes no longer being eligible for the same, or a higher amount of, "equity credit" (or 
such other nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an 
instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) as is attributed to the Subordinated Notes 
on the date notice is given to Subordinated Noteholders of the substitution or variation. 
In these Conditions:  
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means subordinated notes that:

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
(a) 
are issued by the Issuer or any wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer 
with a guarantee of such obligations by the Issuer; 
(b) 
rank and (save in the case of a direct issue by the Issuer) benefit from a guarantee that ranks 
in relation to the obligations of the Issuer under such subordinated notes and/or such guarantee 
(as the case may be), equally with the Subordinated Notes and pari passu in a winding-up or 
liquidation of the Issuer with any Parity Obligations; 
(c) 
contain terms not materially less favourable to Subordinated Noteholders than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) and which: 
(i) 
provide for the same Rate of Interest from time to time as applied to the Subordinated 
Notes immediately prior to such substitution or variation and preserve the same 
Interest Payment Dates; 
(ii) 
preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any 
right) of the Issuer as to principal and as to redemption of the Subordinated Notes, 
including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such 
redemption; 
(iii) 
preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any accrued interest, any 
Deferred Interest Payments, any Arrears of Interest and any other amounts payable 
under the Subordinated Notes which, in each case, has accrued to Subordinated 
Noteholders and not been paid; 
(iv) 
do not provide for the mandatory deferral or cancellation of payments of interest 
and/or principal; 
(v) 
do not provide for loss absorption through principal write down or conversion to 
ordinary shares; and 
(vi) 
may include a feature which contains a term for the mandatory repayment of such 
subordinated notes on a specified date which shall not be earlier than the next 
following date on which the Subordinated Notes may otherwise be redeemed under 
Condition 7.2 (and the inclusion of such feature shall be deemed not to be materially 
less favourable to Subordinated Noteholders as compared with the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes); 
(d) 
are (i) listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated 
market or (ii) listed on such other internationally recognised exchange platform in an OECD 
country as is selected by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee; and 
(e) 
will, immediately after such substitution or variation, be assigned at least the same credit 
rating(s) by the same Rating Agencies as may have been assigned to the Subordinated Notes 
at the invitation of the Issuer immediately prior to such substitution or variation. 
9. 
PRECONDITIONS TO TAX DEDUCTION EVENT, ACCOUNTING EVENT, RATING 
EVENT, GROSS-UP EVENT, REPURCHASE EVENT, SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Conditions 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7 or 
any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee: 
(a) 
a certificate signed by two members of the board of directors of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. In relation 
to a substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8, such certificate shall also include further 
certifications that the criteria specified in paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes will be satisfied by the Qualifying Subordinated Notes upon issue and 
that such determinations were reached by the Issuer in consultation with an independent 
investment bank of international repute, an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
expertise or independent counsel of recognised standing; 
(b) 
in the case of a substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8 only, an opinion from 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing confirming: 
(i) 
that the Issuer has capacity to assume all rights and obligations under the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes and has obtained all necessary corporate or governmental 
authorisation to assume all such rights and obligations (either as primary debtor or as 
a guarantor of a wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer that 
assumes the role of primary debtor in respect of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) 
and, in the case of a wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer 
that assumes the role of primary debtor in respect of the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes, that such finance subsidiary has capacity to assume all rights and obligations 
under the Qualifying Subordinated Notes and has obtained all necessary corporate or 
governmental authorisation to assume all such rights and obligations; and 
(ii) 
the legality, validity and enforceability of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes, 
and the Trustee may rely absolutely upon and shall be entitled to accept such certificate and 
any such opinions without any liability to any person for so doing and without any further 
inquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in such 
paragraphs in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Subordinated Noteholders. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether any Tax Deduction Event, Accounting event, 
Rating Event, Gross-up Event, Repurchase event, Change of Control Event or Change of Control or 
any event which could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, any such Tax Deduction Event, 
Accounting event, Rating Event, Gross-up Event, Repurchase event, Change of Control Event or 
Change of Control, has occurred and, until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice pursuant 
to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no such Tax Deduction Event, 
Accounting event, Rating Event, Gross-up Event, Repurchase event, Change of Control Event or 
Change of Control or such other event has occurred. 
10. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Subordinated Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Luxembourg; or

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Subordinated Note or 
Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of such Subordinated Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6).  
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. 
11. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Subordinated Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 11 or Condition 6.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
12. 
ENFORCEMENT 
12.1 
Proceedings 
If a default is made by the Issuer in the payment of any principal or any interest (including any Arrears 
of Interest) when due in respect of the Subordinated Notes or any of them and the default continues 
for a period of 30 days (an Enforcement Event), then the Issuer shall without notice from the Trustee 
be deemed to be in default under the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons and the 
Trustee at its sole discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the Subordinated Noteholders of 
at least 51 per cent. in principal amount of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding or if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject to Condition 12.3), institute proceedings for the winding-
up of the Issuer.  
Subject to the next paragraph, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, (whether instituted by the 
Trustee as aforesaid or otherwise), any Subordinated Notes will become immediately due and payable 
at their principal amount together with all accrued and unpaid interest in respect thereof, and the 
Trustee may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 51 per cent. in principal amount 
of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall 
(subject to Condition 12.3), prove and/or claim in such winding-up in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes, such claim being for such amount, and being subordinated in such manner, as is provided under 
Condition 3.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
A winding-up includes, without limitation, any procedure or proceeding in relation to an entity 
becoming bankrupt (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation, composition with creditors 
(concordat préventif de la faillite), moratorium or reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), 
controlled management (gestion contrôlée), general settlement with creditors, reorganisation or any 
other similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally under Luxembourg law, and shall 
be construed so as to include any equivalent or analogous liquidation or reorganisation proceedings. 
12.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at its discretion (subject to Condition 12.3) and without further notice institute such 
proceedings or take such steps or actions against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any term or 
condition binding on the Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons but in 
no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, steps or actions, be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
12.3 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
The Trustee shall not be bound to take any of the actions referred to in Condition 12.1 or 12.2 above 
to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes or any other action or step under or 
pursuant to the Trust Deed or the Subordinated Notes unless (i) it shall have been so requested by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Subordinated Noteholders or in writing by the holders of at least 51 
per cent. in principal amount of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
12.4 
Right of Subordinated Noteholders 
No Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
or to institute proceedings for the winding-up or claim in the liquidation of the Issuer or to prove in 
such winding-up unless the Trustee, having become so bound to proceed, institute, prove or claim, (i) 
fails to do so within 60 days or (ii) is unable for any reason so to do, and such failure or inability shall 
be continuing, in which case the Subordinated Noteholder shall have only such rights in respect of its 
Subordinated Notes against the Issuer as those which the Trustee is entitled to exercise in respect of 
such Subordinated Notes as set out in this Condition 12. 
12.5 
Extent of Subordinated Noteholders' remedy 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 12 shall be available to the 
Trustee, the Subordinated Noteholders or the Couponholders, whether for the recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or under the Trust Deed or in respect of any 
other breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Coupons or under the Trust Deed. 
Nothing in this Condition 12 shall affect or prejudice the payment of the costs, charges, expenses, 
liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee or Agents or the rights and remedies of the Trustee or the 
Agents in respect thereof. 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF SUBORDINATED NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Subordinated Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Subordinated Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes) upon 
payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and 
on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced 
Subordinated Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
14. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;  
(b) 
so long as the Subordinated Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by 
any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Subordinated Notes) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes) with 
a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority;  
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(d) 
whenever a function expressed in these Conditions to be performed by the Agent Bank or by 
the Reference Banks fails to be performed, the Issuer will appoint and (for so long as such 
function is required to be performed) there will at all times be an Agent Bank and/or, as 
appropriate, Reference Banks.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Subordinated Noteholders promptly by 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16. If any of the Registrar, the Agent Bank or the Principal 
Paying Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if it fails to make a determination or calculation 
or otherwise fails to perform its duties under these Conditions or the Agency Agreement (as the case 
may be), the Issuer shall appoint, an independent financial institution to act as such in its place. All 
calculations and determinations made by the Agent Bank or the Principal Paying Agent in relation to 
the Subordinated Notes shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the other Agents and the Subordinated Noteholders. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of 
agency or trust with, any Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
15. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Subordinated Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 11.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
16. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Subordinated Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published 
in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on 
such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Subordinated Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by 
first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of 
joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Subordinated 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Subordinated Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Subordinated Notes representing the Subordinated Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) 
or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Subordinated Notes and, in addition, for so long as any 
Subordinated Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Subordinated Notes on the 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Subordinated Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Subordinated Note in definitive form) with the relative Subordinated Note 
or Subordinated Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Subordinated Notes) or 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes).  Whilst any of the Subordinated Notes 
are represented by a Global Subordinated Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Subordinated Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
17. 
MEETINGS OF SUBORDINATED NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Subordinated Noteholders 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of 
the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed.  Such a meeting may 
be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by 
Subordinated Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Subordinated Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying any 
redemption date of the Subordinated Notes, reducing or cancelling the nominal amount payable upon 
redemption, reducing or cancelling the amount payable or modifying any date for payment of interest 
or the method of calculating the rate thereon and altering the currency of payment of the Subordinated 
Notes or the Coupons in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than one-quarter in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding.  
The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such 
resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent 
given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to 
the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Subordinated Noteholders.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Subordinated 
Noteholders will be binding on all the Subordinated Noteholders, whether or not they are present at 
any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The agreement or approval of the Subordinated Noteholders shall not be required in the case of any 
variation of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed which is required to be made in 
the circumstances described in Condition 8 in connection with the substitution or variation of the terms 
of the Subordinated Notes so that they become Qualifying Subordinated Notes under Condition 8. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders, to 
any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of the Subordinated Notes or the Trust Deed where it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Subordinated Noteholders so to do or may agree, without 
any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
to correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven.  Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Subordinated Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to agree to such modifications to the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to Conditions 4.4(c) and 
4.2(b)(iv) in connection with effecting (i) any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and Adjustment Spread 
and/or (ii) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR 
Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, or, in each case, any related changes 
referred to in Conditions 4.4(c) and 4.2(b)(iv) respectively, without the requirement for the consent or 
sanction of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have 
regard to the general interests of the Subordinated Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to 
any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Subordinated Noteholders or 
Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-
division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Subordinated Noteholder 
or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual 
Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 10 
and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 10 pursuant 
to the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal 
debtor under the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being (A) 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer; or (B) any Successor in Business, in each case, subject to (i) (except in the 
case of a Successor in Business) the Subordinated Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Issuer, (ii) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Subordinated 
Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution and (iii) certain other conditions set 
out in the Trust Deed being complied with including that none of the early redemption events specified 
in Conditions 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6 occurs as a consequence of the substitution of the Issuer. 
As used herein, Successor in Business means: 
(a) 
any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Issuer with any other corporation (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the Issuer is the continuing 
corporation); or 
(b) 
any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Issuer to another entity 
(whether by operation of law or otherwise). 
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended (the Companies Law) shall not apply. 
18. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for 
the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard 
to the interests of, or consequences for, the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to 
retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby 
or in connection therewith.  
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders 
or the Couponholders to create and issue further Subordinated Notes having terms and conditions the 
same as the Subordinated Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Subordinated Notes. 
20. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Subordinated Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
21. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
21.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law save for the provisions contained in Condition 3 which shall be governed by Luxembourg law.  
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Law shall not apply. 
21.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 21.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes and/or 
the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Subordinated 
Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee and 
any Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 21.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Subordinated Noteholders and the 
Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other 
court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
21.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Law 
Debenture Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any 
process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
21.4 
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit. If in respect of an issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Formation, Incorporation, Registered Office, Commercial Name, Financial Year  
The Issuer is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) duly governed by the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg (Luxembourg), in particular by the Companies Law, and is registered with the 
Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés) under the registration 
number B217868. The Issuer was incorporated on 7 May 2004 in Cyprus under the name Redspot Media 
Limited. The commercial name of the Issuer is Aroundtown. The duration of the Issuer is unlimited.  
The address and registered office of the Issuer is at 40, Rue du Curé, L-1368 Luxembourg. The telephone 
number of the Issuer's registered office is +352 288 313. 
Group Structure 
The Issuer is the parent company of Aroundtown, which consists of approximately 1,400 companies. These 
companies are located primarily in Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Cyprus. The Issuer conducts 
its business through itself and through the other members of Aroundtown. 
The Issuer's shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with 
simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with additional post-admission obligations 
(Prime Standard) (ISIN: LU1673108939). As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer holds 
approximately 80% of the shares of TLG, which is admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (General Standard). The Issuer also holds approximately 45% of the shares in GCP, which is 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with simultaneous admission to 
the sub-segment of the regulated market with additional post-admission obligations (Prime Standard) (ISIN: 
LU0775917882). 
The following diagram sets forth the structure of the Issuer in a simplified form as of the date of this Offering 
Circular:  
 
(1) Holding rate of 40%, held indirectly through Edolaxia Group, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company. 
(3) TLG Immobilien AG is a publicly listed company. Aroundtown holds 79.9% in TLG Immobilien AG though direct holdings and 
wholly owned subsidiaries. 
(4) Property companies located in several countries and are primarily, but not always, located in the same country of the underlying 
asset. 
Grand City 
Prop,rties S.A (1J 
(public company 
ATF 
Netherlands 
B.V. 
AT 
Securities 
B.V. 
Aronndtown 
Limited 
Property Companies (J) 
Aroundtown SA 
Dutch Sub-holding 
Companies 
Prope.rty Companies (4) 
Primed~-
Inns.tment P1c 
Cypriot Sub-holding 
Companies 
Cypriot Sub-holding 
Companies 
German Property 
Companies 
TLG Immobilien 
AG <~ 
(public compan.y)

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
Business Overview 
The Issuer is a specialist real estate company, with a focus on income generating quality properties with value-
add potential in central locations in top tier cities primarily in the German and Dutch real estate markets. 
Aroundtown invests in commercial and residential real estate assets which benefit from strong fundamentals 
and growth prospects. 
Operating with a fully integrated real estate value chain, Aroundtown targets cash generating properties with 
upside potential in terms of rental income and/or occupancy, lease and tenant structure, cost level optimisation 
and consequential value. Through an intensive property operational repositioning, Aroundtown seeks to further 
improve the portfolio results, creating secure and strong cash flow generating characteristics and benefits from 
the internal growth potential. This enables the Issuer to create significant value in its portfolio. 
History 
The Issuer has been active in the German real estate market since 2004 and has built a diversified and growing 
real estate portfolio consisting primarily of commercial and residential real estate in Germany, the Netherlands 
and the UK. The Issuer holds residential real estate through its subsidiary GCP, a publicly traded specialist 
residential real estate company which invests in densely populated areas primarily in Germany.  
The Issuer was founded as a private limited liability company in Cyprus in May 2004 under the name Redspot 
Media Limited and changed its name to Aroundtown Property Holdings Limited in October 2004. In 
November 2014, the Issuer became a public limited liability company in Cyprus under the name Aroundtown 
Property Holdings plc. On 13 September 2017, the Issuer completed the transfer of its registered office and 
principal place of business from the Republic of Cyprus to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, without 
dissolution and with full corporate and legal continuance as a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) under the name Aroundtown SA. The shares of the Issuer were listed on the Paris Euronext stock 
exchange from June 2015 until December 2017 and are currently admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with 
additional post-admission obligations (Prime Standard). GCP’s shares were included on the Open Market of 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in the Entry Standard segment in May 2012. In May 2017, GCP’s shares were 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with simultaneous admission to 
the sub-segment of the regulated market with additional post-admission obligations (Prime Standard). In July 
2021, the Issuer resolved upon the accounting consolidation of GCP in its financial statements, effective as of 
1 July 2021. The decision followed a thorough analysis of several cumulative circumstances which resulted, 
from an accounting perspective in a position of de facto control, as defined under IFRS. Starting from the 
period following the initial deconsolidation of GCP until the accounting consolidation starting on 1 July 2021, 
GCP was included in Aroundtown’s financial statements as an equity accounted investee. In December 2019, 
the Issuer commenced a voluntary public takeover offer for all the shares in TLG, which concluded in February 
2020 with an acceptance rate of 77.5%. 
In December 2015, S&P assigned the Issuer an investment grade long term corporate credit rating of "BBB", 
and in June 2016, S&P upgraded the Issuer's credit rating to "BBB" with a stable outlook. In December 2016, 
S&P assigned the Issuer a short-term corporate credit rating of "A-2". In December 2017, S&P upgraded the 
Issuer’s credit rating to "BBB+" with a stable outlook. 
Since 2014, the Issuer has completed a number of capital markets transactions and raised over €20 billion, 
including gross proceeds from share capital increases and the issuance of perpetual notes, mandatory 
convertible notes, convertible bonds, straight bonds and other financing instruments, such as Schuldscheine 
issuances in Germany. 
Since its listing on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in 2012, GCP has successfully accessed the capital markets 
and issued shares and debt securities in an aggregate volume of approximately €7 billion, including gross 
proceeds from share capital increases and the issuance of perpetual notes, convertible bonds and straight bonds.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
Recent Developments 
As at 30 June 2021, an amount of €493.2 million was presented as a disposal group held for sale, of which 
€478.5 million comprised of investment property. This is in line with the strategic decision to strengthen the 
Group’s core real estate portfolio. Aroundtown expects to complete the plan to sell the outstanding assets 
within the next twelve months. 
Following the shareholder authorisation received by the ordinary general meeting (OGM) in May 2020, on 25 
March 2021, the Issuer’s Board of Directors (as defined herein) resolved on a new share buy-back programme 
with a buy-back volume of up to €500 million and a limit of 100 million shares. The share buy-back programme 
began on 26 March 2021 and is expected to be finalised by 31 December 2021 at the latest.  
As at June 2021, the Group had commitments for future capital expenditures on the real estate properties and 
others of approximately €0.2 billion. Furthermore, the Group had signed several deals to sell real estate at a 
volume of approximately €0.1 billion with estimated completion dates within the next twelve months. 
On 20 October 2021, Aroundtown decided to submit an offer to shareholders of TLG to purchase all no-par 
value bearer shares of TLG (the TLG Shares) by way of a public delisting tender offer (the Offer). Under the 
Offer, the Company will offer €31.67 in cash as consideration for each TLG Share tendered for acceptance, 
subject to determination of the minimum price and the final determination in the corresponding offer 
document. As a public delisting tender offer, the Offer will not be subject to any closing conditions, and will, 
in particular, not include a minimum acceptance threshold. The Offer is designed to satisfy the criteria for 
revocation of the TLG Shares' admission to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
Aroundtown has also entered into a delisting agreement with TLG. The delisting agreement provides that TLG 
will support the Offer and will file an application for the revocation of the admission to trading of the TLG 
Shares on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange prior to expiry of the acceptance period. The 
offer consideration in cash corresponds to the highest consideration paid by Aroundtown for the acquisition of 
TLG Shares within the last six months and therefore exceeds the domestic volume-weighted average stock 
exchange price of TLG Shares during the last six months prior to the announcement of the Offer (the Six-
Months VWAP), calculated on the basis of publicly available information. In case the German Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) notifies 
Aroundtown of a higher statutory minimum price as a result of its determination of the Six-Months VWAP, 
the price under the Offer will amount to the Six-Months VWAP determined by BaFin as the statutory minimum 
price. Due to non-tender agreements entered or expected to be entered into, the Issuer assumes that 
approximately 21,172,173 TLG Shares will not be acquired under the Offer. Once BaFin has approved 
publication, the offer document will be published in accordance with the German Securities Acquisition and 
Takeover Act and the acceptance period for the Offer will begin. Aroundtown expects the acceptance period 
to run from the beginning of November 2021 to the beginning of December 2021. 
The Property Portfolio 
Overview 
As at 30 June 2021, the Issuer assessed the total market value of its real estate portfolio, excluding assets held 
for sale and its relative share in its associates, at €20.9 billion (as compared to €21.2 billion as at 31 December 
2020). The decrease since 31 December 2020 is based mainly on the net disposals of properties and no 
significant acquisitions during the first half of 2021. 
As at 30 June 2021, excluding assets held for sale, Aroundtown’s portfolio includes 6.7 million square meters 
of office, hotel, retail and logistics/other real estate primarily in large urban areas in Germany, such as Berlin, 
Frankfurt, Munich, North Rhine Westphalia (NRW), Hamburg/Lüneburger Heide, Hannover, 
Wiesbaden/Mainz/Mannheim, Stuttgart and Dresden/Leipzig, as well as in Amsterdam, Rotterdam and Utrecht 
in the Netherlands, and London in the UK.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
As of June 2021, GCP held approximately 60,000 units located in primarily densely populated areas in 
Germany, such as Berlin, NRW, Dresden, Leipzig, Mannheim, Halle, Nuremberg, Munich, Mannheim, 
Frankfurt, Bremen, Hamburg and Hannover, accompanied by an exposure to London. As at June 2021, GCP 
assessed the total market value of its real estate portfolio at €8.4 billion. Unless otherwise indicated, the 
information presented in this Offering Circular regarding the Group’s property portfolio is based on the fair 
value assessment of the relevant properties as of the relevant date and includes, in addition to the Commercial 
Portfolio of Aroundtown, a proportional part of the property portfolio of GCP based on the Issuer's interest in 
GCP, as of June 2021. All information in this Offering Circular relating to GCP has been taken from 
information made publicly available by GCP. 
As of 30 June 2021, the Group’s portfolio, including its proportion in GCP, amounts to €25 billion and consists 
of 51% office, 15% residential (through its holding in GCP), 24% hotels, 3% logistics/other and 7% retail. 
 
*including proportion in GCP and development rights & invest 
Portfolio Geographical Breakdown by Value 
 
*including proportion in GCP and development rights & invest 
Commercial Portfolio 
The Commercial Portfolio includes a comprehensive tenant base of approximately 3,500 tenants as of June 
2021, which is diversified over a wide range of market sectors. Primary tenants in the Portfolio include Center 
Parcs, Siemens, the German federal and regional governments, Deutsche Bundesbank, Deutsche Bahn, 
Allianz, Hilton, VBG Verwaltungs-Berufsgenossenschaft and others. As of June 2021, the Commercial 
Portfolio generated an average monthly in-place rent of €11.5 per square meter. The EPRA Vacancy Rate as 
of June 2021 was 8.9%. As of June 2021, the WALT of the Commercial Portfolio was approximately 8.9 
years.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
As of June 2021, the monthly annualised net rental income for the Commercial Portfolio was €861 million. 
Office Geographical Breakdown by Value 
 
The Commercial Portfolio also includes hotel assets with a total value of €5.5 billion as of 30 June 2021, 
consisting of 1.8 million square meters in key locations throughout Germany and major Western European 
metropolitans. Aroundtown's hotels are leased primarily on a long-term basis to third party tenants.  
The tenants of Aroundtown's hotel assets have entered into franchise agreements mainly with the following 
hotel brand franchisor enterprises: Center Parcs, InterContinental, Hilton, Sheraton, Crowne Plaza, Marriott, 
Radisson Hotel Group, Steigenberger, Hyatt, Holiday Inn, Wyndham, Doubletree by Hilton, TRYP by 
Wyndham, Mercure, ibis, Best Western, Novum Group, Wyndham GARDEN, Days Inn, NH Hotel Group, 
Meliã Hotels, Accor Hotels and Seminaris. The majority of Aroundtown's hotel assets are categorised as “4 
star” properties, which the Issuer believes allows them to meet the rising market demand for both business and 
leisure travel.  
Hotel Distribution by Star Category 
 
Hotel Geographical Breakdown by Value

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
 
The following tables provide a breakdown of the Commercial Portfolio by asset type and by region. 
Commercial Portfolio Breakdown by Asset Type 
June 2021 
Investment 
properties  
(in €M) 
Lettable 
area  
(in 
000' 
sqm) 
EPRA 
vacancy 
Annualized net rent 
(in €M) 
In-place rent  per 
sqm (in €) 
Value per 
sqm  
(in €) 
Rental 
yield 
Office 
11,478 
3,733 
11.2% 
467 
11.2 
3,075 
4.1% 
Hotel 
5,461 
1,754 
3.9% 
291 
14.2 
3,114 
5.3% 
Retail 
1,568 
693 
10.4% 
78 
10.1 
2,262 
5.0% 
Logistics/Other 
472 
523 
12.3% 
25 
4.6 
902 
5.3% 
Development rights & 
Invest 
1,920 
  
Total 
20,899 
6,703 
8.9% 
861 
11.5 
2,831 
4.5% 
 
Commercial Portfolio Breakdown by Region 
 
June 2021 
Investment 
properties  
(in €M) 
Lettable 
area  
(in 
000' 
sqm) 
EPRA 
vacancy 
Annualise
d net rent 
(in €M) 
In-
place 
rent per 
sqm (in 
€) 
Value per 
sqm  
(in €) 
Rental 
yield 
Berlin 
4,562 
1,082 
7.7% 
157 
12.8 
4,217 
3.4% 
NRW 
1,892 
821 
10.3% 
93 
10.3 
2,303 
4.9% 
Frankfurt 
1,818 
493 
13.8% 
71 
13.9 
3,686 
3.9% 
Munich 
1,787 
553 
7.9% 
52 
7.9 
3,234 
2.9% 
Dresden/Leipzig/Halle 
959 
452 
5.3% 
52 
9.8 
2,121 
5.4% 
Amsterdam 
621 
158 
10.4% 
26 
14.1 
3,938 
4.1% 
Hamburg/LH 
575 
244 
6.1% 
30 
10.8 
2,357 
5.2% 
London 
547 
102 
8.6% 
27 
25.2 
5,380 
5.0% 
Wiesbaden/Mainz/Mannheim 
416 
154 
8.3% 
21 
11.9 
2,708 
5.1% 
Stuttgart/BB 
384 
149 
9.6% 
19 
12.0 
2,573 
5.0% 
Hannover 
364 
188 
11.7% 
16 
8.2 
1,929 
4.4% 
Rotterdam 
258 
100 
4.9% 
16 
13.3 
2,588 
6.4% 
Utrecht 
216 
93 
15.0% 
12 
11.6 
2,320 
5.5% 
Other 
4,580 
2,114 
8.4% 
269 
11.5 
2,167 
5.9% 
Development rights & Invest 
1,920 
Total 
20,899 
6,703 
8.9% 
861 
11.5 
2,831 
4.5% 
GCP residential portfolio 
As 30 June 2021, GCP assessed the total market value of its real estate portfolio at €8.4 billion (as compared 
to €8.0 billion as at 31 December 2020). The following table provides an overview on certain key information 
for the GCP’s real estate portfolio as of 30 June 2021. Unless otherwise indicated, the figures in the table have 
been extracted from GCP’s Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2021: 
June 2021 
Value  
(in €M) 
Area  
(in k 
sqm) 
EPRA  
Vacancy 
Annualised  
net rent  
(in €M) 
In-place 
rent   
per sqm 
(in €) 
Number of 
units 
Value  
per sqm 
(in €) 
Rental 
yield 
NRW 
1,424 
947 
6.0% 
70 
6.3 
13,313 
1,505 
4.9% 
Berlin 
1,946 
583 
4.7% 
59 
8.5 
8,017 
3,336 
3.0% 
Dresden/Leipzig/Halle 
1,060 
816 
5.1% 
51 
5.5 
14,007 
1,299 
4.8% 
Mannheim/KL/Frankfurt/Mainz 
411 
194 
3.1% 
20 
8.4 
3,292 
2,121 
4.8% 
Nuremberg/Fürth/Munich 
230 
98 
5.4% 
10 
8.4 
1,358 
2,341 
4.3% 
Hamburg/Bremen 
362 
268 
6.5% 
20 
6.5 
4,050 
1,351 
5.5% 
London 
1,591 
190 
7.3% 
68 
32.3 
3,356 
8,357 
4.3% 
Others 
944 
724 
5.4% 
56 
7.0 
12,308 
1,302 
5.9% 
Development rights and new 
buildings* 
419 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
8,387 
3,820 
5.7% 
354 
8.0 
59,701 
2,085 
4.4% 
* of which pre-marketed buildings in London amount to €241 million

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
 
As of June 2021, GCP's property portfolio generated an average monthly in-place rent of €8.0 per square meter, 
with an EPRA Vacancy Rate of 5.7%. As of June 2021, the monthly annualised net rental income for GCP's 
property portfolio was €354 million.  
Regional distribution  
GCP focuses on properties in densely populated areas in Germany. As of 30 June 2021, GCP’s portfolio 
comprised 13,313 units situated in NRW, 8,017 units in Berlin, 14,007 units in Dresden, Leipzig and Halle, 
3,292 units in Mannheim/Kaiserslautern, Frankfurt and Mainz, 1,358 units in Nuremberg, Fürth and Munich, 
4,050 units in Bremen and Hamburg, 3,356 units in London (excluding pre-marketed units, and the total 
London portfolio including pre-marketed units consists of approximately 4,100 units) and 12,308 units in other 
densely populated regions. The following chart shows GCP’s real estate portfolio broken down by regions in 
percentages according to fair value as of 30 June 2021:  
 
  
As of 30 June 2021, GCP’s portfolio comprised 13,313 units situated in NRW. The following chart shows the 
distribution of units within NRW in percentages according to fair value.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
 
As of 30 June 2021, GCP’s portfolio comprised 8,017 units situated in Berlin. The following graphic shows 
the distribution of units within Berlin.  
 
 
 
As of 30 June 2021, 70% of the Berlin portfolio is located in top tier neighbourhoods such as Charlottenburg, 
Wilmersdorf, Mitte, Kreuzberg, Lichtenberg, Schöneberg, Neukölln, Steglitz and Potsdam. The remaining 
30% is well located primarily in Reinickendorf, Treptow, Köpenick and Marzahn-Hellersdorf. 
As of 30 June 2021, GCP’s portfolio comprised 14,007 units situated in the cities of Dresden, Leipzig and 
Halle. The following chart shows the distribution of units within Dresden, Leipzig and Halle in percentages 
according to fair value.  
 
 
 
As of 30 June 2021, GCP’s portfolio comprised 4,050 units situated in the cities of Bremen and Hamburg. The 
following chart shows the distribution of units within Bremen and Hamburg in percentages according to fair 
value.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
As of 30 June 2021, GCP’s portfolio comprised approximately 4,100 units situated in London, including pre-
marketed units. The following graphic shows the distribution of units within London. 
Map represents over 90% of the London portfolio 
Business Operations 
Overview 
Aroundtown invests in commercial and residential real estate assets which it believes benefit from strong 
fundamentals and growth prospects. Aroundtown's focus is on major cities and metropolitan areas with positive 
demographic prospects. Aroundtown targets in particular cash generating properties with upside potential in 
terms of rental income and/or occupancy, lease and tenant structure, WALT, cost level optimisation and 
resulting value.  
Aroundtown manages the entire real estate value chain of its properties, across acquisition, letting, upkeep and 
refurbishment. Aroundtown believes that this integrated approach brings further efficiency benefits and a 
preferred landlord status to Aroundtown and fast response times to its tenants. While Aroundtown’s portfolio 
management is centrally organised, Aroundtown’s asset management, sales and marketing activities are 
organised locally to better capture regional demand and necessities. 
The following chart provides an overview on the business model of Aroundtown, and the following sections 
describe each step of Aroundtown's business model in more detail:

--- Page 248 ---
248 
Sourcing and targeting acquisitions in central locations in top tier cities with growth and upside potential 
Aroundtown’s property sourcing success stems from its unique network as well as its reputation as a reliable 
real estate acquisition partner. The Group focuses on value-add properties in central locations in top tier cities 
characterised by below market rent levels, inefficient cost or lease structure and/or vacancy reduction potential. 
With over 15 years of experience in the real estate markets, the Group benefits from a preferred buyer status 
across its sourcing network. The Group sources deals from a large and diverse deal sourcing base, such as 
receivers, banks, loan funds, broker networks, distressed owners, private and institutional investors and court 
auctions. The Group’s primary focus is on major cities and metropolitan areas with positive demographic 
prospectus. The Group follows acquisition criteria which ensure that newly acquired properties align with its 
business model. These criteria include: 
-
Acquisition focus in central locations in top tier EU cities
-
Value-add potential through operational improvements
-
Cash flow generating assets
-
Rent level per sqm below market level (under-rented properties)
-
Purchase price below replacement cost and below market values
-
Potential to reduce the cost per square metre significantly
Due to the experience and knowledge of its board and management, the Group is able to consider all possible 
uses for properties that it acquires, including altering the property's primary use in order to target specific 
supply shortages in the market. The Group believes that its business model provides it with a strong and 
sustainable competitive advantage. 
Due Diligence, Acquisition and Takeover 
After a potential property passes an initial screening, the property is further assessed in order to take into 
account the specific features of each project while ensuring that the acquisition is in line with the Group's 
overall business strategy. Aroundtown believes that Aroundtown's experience in analysing properties with

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
 
value creation potential, and in identifying both the potential risks and the upside potential of each property, 
results in fast, but thorough and reliable, screening procedures. During the due diligence phase, the Group's 
construction team analyses potential capex requirements for the property. These are subsequently priced in the 
valuation process in order to provide a fair assessment of the property's acquisition cost. A detailed business 
plan is created for each property in the due diligence phase, including the identification of feasible tenants. 
Aroundtown believes that beginning to identify potential tenants prior to acquisition of the property not only 
decreases operational risk but also accelerates the property’s repositioning process. 
Due to a thorough cross-organisational process in the due diligence phase, once a property is acquired, the 
actual takeover occurs swiftly and efficiently. Because liquidity plays a significant role in the acquisition of 
value-add properties, Aroundtown benefits strongly from its solid liquidity position and its ability to acquire 
properties with existing resources and refinance the acquisition at a later stage. The Group also benefits from 
a strong and experienced legal department, which, combined with close and longstanding relationships with 
external law firms, enables Aroundtown to complete multiple deals simultaneously. 
Repositioning and operational improvements 
As a specific tailored business plan is constructed for each property, and the weaknesses and strengths are 
identified pre-acquisition, the execution of the repositioning process becomes smoother and faster. The 
business plan input is integrated into Aroundtown’s proprietary IT/software platform which enables the 
management to monitor all operational and financial parameters and fully control the repositioning progress. 
The success of the repositioning of the properties is the result of the following functions: 
Operational and marketing initiatives  
The initial repositioning activities aim at minimising the time until the profitability of the acquired properties 
is improved. Targeted marketing activities are implemented to increase occupancy and thereby rental income. 
Vacancy reduction initiatives are tailored to the specific property type at hand. Procedures applied to 
Aroundtown’s commercial properties include establishing a network of internal and external, as well as local 
and nationwide letting brokers, offering promotional features and building a reputation in the market for high 
service standards. For the Group’s hotel assets, optimal operators are selected and a fixed long-term lease 
contract is entered into once the hotel is repositioned. Initiatives for the Group’s residential properties target 
relationship building with potential tenants and the local community by collaborating with local municipalities, 
supporting community initiatives and advertising on key real estate platforms. Rent increase and tenant 
restructuring assessed during the due diligence process are executed according to the property’s business plan. 
Furthermore, the operational improvements Aroundtown initiates improve the living quality or business 
environment for existing and future tenants, resulting in increased demand for these repositioned assets. 
Having identified areas for operational improvements, the Group drills down on cost saving opportunities on 
a per unit basis, making use of modern technologies such as consumption-based meters. These efforts, 
combined with cost savings achieved through vacancy reductions and economies of scale, enable the Issuer to 
benefit from a significant improvement of the cost base and therefore higher profitability. Aroundtown 
manages its entire real estate value chain across acquisition, letting, upkeep and refurbishment. This integrated 
approach brings further efficiency benefits, a preferred landlord status to the Group and fast response times to 
its tenants. 
Smart capex investments when required  
Aroundtown addresses capex needs to keep the properties at high standards and addresses the requirements of 
its existing and prospective tenants. Capital improvements are discussed in close coordination with committed 
tenants, allowing an efficient and cost-effective implementation of the investments. The carried out 
investments are followed up by Aroundtown’s experienced construction team. The financial feasibility of the 
proposed alterations is balanced against the lease term, rental income and property acquisition cost and bears 
quick returns over the investment period.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
 
Relationship management 
Aroundtown puts great emphasis on establishing strong relationships with its tenants to reduce churn rates, to 
predict as well as to strengthen the tenant structure and thereby positively affect its cash flows in the future. 
The Issuer aims to offer high quality services for both potential and existing tenants. The Group pays great 
attention to the industry in which its commercial tenants operate and to their individual success factors. The 
Group also offers direct support to its tenants through add-on facilities at its rental properties such as parking 
facilities and other space extensions to facilitate growth and smart space re-design to match modern office 
layouts. For its residential tenant base, GCP supports its tenants through a state-of-the-art TÜV- and ISO 
9001:2015-certified service centre with 24/7 availability via various channels. 
Further, the Group aims to establish personal relationships between its asset and property managers and its 
tenants, providing them with personal contact points, which allows the Group to react promptly to problems 
and proactively prolonging existing contracts in order to optimise and secure long-term revenues. 
Robust cash flow, with low vacancy supported by strong tenant structure 
Secure cash flows are continuously strengthened by ongoing cost controls and profitability improvements. 
Given vacancy and rents below market rents, Aroundtown’s portfolio exhibits strong and lasting growth after 
the implementation of initial repositioning activities. In line with the Group’s primarily buy and hold strategy, 
with a strong focus on creating a long-term stream of secure cash flows, such continuous internal growth 
ensures that Aroundtown can continue to grow organically without relying on further acquisitions.  
Capital recycling by selling non-core and mature assets 
While Aroundtown’s main focus is on extracting the potential of its portfolio, the Issuer also pursues an 
accretive capital recycling of non-core or mature properties on an opportunistic basis. Aroundtown 
continuously analyses its portfolio in terms of upside potential to lift and focuses its resources on properties 
with higher upside. Aroundtown seeks to dispose properties where most of the potential has been lifted or 
which are not in the core locations of Aroundtown. The disposal of such properties enables capital recycling 
and provides firepower to pursue new accretive acquisitions with high upside potential on one hand, and 
increases the quality of the portfolio on the other.  
Extracting unused or underutilised building rights from existing and new land & buildings 
As part of the value creation process, Aroundtown identifies and extracts unused or underutilised building 
rights from existing and new land and buildings, providing additional internal growth. Aroundtown assesses 
internally the best use for the rights and advances on to continue the discussion with authorities and architects 
in order to realise plans into permits. Once the planning and permit phases are completed, Aroundtown 
analyses each project individually and decides the best way to realise the value into proceeds. This is either 
through materialising these building rights into actual sellable permits or converting the rights into actual 
development. Aroundtown does not intend to fully build and develop all of the rights, and estimates that part 
of the rights will be disposed at high gains. In certain assets, Aroundtown considers development of the rights 
where Aroundtown believes to have low risk and such projects enable the Issuer to unlock further potential 
through pre-let long-term agreements with strong tenants. 
Employees 
As of June 2021, Aroundtown employed over 500 employees. 
Loan Agreements 
The Group has entered into various loan agreements primarily for the purpose of financing the acquisition of 
properties in Aroundtown portfolio. As of 30 June 2021, the Group's (i) loans and borrowings and (ii) current

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
 
portion of straight bonds, loans and borrowings and loan redemptions were €903.4 million and €288.7 million 
respectively (of which the outstanding aggregate total bank loan amount was approximately €916 million).  
The Group's loan agreements typically bear interest at fixed rates or at rates based on EURIBOR plus a spread, 
and the interest rates may in certain cases be hedged. Undrawn amounts under Aroundtown’s credit facilities 
may be subject to a commitment fee. The Group's loan agreements are typically secured by pledges of property, 
including pledges of rental proceeds, shares of the relevant holding companies, and operational bank accounts, 
and contain customary representations and warranties, undertakings and events of default with respect to real 
estate financing (which are in turn typically subject to certain agreed exceptions and materiality carve-outs). 
A number of Aroundtown's loan agreements provide the lender with the right to terminate the loan if the Issuer 
no longer directly or indirectly (i) controls the relevant borrowing entity or (ii) manages the relevant property. 
Corporate Purpose 
The Issuer is a specialist real estate investment company which focuses on value-add properties primarily in 
the German and Dutch real estate markets. The objects for which the Issuer was established are set forth in 
article 4 of its articles of association (the Articles of Association). The Issuer’s objects are (i) the acquisition, 
sale, administration, operation, letting or renting, in any form by any means, whether directly or indirectly, of 
any real estate assets in both the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and abroad; (ii) the acquisition, holding and 
disposal, in any form, by any means, whether directly or indirectly, of participations, shares, rights and interests 
in, and obligations of, Luxembourg and foreign companies or other assets including but not limited to real 
estate assets; (iii) the acquisition by purchase, subscription, or in any other manner, as well as the transfer by 
sale, exchange or in any other manner of stock, bonds, debentures, notes and other securities or financial 
instruments of any kind (including notes, shares or units issued by Luxembourg or foreign investment funds 
or similar undertakings) and receivables, claims or loans or other credit facilities and agreements or contracts 
relating thereto; (iv) the acquisition and holding of interests, directly or indirectly, in any form whatsoever, in 
any Luxembourg or foreign entities, by way of, among others, the subscription or the acquisition of any 
securities and/or rights through participation, contribution, underwriting, firm purchase or option, patents, 
service marks, trademarks licences and other commercial or intellectual property rights, negotiation or in any 
other way; and (v) the ownership, administration, development and management of a portfolio of assets or 
interests (including, among other things, the assets and interests referred to in (i) through (iv) above). 
The Issuer may borrow in any form. It may obtain any form of credit facility. The Issuer may issue bonds, 
notes, promissory notes, perpetual notes, certificates, shares, beneficiary parts, options, warrants and other 
debt or equity instruments, convertible or not. It may use financial derivatives or raise funds by any other 
means. The Issuer may use any techniques and instruments to efficiently manage its investments and to protect 
itself against credit risks, currency exchange exposure, interest rate risks and other risks. The Issuer may enter 
into, execute and perform any swaps, futures, forwards, derivatives, options, repurchase, stock lending or 
similar transactions. 
The Issuer may also render any assistance, whether by means of financing, administration, marketing or any 
other kind of service, to its subsidiaries or companies in which it has a direct or indirect interest, even not 
substantial, and/or any company being a direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer and/or any company 
belonging to the same group as the Issuer (the Connected Companies). A company shall be deemed to be 
part of the same group as the Issuer if such other company directly or indirectly owns, is owned by, is in control 
of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, or is controlled by a shareholder of, the Issuer, in each 
case whether beneficially or as trustee, guardian or as other fiduciary. A company shall be deemed to control 
another company if the controlling company possesses, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the 
share capital of the company or has the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies 
of the other company, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
The Issuer may in particular: (i) lend funds including the proceeds of any borrowings or issues of securities to 
its Connected Companies; (ii) enter into any guarantee, pledge or any other form of security, whether by 
personal covenant or by mortgage or charge upon all or part of the undertaking, property assets (present or 
future) or by all or any of such methods, for the performance of any contracts or obligations of the Issuer and

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
 
of any of the Connected Companies, or any director, manager or other agent of the Issuer or any of the 
Connected Companies, within the limits of any applicable law provision; (iii) subordinate its claims in favour 
of third parties to secure the obligations of any Connected Companies; and (iv) render administrative and 
marketing assistance to its Connected Companies. 
In addition to the foregoing, the Issuer may perform all legal, commercial, technical and financial transactions 
and, in general, all transactions which are necessary or useful to fulfil its corporate object as well as all 
transactions directly or indirectly connected with its purpose or which may favour its development. 
Board of Directors and Other Bodies 
General 
The Issuer is administered and managed by a board of directors (the Board of Directors, and each member of 
the Board of Directors, a Director). The Board of Directors is vested with the broadest powers to take any 
actions necessary or useful to fulfil the corporate objects of the Issuer save for actions reserved to the general 
meeting of shareholders in accordance with the Companies Law or by the Articles of Association. The powers 
of the Board of Directors, except for such powers that are expressly reserved by the Companies Law or the 
Articles of Association to the Board of Directors, may be delegated by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
to a management committee (comité de direction), consisting of several managers who may or may not be 
Directors or shareholders of the Issuer, a managing executive director (directeur general) or a daily manager. 
The Board of Directors may determine the scope of such delegation at its discretion. The Board of Directors 
may also give special powers for specific matters to one or more proxyholders, whether Directors, 
shareholders, managers or not.  
The Board of Directors may choose amongst the Directors a chairperson and also appoint a secretary who need 
not be a member of the Board of Directors.  
Pursuant to the Companies Law as well as the Articles of Association, the minimum number of Directors shall 
be at least three whereas the general meeting may determine a higher or maximum number. The general 
meeting resolves on the remuneration of the Directors. 
The Directors may be dismissed with or without any cause at any time and at the sole discretion of the general 
meeting of the Issuer's shareholders. 
In the event of a vacancy in the office of a Director, such vacancy may be filled on a temporary basis and for 
a period not exceeding the initial mandate of the replaced director by the remaining directors until the next 
general meeting of shareholders. 
Members of the Board of Directors 
The following table sets out information with respect to each of the members of the Board of Directors, 
including their positions within the Issuer as of the date of the Offering Circular. 
Name 
Position 
Ms. Jelena Afxentiou 
Director 
Mr. Frank Roseen 
Director 
Mr. Markus Leininger 
Independent Director 
Mr. Markus Kreuter 
Independent Director 
Ms. Simone Runge-Brandner 
Independent Director

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
 
Mr. Ran Laufer 
Non-Executive Director 
The business address of the Directors is at 40, Rue du Curé, L-1368 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
The members of the Board of Directors do not hold any positions in administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies outside Aroundtown which are significant with respect to the Issuer. 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the members of the Board of Directors have no potential conflict of 
interest between any duties owed to the Issuer and their personal interests or other duties, save for Ms. Simone 
Runge-Brandner, where the ongoing mandate as an independent member of the board of directors of GCP, 
may under certain circumstances lead to a potential conflict of interest with her duties as an independent 
member of the Board of Directors, since Aroundtown exercises de facto control over GCP. 
The Issuer’s most recent shareholders’ annual general meeting was held on 30 June 2021 (the Annual 
Meeting).  
Senior Management 
The following table sets out information with respect to the senior management of the Issuer, as of the date of 
the Offering Circular: 
Name 
Internal Position 
Mr. Barak Bar-Hen 
Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-CEO) / Chief 
Operating Officer (COO) 
Mr. Eyal Ben David 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
Mr. Oschrie Massatschi 
Chief Capital Markets Office (CCMO) 
Mr. Klaus Krägel 
Chief Development Officer (CDO) 
The main business address of the Co-CEO/COO, the CFO, the CCMO and the CDO is at Wittestraße 30, Haus 
F, 13509 Berlin, Germany. 
The Co-CEO/COO, the CFO, the CCMO and the CDO do not hold any positions in administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies outside Aroundtown which are significant with respect to the Issuer. The 
Co-CEO/COO, the CFO, the CCMO and the CDO have no statutory powers under any applicable laws or the 
Articles of Association. 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties owed by the 
Co-CEO/COO, the CFO, the CCMO and the CDO and the private interests and/or other duties of such persons. 
Advisory Board 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has established an advisory board. The task of the advisory board is to 
provide expert advice and assistance to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors decides on the 
composition, tasks and term of the advisory board as well as the appointment and dismissal of its members. 
The advisory board has no statutory powers under the Companies Law or the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer, but applies rules which have been adopted by the Board of Directors. However, the Issuer considers 
the advisory board to be an important source of guidance for the Board of Directors when making strategic 
decisions. The current members of the advisory board are Dr. Gerhard Cromme (Chairman), Mr. Yakir Gabay 
(Deputy Chairman), Mr. Claudio Jarczyk and Mr. David Maimon.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
 
Audit Committee 
The Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee. The Board of Directors decides on the 
composition, tasks and term of the Audit Committee as well as the appointment and dismissal of its members. 
The responsibilities of the Audit Committee relate to the integrity of the financial statements, including 
reporting to the Board of Directors on its activities and the adequacy of internal systems controlling the 
financial reporting processes and monitoring the accounting processes. The Audit Committee provides 
guidance to the Board of Directors on the auditing of the annual financial statements of the Issuer and, in 
particular, shall monitor the independence of the approved independent auditor, the additional services 
rendered by such auditor, the issuing of the audit mandate to the auditor, the determination of auditing focal 
points and the fee agreement with the auditor. The Audit Committee consists of the Independent Directors 
being, Mr. Markus Kreuter (Chairman), Mr. Markus Leininger, and Ms. Simone Runge-Brandner. 
Risk Committee 
The Board of Directors has established a Risk Committee for assisting and providing expert advice to the 
Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, relating to the different types of risks, recommend 
a risk management structure including its organisation and its process as well as assess and monitor 
effectiveness of the risk management. The Board of Directors decides on the composition, tasks and term of 
the Risk Committee and the appointment and dismissal of its members. The Risk Committee provides advice 
on actions of compliance, in particular by reviewing Aroundtown's procedures for detecting risk, the 
effectiveness of Aroundtown's risk management and internal control system and by assessing the scope and 
effectiveness of the systems established by the management to identify, assess and monitor risks. The current 
members of the Risk Committee are Mr. Markus Kreuter (Chairman), Mr. Markus Leininger, Mr. Frank 
Roseen and Mr. Ran Laufer. 
Nomination Committee 
The Board of Directors has established a Nomination Committee to identify suitable candidates for director 
positions and examine their skills and characteristics. The Nomination Committee consists of the Independent 
Directors being, Mr. Markus Leininger, Mr. Markus Kreuter, and Ms. Simone Runge-Brandner. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee to determine and recommend to the Board 
of Directors the remuneration policy for the chairman of the Board of Directors, the executive directors and 
senior management, including evaluation of short-term performance-related remuneration to senior executives. 
The Remuneration Committee consists of the Independent Directors being, Mr. Markus Kreuter, Ms. Simone 
Runge-Brandner and Mr. Markus Leininger. 
ESG/CSR Committee 
The Board of Directors has established an ESG/CSR Committee to review shareholder proposals and 
recommendations that relate to matters of corporate social responsibility. In addition, the ESG/CSR Committee 
reviews and assesses the Issuer’s CSR strategy, initiatives and practises for environmental, social and 
governance practices and reviews policies with respect to CSR subjects. 
The ESG/CSR Committee consists of the Independent Directors being, Mr. Markus Kreuter and Mr. Markus 
Leininger and is assisted by the Issuer’s head of ESG, Ms. Sylvie Lagies. 
Corporate Governance 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer is not subject to any compulsory corporate governance code 
of conduct or respective statutory legal provisions. Nevertheless, the Issuer continues to take steps to 
implement environmental, social and corporate governance best practices throughout its business.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer has a stated share capital in the amount of €15,370,256.09. 
The share capital is divided into 1,537,025,609 shares with a nominal value of €0.01 per share (the Shares). 
The share capital has been fully paid up. The Shares are in global form and deposited with Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt/Main. 
The Issuer has an authorised capital. The authorised capital (including the subscribed capital) amounts to 
€30,000,000.00 (i.e. the corporate share capital of the Issuer may be increased by the Board of Directors from 
its present amount up to €30,000,000.00 by the creation and issuance of new shares with a par value of €0.01 
each).  
The Issuer's shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with 
simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with additional post-admission obligations 
(Prime Standard) (ISIN: LU1673108939). 
The OGM of Aroundtown convened on 6 May 2020 and resolved on a share buy-back framework under which 
up to 20% of the Issuer’s shares could be bought back. Subsequently, the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
resolved on 2 June 2020 to carry out a share buy-back programme with a volume of up to 120 million shares 
for a total purchase price of up to €500 million. Furthermore, on 1 September 2020, the Board of Directors 
announced that it had resolved to further utilise the authorisation of the OGM to buy back up to 165 million 
shares through a public share purchase offer. In the course of its resolution, the Board of Directors further 
determined to increase the maximum aggregate amount for the share buy backs to €1 billion.  
On 25 March 2021, the Board of Directors of the Issuer resolved on a share buy-back programme with a 
volume of up to €500 million and limited to a maximum of 100 million shares, utilising the authority granted 
under the share buy-back framework approved during the OGM of Aroundtown convened on 6 May 2020. 
The programme commenced on 26 March 2021 and shall be finalised by 31 December 2021 at the latest.  
The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Aroundtown convened on 30 June 2021 and resolved on an increase 
of 10% to the share buy-back framework approved from the 6 May 2020 OGM, thus increasing the amount of 
Issuer’s shares which could be bought back from 20% to 30%. 
Shareholding Structure  
The table below sets out the information known to the Issuer with respect to the shareholding structure of the 
Issuer as at the date of this Offering Circular. The shareholdings may have changed since the date on which 
the Issuer obtained knowledge of the shareholding. 
Shareholder 
 
Direct ownership of the Issuer in% 
 
 
 
 
Avisco Group Plc* 
 
                                                  10 
Shares held in treasury** 
Free float 
 
                                                             27 
                                                             63 
     of which Blackrock Inc. 
 
                                                           6 
Total 
 
                                                           100 
* 
The shareholdings of Avisco Group Plc are held through its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries, which have not been 
included in this table for simplification purposes. 
** 
12% are held through TLG, voting rights suppressed.  
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, as at the date of this Offering Circular, there are no arrangements, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control in the Issuer.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
 
Dividend Policy  
The payout ratio under the dividend policy is 75% of the Issuer's annual FFO I per share, which shall be 
distributed as annual dividends to the shareholders. The distribution of dividends is subject to a respective 
resolution of the shareholders' AGM. 
FFO I is a measure of Aroundtown's materialised bottom line operational profit, calculated by deducting 
current tax expenses and finance expenses from adjusted EBITDA. 
On 30 June 2021, the AGM of Aroundtown convened and approved a dividend of €0.22 (gross) for the 2020 
financial year. Aroundtown also provided shareholders with the option to receive the dividend in the form of 
shares (Scrip Dividend). The Scrip Dividend was delivered using existing treasury shares on 26 July 2021. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
During the last twelve months, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings brought 
against or affecting the Issuer, nor is the Issuer aware of any pending or threatened proceedings, which (in 
either case) may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer and/or Aroundtown's 
financial position, profitability or results.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following discussion of the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes is based on the laws in force 
on the date of this Offering Circular. The Issuer emphasises that tax implications can be subject to alteration 
due to future changes in law, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Although this discussion reflects the opinion of the Issuer, it should not be misunderstood as a guarantee in an 
area of law which is not free from doubt. Further, this discussion is not intended as the sole basis for an 
investment in the Notes as the individual tax position of the Holder needs to be investigated.  
Prospective Holders are recommended to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences 
of an investment in the Notes. 
Responsibility of the Issuer for the withholding of taxes at source 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  The 
prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of 
state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only.  Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, 
please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu 
des collectivites), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution 
au fonds pour l'emploi), as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further 
be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income 
tax, municipal business tax as well as net wealth tax and the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most 
corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to 
personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer 
acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may 
apply as well. 
Withholding Tax 
If the Notes qualify as debt under Luxembourg tax law: 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
 
in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20%.  Such withholding tax will be in full 
discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management 
of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope 
of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20%. 
An individual beneficial owner of interest or similar income who is a resident of Luxembourg and acts 
in the course of the management of his private wealth may opt for a final withholding tax of 20% when 
he/she receives or is deemed to receive such interest or similar income from a paying agent established 
in another EU Member State (other than Luxembourg) or in a State of the European Economic Area 
(which is not an EU Member State). 
If the Notes qualify as equity under Luxembourg tax law: 
A 15% dividend withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances. 
Income Taxation 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
A non-resident holder of the Notes, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative 
in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax 
on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes. A gain 
realised by such non-resident holder of the Notes on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of 
the Notes is further not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes or an individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, that has a permanent establishment or 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is subject to 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Notes and on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Holders of Notes who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable to any Luxembourg income tax 
on repayment of principal. 
i. 
Luxembourg resident corporate holders of Notes 
A corporate holder of Notes must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium 
or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
A corporate holder of Notes that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management 
companies, as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as 
amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, 
or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds not investing in risk capital 
thereof is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, any

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
 
redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Notes. 
ii. 
Luxembourg resident individual holders of Notes 
An individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such 
payments in accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual holder of the Notes has opted for 
the application of the 20% withholding tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the 
Relibi Law. 
A gain realised by an individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the 
Notes were acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest 
income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on such interest in 
accordance with the Relibi Law. 
An individual holder of Notes acting in the course of management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include this interest in its taxable basis. If applicable, the 20% withholding tax levied 
in accordance with the Relibi Law would in that case not be  treated a final withholding tax but can be 
credited against his/her final personal income  tax liability. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate holder of Notes, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it 
maintains a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such 
Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes, except if the holder of 
Notes is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, 
or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 17 
December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 
on reserved alternative investment funds, or is a securitisation company governed by the law of 22 
March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or is a capital company governed by the law of 15 June 
2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended.  
Securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended or 
capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended or 
reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative 
investment funds investing into risk capital may, under certain conditions, be subject to the minimum 
net wealth tax. 
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg  net wealth tax on such Notes. 
Other Taxes 
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Notes will give rise to 
any Luxembourg registration tax, or similar taxes. 
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty will be required upon registration of the Notes in 
Luxembourg in the case where the Notes are physically attached (annexé(s)) to a public deed or to any 
other document subject to mandatory registration, or in case of a registration of the Notes on a 
voluntary basis.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
 
Where a holder of Notes is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the 
Notes are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded in 
Luxembourg. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. On 13 December 2018, the Treasury 
and the Internal Revenue Service issued Proposed Regulations (REG-132881-17) under FATCA, eliminating 
withholding on the payments of gross proceeds and deferring withholding on foreign passthru payments. Even 
if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulation defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding, in either case unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of 
the issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under "Further Issues" in the relevant Terms and 
Conditions) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes. 
Exchange of Information 
On 25 May 2018, the EU Council Directive 2018/822 (DAC 6) was adopted. Under DAC 6, intermediaries 
which meet certain EU nexus criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant tax authorities 
certain cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks, performed 
from 25 June 2018 onwards. In specific cases, this obligation will shift to the taxpayer. Information with regard 
to reported arrangements will be automatically exchanged by the competent authority of each EU jurisdiction 
every 3 months. Under DAC 6, a cross-border arrangement has to be reported if (i) it is a cross-border 
arrangement which bears one or more of the hallmarks listed in DAC 6, (ii) in certain instances the main or 
expected benefit of the arrangement is a tax advantage and (iii) it concerns at least one EU jurisdiction. 
The Issuer or its intermediaries involved may be legally obliged to notify to tax authorities certain types of 
cross-border arrangements and proposals for implementing such arrangements.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Union 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 26 
October 2021, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and in the 
relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Senior Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be 
subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of 
the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For 
the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State 
of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For 
purposes of this provision:

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Israel 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, within Israel, it has not made and will not make any offers of Notes other 
than to investors of the type listed in the first Supplement (the Supplement) of the Israeli Securities Law of 
1968, consisting primarily of joint investment in trust funds, provident funds, insurance companies, banks, 
portfolio managers, investment advisors, members of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, underwriters purchasing 
for their own account, venture capital funds, entities with shareholders' equity in excess of 50 million Israeli 
new shekels, and high net worth individuals who meet the qualifications specified in the law, each as defined 
in the Supplement (as it may be amended from time to time, collectively referred to as Eligible Investors).  
Eligible investors are required to submit written confirmation that they fall within the scope of the Supplement. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying 
as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time 
to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge that this Offering Circular has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
MAS. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferable 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Senior Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Offering Circular is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Notes and the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be 
made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Offering Circular nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
Canada 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has offered or sold and will offer or sell the Notes only to purchasers 
purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National 
Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
 
permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and 
Ongoing Registrant Obligations. 
Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Offering Circular (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory 
for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of 
a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), 
the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter 
conflicts of interest in connection with the offering of any Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses or distributes this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required 
by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither 
the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme, the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly 
authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 9 March 2017, 5 October 2017, 9 
November 2017, 29 January 2018, 8 February 2018, 4 October 2018, 2 October 2019, 12 October 2020 and 
25 October 2021.  
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Offering Circular to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 26 October 2021. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer (and not on its own behalf) in connection with the application for admission of the Notes to the Official 
List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection as stated below: 
(a) 
the Articles of Association (on the website of the Issuer at https://www.aroundtown.de/investor-
relations/bonds) ; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) and the Agency Agreement (each on the website of the Issuer 
at https://www.aroundtown.de/investor-relations/bonds/); 
(c) 
a 
copy 
of 
this 
Offering 
Circular 
(on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/24930/documents);  
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms  to 
this Offering Circular and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference (each on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-
detail/24930/documents); and 
(e) 
the Pricing Supplements (in respect of Exempt Senior Notes) will only be available for inspection by 
a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN and, if available, the FISN 
and/or the CFI for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes). If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.   
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of Aroundtown is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or Aroundtown. 
Statutory Auditors 
The statutory auditors are appointed by the general meeting of shareholders for holding office from the 
conclusion of such meeting until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting.  
As of the date of this Offering Circular, KPMG Luxembourg, société cooperative, 39, Avenue John F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg is appointed as approved independent auditor 
(cabinet de révision agréé). Its mandate will automatically expire at the annual general meeting of the Issuer 
to be held in 2022. KPMG Luxembourg is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
The Financial Statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 have been 
audited by KPMG Luxembourg. KPMG Luxembourg provided unqualified auditor's reports for the financial 
statements they audited.  
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are included or incorporated in this Offering Circular, with the consent 
of the auditors.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and commercial 
banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from time to time, for which they 
have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and 
other derivative transactions with the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also 
enter into swap and other derivative transactions with the Issuer or its affiliates for the purposes of, among 
other things, hedging their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking, commercial banking transactions and/or other 
advisory transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
 
Significant Change in the Financial Performance or Position 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or Aroundtown 
since 30 June 2021. 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
 
ISSUER 
Aroundtown SA 
40, Rue du Curé 
L-1368 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
TRUSTEE 
Prudential Trustee Company Limited 
10 Fenchurch Avenue 
London EC3M 5AG  
United Kingdom 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT and AGENT BANK 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank Of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris, 
2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Luxembourg law 
To the Issuer as to English law 
GSK Stockmann SA 
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Taylor Wessing LLP 
5 New Street Square 
London EC4A 3TW 
United Kingdom 
  
 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
AUDITORS 
KPMG Luxembourg, a cooperative company (société coopérative) 
39, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
DEALERS 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS EUROPE 
AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom  
J.P. MORGAN AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. 
INTERNATIONAL PLC 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
UBS AG LONDON BRANCH 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
UKO2: 2003205759.17