--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 2 February 2022 
 
 
ARVAL SERVICE LEASE 
Euro 15,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Arval Service Lease (the “Issuer” or “Arval”), subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Base 
Prospectus received the approval number 22-024 on 2 February 2022 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) and shall be in force for a period of one (1) 
year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State 
of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member 
State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated 
markets issued by the European Commission (a “Regulated Market”). However, Notes that are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may be issued pursuant to 
the Programme. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”), (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be 
admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA. 
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form as more fully described herein. 
Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a member state of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
The Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the Issue Date (as defined herein) in the books of Euroclear France S.A. 
(“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) 
or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iii)), in either fully registered form 
(nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either in an account maintened by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for 
the Issuer, or in administered registered form (nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant 
Noteholder.  
Arval’s long-term credit ratings are A/ Stable outlook (Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”)) and A-/ Stable outlook (S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”)). 
Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). Each of Fitch and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes issued 
pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The rating of the Notes, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
The Final Terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference herein, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.arval.com/investors) and, as the case may be, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and may be obtained without charge from the registered office of 
the Issuer during normal business hours. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, before deciding to invest in 
the Notes issued under the Programme. 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each 
a “Supplement” and together the “Supplements”)) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, in respect of, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, 
the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates (filiales consolidées et participations consolidées) 
taken as a whole (the “Arval Group”) and the Notes which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the 
rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement thereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), each of which 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or the Dealer(s) (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Arval Group since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Arval Group since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment 
policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, 
notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealer(s) to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Dealer(s) nor 
any of its respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor 
or a manufacturer under the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a 
UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR 
Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PRIIPs IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) NOR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND INCLUDE

--- Page 4 ---
4 
NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO 
CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES 
ACT). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND 
ON DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes 
are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or 
court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential investors 
are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of incorporation) 
might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Potential investors cannot rely upon the tax 
overview contained in this Base Prospectus but should ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their 
individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these 
advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such tax is 
still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any similar 
tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for 
the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice 
in relation to the FTT. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and the Issuer. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in the section “Risk factors”, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealer(s) which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than 
in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealer(s) has represented that all offers and sales by them will be 
made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealer(s) to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Dealer(s) has not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. The Dealer(s) does not make any representation, express or implied, or does not accept any 
responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or any other information incorporated by 
reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as 
a recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealer(s) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial statements or any other information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each 
potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. The 
Dealer(s) does not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Arval Group 
during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of of the Dealer(s). 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “Euro”, 
“EUR” and “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union which

--- Page 5 ---
5 
was introduced on 1st January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom and references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 7 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................... 13 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ................................................................................................................. 36 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................ 37 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................... 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................... 47 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................... 95 
DESCRIPTION OF ARVAL ..................................................................................................................................... 96 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................................ 106 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................ 109 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................................... 112 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 127 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........................ 131

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing 
regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and in the relevant Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
 
Issuer: 
Arval Service Lease 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under 
the heading "Risks relating to the Issuer" in the section headed "Risk Factors" 
in this Base Prospectus. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under the heading "Risks 
relating to the Notes" in the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(“LEI”): 
969500UCL6ROAHVXQV60 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Dealer(s): 
BNP Paribas  
Any other Dealer(s) appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement.  
Programme Limit: 
Up to Euro 15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time (the 
“Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit may be increased, as provided 
in the dealer agreement dated 2 February 2022 between the Issuer and the 
Dealer. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Make-whole Calculation 
Agent: 
DIIS Group 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more Issue 
Dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued

--- Page 8 ---
8 
in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different Issue Dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, 
with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will 
be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
completed in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one (1) month from the original Issue Date of the relevant 
Notes, or, if applicable and to the extent so required by applicable laws and 
regulations, the Issue Date of the last tranche of any further Notes issued by 
the Issuer pursuant to Condition 12 (whichever is the later). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, Sterling and USD and in any other currency 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (the “Specified Denomination”) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in a member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).  
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).  
The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes are direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer (engagements chirographaires) and rank and will at 
all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and 
(subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French 
law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations or guarantees of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge”. 
Event of Default: 
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 9 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default”. 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the relevant 
Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts 
payable.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and “Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer”, “Residual Maturity Call Option”, “Clean-Up Call 
Option” below, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons (as provided in Condition 6(j)) or illegality (as 
provided in Condition 6(m)). See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at 
any time or from time to time, prior to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms (the “Make-whole 
Redemption Date”) at their Make-whole Redemption Amount (except with 
respect to Zero Coupon Notes). The Make-whole Redemption Amount will 
be an amount in Euro being the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the Principal 
Amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values 
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes 
until the Relevant Redemption Date (determined on the basis of the interest 
rate applicable to the Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes 
from and including the Issue Date or, as the case may be, the scheduled 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption 
Date to, but excluding, such Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted from 
the Relevant Redemption Date, to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date 
on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
Residual Maturity Call 
Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, 
at the Principal Amount of the Notes so redeemed together with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time during 
the period starting on (and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date. 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the event that at least 80% of the initial aggregate principal amount 
of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, 
the Issuer may have the option to redeem all, but not some only, of the 
remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Change of Control Put 
Option: 
If at any time while any of the Notes remains outstanding (A) a Change of 
Control occurs and (B) within the Restructuring Period (i) (if at the time of 
the Change of Control the Issuer and/or the Notes outstanding have a rating

--- Page 10 ---
10 
from a Rating Agency) a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of 
Control occurs or (ii) (if at the time of the Change of Control the Issuer and/or 
the Notes outstanding do not have a rating from a Rating Agency) a Negative 
Rating Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs, each Noteholder 
will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice 
referred to below, the Issuer has given notice of any early redemption in 
respect of the Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, 
procure the purchase of that Note on the Optional Redemption Date. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues in respect of any Note be subject to withholding or deduction in 
respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, subject to certain exceptions.  
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less than 
zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at 
different rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows:  
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency pursuant to the 
2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward 
financial instruments, or 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) or 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Definitions, as published by ISDA, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or 
 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR (or such other 
benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) or, any 
successor rate or any alternative rate, in each case as adjusted for any 
applicable margin.  
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant FBF Rate, the relevant Reference Rate or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, as the case may be. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less 
than zero. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically 
change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Event: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
independent adviser to determine a successor or an alternative benchmark 
and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series 
of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). 
Redenomination: 
Notes denominated in the currency of a country that subsequently participates 
in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union may be 
subject to redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation with other 
Notes denominated in euro, all as more fully provided in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination” 
below. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as more 
fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues and 
Consolidation”. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form (au 
porteur) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such 
latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of the Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to the Notes. 
Initial Delivery of the Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche 
of Notes, the lettre comptable or the application form, as the case may be, 
relating to such Tranche of Notes shall be deposited with Euroclear France 
as central depositary. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Listing and admission to 
Trading: 
Listing and admission to trading on Euronext Paris or other Regulated 
Markets as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes 
may not be admitted to trading or may be unlisted.  
No Offer to retail investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France and/or in any 
Member State of the EEA. 
Method of Publication of this 
Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference, any 
supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms related to the Notes admitted 
to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published, as the case 
may be, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website 
of the Issuer (www.arval.com/investors) and copies may be obtained on 
request without charge at the registered office of the Issuer. The Final Terms 
will indicate where the Base Prospectus may be obtained.  
Rating:  
Arval’s long-term credit rating are A/ Stable outlook (Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited (“Fitch”)) and A-/Stable outlook (S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”)). Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Each of Fitch and S&P 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with such regulation. Notes issued pursuant to 
the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings 
of the Issuer. The rating of the Notes, if any, will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit 
ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offers and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and Sale”.  
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer or the Arval Group and/or the Notes and material 
for an informed investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference 
represent the principal inherent risks in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of 
the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other 
reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes 
are exhaustive.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes should also, in light of their financial circumstances and investment 
objectives, read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks relating to the Issuer, 
its financial condition and the Notes.  
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into 
account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. In this section, reference to a “Condition” is a reference 
to the numbered paragraphs in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, unless otherwise specified. 
I 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS OPERATIONS 
The Issuer is the parent company of Arval Group, and combines both (i) business operations in full-service 
vehicle leasing and mobility solutions in the French territory1, and (ii) a holding activity consisting of the 
holding of stakes in its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole and other ancillary activities. The risk 
factors presented below have therefore been assessed, where relevant, at the level of the Issuer as an 
operating entity or at Arval Group’s level.  
A. Risks related to the Issuer’s business activity  
Risks linked to residual value of leased vehicles 
As a specialist in full service vehicle leasing, the Issuer’s gross operating income (“GOI”) is well 
diversified with a financial margin (that represents 43.6 per cent. of the Issuer’s GOI at the end of December 
2020 and 42.4% at the end of June 2021), a service margin (including various types of services and 
insurance) (that represents 45.3 per cent. of the Issuer’s GOI at the end of December 2020 and 37.9% at the 
end of June 2021) and a used car margin (that represents 11 per cent. of the Issuer’s GOI at the end of 
December 2020 and 19.6% at the end of June 2021). With respect to the used car margin, the Issuer retains 
the residual value risk on its leased vehicles and sells vehicles returned by its clients at the end of the 
lease, at a profit or loss. Gross operating profit from such vehicle sales totalled EUR 129 million in 2019, 
EUR 159 million in 2020 and EUR 166 million in the first half of 2021. However, the Issuer may be 
                                                          
 
1 Including French overseas territories, where the Issuer is present in Martinique and Réunion.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
unable to sell its used vehicles at desirable prices, and faces risks related to the residual value of its 
vehicles in connection with such disposals. The Issuer is exposed to a potential loss in a financial year 
from (i) resale of vehicles related to leases, which expire during the period whose resale value is lower 
than their net carrying amount and (ii) additional impairment during the lease period if residual value 
drops below contractual residual value. 
The proceeds invoiced upon the sale of a used vehicle and the risk of such proceeds being less than the 
book value of such vehicle as at the contractual end date may depend on a number of factors, which may 
be outside the Issuer’s control. Profit from future sales and estimated losses, and consequently the risk of 
such sales proceeds being less than the contractual residual value, are impacted by internal remarketing 
performance and external factors such as macroeconomic conditions, government policies, tax and 
environmental regulations, emission values and fuel prices, consumer choices, consumer confidence, new 
vehicle prices, new vehicle sales, new vehicle brand images or marketing programs, the actual or 
perceived quality, safety or reliability of vehicles, the level of current used vehicle values, etc. 
Technological change can also create uncertainties as to the future value of vehicles. Some technologies 
can become less desirable if vehicle performance or regulations change. An example observed 3 years 
ago is the impact on diesel used car prices following the DieselGate and the ban of diesel cars in some 
areas and in large cities. At that time the impact on diesel used car prices was estimated at EUR three 
hundred (300) per car with the rateable value of EUR ten thousand (10,000) in average, which constitutes 
three (3%.) per cent. An action plan was set up in 2017 to compensate the effect of the diesel crisis, mainly 
based on: remarketing initiatives, fleet booster and insurance initiatives, and also through new products 
launch and productivity gains. Since 2017, a strong attention has also been put on transforming the car 
mix in the new production (cars entering the fleet) with a 5-year ambition to reduce the diesel share from 
90% to 45%. 
Any of the factors above that may reduce the leased vehicle sales proceeds could force the Issuer to reduce 
concurrently the estimated residual values of the leased vehicles in its fleet and cause a loss from increased 
prospective depreciation expenses or cause a loss on the sale of the vehicle on lease termination. Arval 
re-evaluates on a quarterly basis the future margin on used car sales. A decrease in the residual value of 
the Issuer’s leased vehicles could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial position 
and results of operations. 
Risks linked to adverse developments in the automotive industry  
General developments in the automotive industry are important for the Issuer, due to their effects on the 
terms and conditions (including price levels) for purchasing, servicing and eventually reselling its 
vehicles, which in turn could impact the demand for, and pricing of, the Issuer's services. These could 
influence both the purchase prices of vehicles and the resale prices of used vehicles. 
The Issuer is dependent on developments in automotive trends and technology changes, which are subject 
to a variety of factors that it cannot influence. These include, for example, the evolution of oil prices and 
renewable energy prices and infrastructure, the expansion of public transport infrastructure, availability 
of popular electric vehicle models, new technologies such as autonomous driving software, urban policies 
adversely affecting personal car use, changes in government policies affecting diesel vehicles in Europe 
or other markets in which the Issuer operates, the imposition of carbon taxes and other regulatory 
measures to address climate change, pollution or other negative impacts of mass transport, the 
development of alternative transportation means in the city (bikes, scooters, etc.). A negative development 
of these factors may affect the use of vehicles in general and therefore the business of the Issuer. Current 
shortage of semi-conductors worldwide has a negative impact or delivery time by car manufacturers. This 
could result in a lower than expected fleet growth.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Market consolidation or down-sizing or liquidations of individual car manufacturers could also materially 
affect the availability of certain vehicles and the bargaining power of the Issuer when negotiating 
competitive prices for the vehicles it purchases to satisfy the Issuer's customer needs. 
The Issuer is subject to risks related to the climate change and pollution concerns, together with evolutions 
in the environmental regulation. Legal requirements relating to environmental protection are growing in 
importance in the European Union and in other regions of the world. In recent years, some car 
manufacturers have been accused of manipulating emission levels. Such scandals may induce stricter 
regulations, influence customer purchasing decisions and the market prices of certain affected vehicle 
models. Emission scandals in the past or future could potentially negatively affect the market prices of 
certain of its used vehicles (including diesel powered vehicles) and have other adverse effects on the 
business of the Issuer. In 2020, 56% of vehicles registered in full service leasing were Diesel (45% year 
to date as at 30 September 2021).  
This evolution also impacted the transition to a lower-carbon economy. Given the nature of its business, 
the risks the Issuer faces are linked to its transition from internal combustion engines vehicles in the 
Issuer's fleet to low and zero emission alternatives. Such transition could impact aspects of the Issuer's 
business model where internal combustion engines vehicles represented 89% of its fleets at the end of 
December 2020 (85% at the end of September 2021), which is why the Issuer aims to reduce the share of 
the latter in its portfolio and promote green alternatives. In some cases, the profitability of parts of the 
Issuer's value chain could be adversely affected.  
The Issuer has set-up an Energy Transition Plan which set target in terms of decrease diesel share in 
production together with increasing electric vehicles (“EV”) share. The Issuer has also developed 
consulting approach for its clients in order to support them in the choice of the right structure of their 
fleet, depending of their drivers’ usage, the total cost of ownership of the vehicles and their objectives in 
terms of reducing pollution and CO2 emissions.  
Finally, prices for petroleum-based products, which include petrol, diesel and tyres, have experienced 
major volatility in the past. If oil prices were to recover and return to higher levels, automotive travel 
patterns might be adversely affected in many ways. Significant increases in fuel prices could significantly 
discourage customers from using leased vehicles and this could have an adverse effect on demand for the 
leased vehicles offered by the Issuer.  
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could materially alter the existing business 
practices, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
The Issuer faces risks related to its motor insurance business 
The Issuer is, amongst others, exposed to third-party liability claims (which include personal injury, death 
and property damage), motor material damage claims, passenger indemnity and legal assistance claims 
through Greenval Insurance DAC (“Greenval”), an insurance company based in Ireland and working 
exclusively for Arval since its creation in 2007, which has been acquired by Arval from BNP Paribas Ireland 
in December 2020. On the basis of the 2020 combined profit and loss account (cf. note 1.b of the 2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements), Greenval represented 4.4% of the gross operating income of the Arval 
Group at 31 December 2020. 
Greenval provides insurance to Arval Group companies and their customers for third-party liability (54% 
of Greenval Gross Written Premium or “GWP”), motor own damage (37% of Greenval GWP), and other 
various covers (9% of GWP) as passengers & driver indemnity, legal assistance risks in relation to vehicle 
leasing and fleet management. In order to limit the financial impact of a single accident or event, Greenval 
purchases external reinsurance covers with a panel of large highly solvent reinsurer companies, on an

--- Page 16 ---
16 
excess of loss basis for two principal risks, motor third-party liability and catastrophic events. However, 
the Issuer and Greenval remain partly exposed to large claims and insufficient premiums to cover their 
risk exposure. In some cases, Arval Group companies may keep the material damages risk occurring to 
the lease vehicle which can result in losses in the event of high vehicle repairs costs. 
Arval Group is active in a complex and changing legal and regulatory environment related to insurance 
which could affect its insurance products distribution in case of evolving regulation. 
As of 31 December 2021, Greenval is directly operating under Freedom of Service (“FOS”) in 14 
European Union countries to provide insurance coverage to Arval Group companies and their customers 
in these markets. Greenval is also acting as a reinsurer in six other European countries.  
In some cases, the Issuer may face uninsured liability for fleet damage or theft or natural events at levels 
significantly in excess of historical levels which may adversely affect the Issuerʼs revenues and 
profitability. 
The Issuer is subject to changes in financial reporting standards, such as IFRS 17 Insurance contracts, 
or policies, which could materially adversely affect Issuer's reported results of operations and financial 
condition and may have a corresponding material adverse impact on capital ratios. 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union. Accordingly, from time to time the 
Issuer is required to adopt new or revised IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
("IASB") and adopted by the European Union. 
The Issuer and Greenval, its fully owned insurance subsidiary, will adopt IFRS 17 by the required effective 
date of January 2023. IFRS 17 includes a current measurement model where estimates are re-measured 
each reporting period.The standard allows a choice between recognizing changes in discount rates either 
in the income statement or directly in other comprehensive income. A simplified premium allocation 
approach may be applied for contracts that meet specific conditions which might apply to most of Issuers 
contracts. This approach is quite similar to current accounting under IFRS 4. The Arval Group is currently 
assessing the impact of IFRS 17, and as such is not able to quantify its impact. 
These and further changes in financial reporting standards or policies, including as a result of choices 
made by the Issuer, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reported results of operations and 
financial condition and may have a corresponding material adverse effect on capital ratios.  
Risks linked to maintenance services and tyres  
The leasing contracts entered into by the Issuer provide estimates regarding the preventive and curative 
maintenance, tyre change costs, body repair, roadside assistance, etc. Costs of maintenance, tyres, body 
repair and glasses represented altogether about EUR 1.2 billion in 2020. However, the actual costs of 
maintenance incurred during the contract life may be greater than the costs forecasted and included in the 
quotation at the beginning of the contract.  
Maintenance pricing setting is done locally using scores calibrated on local historical statistics. A global 
review of the maintenance margins is carried out for each of the thirty (30) countries2 in which the Arval 
Group operates on a regular basis in order to backtest the pricing assumptions in terms of costs and 
                                                          
 
2 Arval Group entities propose their leasing services in 30 countries. Arval Group is also present in Ireland where the insurance company Greenval 
is incorporated.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
frequencies and to make the necessary adjustments if maintenance and tyre costs are higher in the latter 
part than in the first part of a contract’s life. 
The costs described above may be influenced by a number of factors that include, extension of 
maintenance to services not initially included, maintenance frequency higher than initial assumptions 
(poor evaluation, type of usage on the part of customers), price of supplies needed for maintenance of 
vehicles higher than initially estimated, labour cost higher than initially estimated. 
The Issuer’s pricing structure and assumptions regarding the future maintenance and repair costs and tyre 
costs of the vehicles in its fleet over the term of the lease may prove to be inaccurate. As most of the 
Issuer’s leases are on a fixed-fee basis, the Issuer may not be able to pass on the increased prices to its 
existing customers, which may in turn result in reduced margin or losses on the relevant leasing contracts. 
The Issuer may not be able to recover the unbudgeted costs and this could have an adverse impact on the 
Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Dependence on third-party providers 
The Arval Group may distribute vehicle leasing services either in the “direct channel” or “indirect 
channel”. These indirect contractual arrangements accounted for 26% of the total fleet in full service 
leasing (including private lease contracts) of the Arval Group at 31 December 2020 (out of which 8% are 
constituted by contractual arrangements concluded with external partners and 18% by contractual 
arrangements with BNP Group).  
 
External bank: in particular, the leasing activities of one European subsidiary of the Issuer are partly 
based on contractual relationships with an external bank acting as intermediary in the distribution of 
vehicle leasing contracts and, as this contractual arrangements accounted for 4% of the total fleet 
(including private lease contracts) of Arval Group at 31 December 2020, Arval Group may face a 
temporary decrease of its total fleet upon termination by such counterparty of these contractual 
arrangements. 
 
Car manufacturers and dealers: the Issuer also depends on car manufacturers and dealers for the 
supply of attractive vehicle models on competitive terms, in sufficient quantities, with satisfactory 
quality and on a timeline compatible with its business model (during the year 2020, Arval Group have 
registered 349,800 new vehicles) and for maintenance and spare parts. Arval Group entities also rely 
on other suppliers of aftersales service. In addition, the Issuer’s vehicles and their components or 
equipment may become subject to recalls by their manufacturers or by governments, which would 
negatively impact its business. 
 
Other suppliers: the Issuer also depends on short-term rental companies in order to propose 
replacement vehicles to its long-term leasing customers. Arval Group is working in this respect with 
several short-term rental operators that enable some flexibility towards the client. During the year 
2020, Arval Group’s have paid 57,7 million of euros of short term rental costs. Therefore, the Issuer 
could be negatively impacted in circumstances where such companies would not be able to continue 
providing short-term rental services to the Issuer. It should be noted however that relief vehicles may 
also be provided by Arval third party suppliers under roadside assistance contracts. 
The Issuer uses partners for maintenance, towing or the supply of replacement vehicles. This situation 
creates sometimes situation of dependency which may generate pricing risks, and the quality of 
service and quality of the customer management may be deteriorated, which could have an adverse 
impact on the Issuer’s reputation, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
B. Credit risks 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk from customers who may default in respect of their payment 
obligations 
The credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from the inability of customers or contractual counterparties of 
the Issuer to meet the financial commitments in their contracts. This includes the risk of a default on lease 
payments and accounts receivable due to the Issuer. 
The Issuer credit risk depends heavily on: 
 
the concentration and risk profile of its customers: the Issuer’s portfolio is not concentrated per client: 
Top 10 large corporate clients (other than BNP Group (being BNP Paribas together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries, the “BNP Group”)) represent only 7% of the total exposure at 30 June 2021. 
Top 20 large corporate clients represent twelve (12%) per cent of total exposure at 30 June 2021; 
 
the geographical and industry segmentation of its credit exposure: the Issuer’s portfolio is well 
diversified by industry: 
o 
No large industry segment exceeds thirteen (13%) per cent of the portfolio at 30 June 2021;  
o 
Sensitive industry to the Covid-19 crisis only represents a very small part of the portfolio: 
aviation/air transportation, automotive, retail nonfood, textile, and tourism/leisure, all together 
account for around eight point four (8.4%) per cent of the portfolio at 30 June 2021; 
o 
Automotive segment represents two (2%) per cent at 30 June 2021; 
 
the nature of this credit exposure and the quality of its leased vehicles portfolio: the Issuer’s client 
portfolio has a good credit profile with the investment grade part at fifty-four (54%) per cent at 30 
June 2021 (56% at 31 December 2020). One third of the portfolio is the equivalent of a “BB” credit 
rating, which let only a small part (six (6%) per cent) rated “B” and below. The Issuer applies the 
global rating policy of BNP Group, adopts systematically BNP Paribas ratings for shared clients with 
BNP Paribas and achieves systematically annual internal rating review; 
 
economic factors may influence customers’ capacity to make scheduled payments, including business 
failures, corporate debt levels and debt service burdens and demand for the products and services of 
its customers. For instance, during the global economic crisis in 2008 and 2009, the Issuer briefly 
experienced moderately higher default rates from corporate and small and medium sized enterprises. 
Since 2016, the cost of risk has remained below 23 bps annually (20bps in 2019). It was 30 bps in 
2020 in relation with Covid crisis. It was 14 bps in the first half of 2021. The large share of B2B with 
large corporate clients let Issuer’s business has an overall low credit risk (historically around 20bps): 
o 
Corporate clients usually pay their rental even if they face difficulties as they need the vehicles 
for their activity. The cost of risk is low for this segment (around 10bps). 
o 
The Issuer remains owner of the vehicles and can get them back if the rental is not paid. 
o 
Credit risk is higher in the retail segment (around 50bps). 
o 
At the end of December 2020, annualized cost of risk amounted to 30 bps (16 bps for the first 
nine months of 2021).

--- Page 19 ---
19 
At 30 June 2021, the Issuer receivables with customers and financial institutions was EUR 242.7 million3. 
At this same date, the Issuer had EUR 34.4 million in allowances for impairment concerning trade 
receivables, thus net receivables of EUR 208.3 million4.  
While the Issuer generally has the ability to recover and resell leased vehicles following a customer 
default, the resale value of the recovered vehicles may not be adequate to cover its loss as a result of a 
default. The Issuer may not be able to resell the relevant vehicle at all which could have an adverse impact 
on the Issuer’s results of operations.  
If several countries go into recession as a result of the Covid-19 crisis, the clients' default rates could rise 
despite the preventive measures taken by the Issuer (tighter lending criteria, greater attention to 
collection). 
Arval Group is exposed to credit risk from its counterparties on its investment portfolio instruments 
and reinsurance contracts 
Greenval, the fully owned insurance subsidiary of Arval, enters into reinsurance agreements with ten 
reinsurers with respect to third-party liability and natural catastrophic events, ceded premiums to 
reinsurers representing circa 10% of Greenval GWP. Its reinsurance agreements and investment portfolio 
holdings arrangements expose Greenval to credit risk in the event of a default of its counterparties. It is 
therefore possible that Greenval could suffer losses because of its counterparty exposures and such losses 
could have a material adverse effect on its revenues, reserves and profit. Risk impact on the Greenval 
investment portfolio on a single (non BNP Group) counterparty/issuer is limited by Greenval investment 
policy at 5% of the investments held. Furthermore, Greenval solvency margin cover has grown from 152% 
at fourth quarter 2019 to 219% at fourth quarter 2020, reflecting the significant increase in the capital 
base of Greenval while the Solvency Capital Requirement also increased, albeit to a smaller degree.  
C. Strategic risks 
Risks linked to the Issuer’s competitiveness and strategy 
The Issuer is exposed to a risk related to its competitive and strategic environment, which is a risk 
including loss of clients, volumes of activity, or revenues resulting from the inability to maintain its 
competitive position or to carry out its strategy.  
Intense competition from a variety of competitors: The Issuer operates in a competitive industry 
characterized by consolidation in a number of its core markets, particularly in the more mature European 
markets. On a global scale, the full-service leasing market remains fragmented, with few players providing 
global coverage. The Issuer’s key competitors are the ALD group, LeasePlan and Alphabet, which are 
international multi-brand leasing companies operating in the same geographies as the Issuer. Arval Group 
is the European leader in the multibrand full service leasing market. At the end of December 2020, Arval 
Group’s full service leasing fleet reached 1,382 thousand vehicles (1,441 thousand vehicles as at 30 
September 2021), to be compared with 1,372 thousand vehicles for ALD (1,382 thousand vehicles as at 
30 September 2021)5 and to 1,311 thousand vehicles estimated for LeasePlan (1,311 thousand vehicles 
                                                          
 
3 Arval’s unaudited non-consolidated accounts. 
4 Arval’s unaudited non-consolidated accounts. 
5ALD Q4-2020 and Q3-2021 results press release.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
estimated as at 30 September 2021)6. Alphabet reported 705 thousand fleet contracts at the end of 20207. 
On the 6 January 2022, ALD announced the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding to acquire 100% 
of LeasePlan. The closing of the transaction, which is expected by end 2022 and is subject to several 
closing conditions, would create the leader in multi brand full service leasing. 
The Issuer’s principal competitors are, at the global level, international independent operators, bank 
affiliates and car manufacturer captives. In addition, in certain markets, the Issuer may be in competition 
with local players.  
Pressure on the prices charged for its services: The Issuer’s competitors, some of whom belong to group 
held by car manufacturers or banks that may have access to substantial funding at a low cost, may seek 
to compete aggressively on the basis of pricing, particularly with the consolidation of main players. 
Further, the Issuer may be required by customers to match competitors’ downward pricing either to 
maintain or gain market share, which may adversely affect the margins that can be achieved and the results 
of operations of the Issuer. If the Issuer's prices are too far from those of its competitors, it may lose 
customers and/or business volume. 
Continuous development of new services: In addition, the Issuer’s positioning is dependent on its ability 
to meet customers’ expectations i.e. its ability to continuously improve its existing range of products and 
services and to develop new products, services, systems and software that meet the evolving needs of its 
customers. Technological advancements may lead to changes in customer behaviour, especially in relation 
to mobility patterns, which may require the Issuer to make substantial investments in order to stay abreast 
of such developments; technological advancements may also result in car manufacturers offering mobility 
solutions on the basis of self-driving vehicles, thereby circumventing vehicle rental and leasing providers 
and increasing competition in the vehicle rental and leasing industry. Therefore, the Issuer may be unable 
to compete successfully or competition may increase in the businesses in which it operates, which may 
affect the Issuer’s business, financial position or results of operations.  
Also, the Issuer intends to develop its business and its growth ambitions involve expansion into selective 
segments, such as increasing penetration of the retail segment, development in specific geographical 
areas, which has an higher cost of risk than the corporate one.  
Arval Group strategic objectives are detailed in the “Arval Beyond” plan launched to target these new 
objectives for the years 2020-2025. Arval Beyond strategic plan is a roadmap for the Arval Group between 
now and 2025 with the following targets: 
- 
Arval’s growth and financial performance through in particular reaching 2 million leased cars 
worldwide; 
- 
Arval’s CSR & Energy Transition resulting in 700,000 electrified vehicles in its fleet, 30% reduction 
in CO2 emissions vs. 2020, and Arval remaining a carbon neutral company; 
- 
A business model, covering a wider mobility concept including the car; 
- 
The percentage of the women’s share in Arval’s COMEX being 40%.  
Any future recession could have a material adverse impact on the execution of the Issuer’s growth 
strategy, however if the Issuer is unable to develop into these new markets, to expand into new areas or 
                                                          
 
6 LeasePlan Q4-2020 and Q3-2021 results press release and Arval's management estimation based on the following total fleet breakdown for 
LeasePlan at 2019 year end: 71% full service leasing, 27% fleet management (LeasePlan's 2019 annual report), 2% financial leasing (and at 30 
September 2021: 74% full service leasing, 25% fleet management, 1% financial leasing). 
7BMW 2020 annual report.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
with new categories of customers, and fails to successfully implement its strategy or if it does not yield 
the expected results, this could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, 
revenues, reputation, and results of operations. 
D. Operational risks 
Epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and their 
economic consequences may adversely affect Arval Group’s business, operations, results and financial 
condition. 
Since emerging in China in December 2019 a novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) became a 
pandemic and spread globally, with a high concentration of cases in several countries in which Arval 
Group operates. Both the pandemic and government measures taken in response (border closings, travel 
restrictions, lockdown measures, vaccine accelerated process …) have had a major impact, both direct 
and indirect, on economic activity and financial markets globally. In particular, the sharp slowdowns of 
the economies in many regions as well as the reduction in global trade and commerce more generally 
have had severe negative effects on global economic conditions as global production, investments, and 
will continue to affect supply chains and consumer spending. 
In response to the adverse economic and market consequences of the pandemic, various governments and 
central banks have taken or announced measures to support the economy (loan guarantee schemes, tax 
payment deferrals, expanded unemployment coverage…) or to improve liquidity in the financial markets 
(increased asset purchases, funding facilities…). Such measures have eased the negative effects of the 
pandemic on the economy regionally or globally, without fully mitigating regional or global recessions 
or to stabilize financial markets fully and sustainably. However economic environment has improved in 
2021 but remain uncertain. Arval Group’s results and financial condition could be adversely affected 
notably by supply chain issues on semiconductors and other commodities that affect new car deliveries 
in its principal markets. The containment measures taken in several of the principal countries where Arval 
Group operates, have significantly reduced economic activity to recessionary levels in 2020 and a 
substantial reinstitution of such measures, in case of a new severe wave of Covid would have a similar 
effect. Arval Group’s results have been affected in 2020 by such measures due to reduced revenues and 
to deteriorated credit quality both generally and in specific sectors that are particularly affected. 
Uncertainty as to the duration and extent of the pandemic’s remaining course as well as the pace of 
emergence from lockdowns and loosening of mobility and other restrictions makes the overall impact on 
the economies of Arval Group’s principal markets as well as the world economy difficult to predict. The 
extent to which the economic consequences of the pandemic will continue to affect Arval Group’s results 
and financial condition will indeed depend largely on (i) the timing and extent of a return to pre-pandemic 
lifestyles, business operations and economic interactions, (ii) the effects of the measures taken to date or 
future measures that may be taken by governments and central banks to attenuate the economic fallout of 
the pandemic and (iii) the duration and extent of the pandemic’s remaining course, including the prospect 
of additional waves and hence of a reinstitution of containment measures in the various markets where 
Arval Group operates.  
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes may be 
materially affected by the evolution of results of operations and financial position of BNP Group within 
the COVID-19 crisis since the Issuer remains dependent on BNP Paribas for the financing of its activity 
(see also risk factor “Liquidity risks”). 
Regarding the impacts of this crisis on the Issuer’s business, it is too early to draw any detailed 
conclusions, but we can expect an impact if the general lockdown measures are renewed.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Different direct impacts have already been seen in 2020: 
 
requests to delay payments by some companies whose business has been hard hit by lockdown 
measures; 
 
a significant fall in sales of used vehicles due to lockdown measures and as a consequence delays in 
the sale of used cars and increased stocks; a recovery of the used car market was observed after the 
end of the first lockdown in the second quarter of 2020;  
 
in some countries vehicles cannot be registered which effectively means that the clients have to keep 
their old vehicles (lease extensions); it being specified that Arval Group also proposed proactively 
extensions to its clients; 
 
an increase in refinancing costs;  
 
delays in receiving deliveries of spare parts, which could result in greater demand for replacement 
vehicle services provided to clients; 
 
on the other hand, the less intensive use of the vehicles due to lockdown measures will have a positive 
impact on their value. 
Indirect impacts can be expected over the longer term if several large countries enter into stagnation or 
economic recession: 
 
higher default rates among the clients (even though most of the receivables are protected by 
ownership of the vehicles); 
 
a fall-off in demand for leasing, whose ultimate impact will depend on the length and depth of the 
crisis, currently difficult to gauge; 
 
risk of a fall in demand for used vehicles, prompting a fall in profit generated by resale of used 
vehicles and, potentially, the need to book additional impairment of the existing fleet; 
 
lower availability of refinancing sources and higher cost of debt (in particular if the Issuer or BNP 
Paribas ratings were downgraded); 
 
a deterioration in the cost/income ratio due to the lower increase in business activity. In anticipation 
of this, measures have been taken to limit non-essential investments.  
Arval Group showed in 2020 good resilience to COVID-19 crisis thanks to the diversity of its income 
sources and the long term maturity of its vehicle leasing contracts. COVID-19 crisis had however a direct 
adverse impact on the results with the increase in the risk costs of EUR 24 (twenty four) million in 2020 
in comparison with 2019.  
First 2021 Semester showed better results with much less Cost of Risk than in 2020, and good Used Car 
sale revenues due to tensions on used car market generated by new car shortage and a favourable demand 
level for cars.  
Risks linked to the Issuer’s IT systems  
The Issuer relies on internal and external information and technological systems to manage its operations 
and is dependent on the smooth functioning of its software systems, websites and mobile applications, 
and on its ability to continue to adapt them to future technological developments. The Issuer is exposed 
to risk of loss resulting from breaches of security, system or control failures, inadequate or failed 
processes, human error, business interruptions and external events. The Issuer’s ability to provide reliable

--- Page 23 ---
23 
services, competitive pricing and accurate and timely reporting for its customers depends on the efficient 
operation and user-friendly design of its back-office platforms, internal software, websites and mobile 
applications as well as services provided by third-party providers. The Issuer uses BNP Paribas 
datacenters and also has outsourcing arrangements with a number of third parties and into a number of 
countries, notably in respect of IT and back office activity.  
IT risks may imply loss of the Issuer’s capacity to maintain and improve the responsiveness, features and 
characteristics of its technologies and information systems, the widespread adoption of new web, 
networking or telecommunications technologies or other technological changes could require substantial 
expenditures to modify or upgrade the Issuer’s websites and mobile applications, in order to continue to 
compete. 
Any disruption of its servicing activity, due to inability to access or accurately maintain the Issuer’s 
account records or otherwise, could have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s ability to collect on 
those receivables and/or satisfy its customers. In addition, any failure of sub-contractors to deliver their 
services in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and at an adequate level could affect the 
Issuer’s business, financial position, and reputation. 
IT systems are core resource of the Issuer as they support business processes in the day to day operations 
both in the context of its relations with customers, retail and corporate, and with suppliers or commercial 
partners. The use of the Internet and mobile services as an independent and cost-efficient sales and 
communications channel of the Issuer could be affected by a number of associated risks, e.g. uncertainties 
in respect of the protection of intellectual property or the registered domains, possible violation of data 
protection provisions relating to the safeguarding of customer related personal information, the 
dependence on technological conditions, system failures, fraud, virus and spyware, which could have a 
material adverse impact on the business, financial condition, operating results of the Issuer. In addition, 
new offers providing highly connected leasing services and new digitalized services may increase such 
IT risks. 
For its information technology infrastructure the Issuer is partially dependent on BNP Paribas, which 
provides network connectivity, security environment and datacenter capabilities, support under the terms 
of a services agreement. BNP Paribas’s inability to provide the service may affect the activity of the Issuer 
and potentially result in financial losses or reputational damages. This also may come from external IT 
infrastructure suppliers. As an example, an IT outage in 2019 linked to an external equipment supplier 
temporarily affected Arval Group entities’ ability to access to data or to run some tasks. It is considered 
that a serious IT incident could result in losses up to 5 million euros depending of course on the importance 
of such incident.  
Risks linked to disruption to or cyberattacks on the Issuer’s information technology systems  
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of disruption of its information technology systems and cybercrime 
attacks by employees or third parties. System malfunctions and faults in the computer systems, hardware 
and software, including server failures or possible attacks from the outside, for instance attacks originating 
from criminal hackers or computer viruses create the risk that IT services will not be available. Due to its 
digitalized business, and in particular, the constant increase in vehicle connectivity, the Issuer is exposed 
to cyberattacks, which may target the Issuer, its customers and partners. Such threats may for example 
target data theft and are intensified by the introduction of new technologies. 
Any system malfunction, unauthorized usage, or cybersecurity attack that results in the publication of the 
Issuer’s trade secrets or other confidential business and client information, such as information or personal

--- Page 24 ---
24 
data leaks, could negatively affect the Issuer’s competitive position or the value of its investments in its 
products or its research and development efforts, and expose it to legal liability. 
This liability could include penalties imposed by any relevant competent authority, claims from its 
commercial partners, impersonation or other similar fraud claims as well as for other misuses of personal 
information, including unauthorised marketing purposes, and any of these claims could result in litigation. 
Any of these events could materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to conduct its business 
operations, increase its risk of loss resulting from disruptions of operating procedures, cause the Issuer to 
incur important information verification costs, and potentially result in financial losses or reputational 
damages. 
Brexit Risks 
The United Kingdom (“UK”) left the European Union (“EU”) on 31 January 2020 at 11pm and the 
transition period ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and 
the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and 
secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK. The EU-UK 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the “Trade and Cooperation Agreement”), which governs relations 
between the EU and UK following the end of the Brexit transition period and which had provisional 
application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered into force on 1 May 2021. 
Arval Group is active in the UK, with a fleet representing 13% of the rental fleet within the countries and 
regions in which Arval Group operates in 2020, and a gross operating income of EUR 166 million in the 
UK for 2020. Although Arval Group has prepared for Brexit with a view to ensuring the continuity of its 
activities, it is exposed to Brexit risks and could be adversely impacted.  
In practice, Arval Group has worked with the British and European regulators in order to ensure the 
continuity of its operational systems and has prepared various adaptation measures to enable clients based 
in the United Kingdom, to continue to benefit from Arval Group’s broad range of products and services 
at the end of the transition period. With respect to Arval Group, the potential impact of Brexit is assessed 
in case of adverse scenarios in the range of EUR five (5) to ten (10) million. 
E. Legal risks 
Risks linked to changes in laws and regulations  
Due to its worldwide presence in thirty (30) countries, Arval Group is active in a complex legal, 
regulatory, and fiscal environment and subject to a wide range of laws and regulations, treaties or other 
arrangements between or among the countries in which it operates. On top of differences of understanding 
linked to local legislations, the operational entities are subject to various regulations, notably those 
relating to the sale and distribution of insurance products, personal data protection, competition law, tax 
regulations and consumer law, with the development of private lease. This risk is all the more significant 
since the phenomenon of legislative and regulatory inflation makes the environment less and less stable. 
A failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to Arval Group may result in fine and 
penalties and could materially impact its reputation, business, financial position and prospects. 
In the course of its business, the Issuer is required to collect, process, handle or store confidential 
information or personal data. In this respect, the Issuer continues to adapt to the requirements of the 
European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) (notably in the context of connected cars, 
mobile application to assist drivers, collect of client consent, cookies policy etc.). Although the Issuer (i) 
has a Chief Data Officer (CDO) network, a Data Protection Officer (DPO) network and data protection

--- Page 25 ---
25 
lawyers, (ii) drafts and implements GDPR compliance procedures and processes, and (iii) is regularly 
updating data subjects information notices, documentation and (client and supplier) agreements in respect 
of GDPR requirements, failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR could have an adverse 
impact on the Issuer’s financial position and reputation.  
F. Market Risks 
Liquidity risks 
The Issuer’s ongoing operations, expansion, and growth ambitions require access to significant amounts 
of funding. The Issuer is therefore exposed to liquidity risk, which is the risk of not being able to meet 
cash flow requirements when they fall due and at a reasonable price due to insufficient liquidity, for 
instance, to finance new vehicle purchases for lease contracts. A structural liquidity position is derived 
from the maturities of all outstanding balance sheet or off-balance sheet positions according to their 
liquidity profile. 
The Issuer remains dependent for the financing of its development on BNP Paribas, which brings about 
90% of the Issuer’s funding needs. 
The risk of not accessing existing or new sources of funds, in sufficient quantity, on favourable terms, or 
at a satisfactory price, may lead to insufficient liquidity, which would have a material adverse impact on 
the Issuer’s business, liquidity, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.  
Interest and exchange rate risk 
Arval Group is marginally exposed to interest rate risk. Arval Group’s policy consists in financing the 
underlying assets with fixed rate loans as lease contracts are mostly priced at fixed rates, in order to avoid 
any mismatch between assets and liabilities. There can be however a residual discrepancy (surplus or 
deficit) in the forecast fixed rates position of each entity. Arval Group calculates periodically interest rate 
sensitivity and sensitivity limits are assessed for each entity. Although the Issuer monitors its interest rate 
risk using a methodology common to Arval Group, risk hedging may not always be appropriate and 
changes in interest rates cannot be always predicted or hedged, which could adversely affect Arval 
Group’s business, financial condition and operating results. 
Arval Group’s exposure to a foreign exchange risk in countries outside the Euro zone relates to GBP (12% 
of funding), and other currencies (13, mainly in emerging markets) representing 9% of the total funding 
exposure.  
Arval Group’s functional and reporting currency is the Euro. However, Arval Group is present in thirty 
(30) countries8, some of which being countries outside the Euro zone, and has substantial assets, liabilities, 
revenues and costs denominated in foreign currencies. Due to its international activity, Arval Group is 
exposed to foreign exchange risks, such as high volatility of exchange rates, related to inflows and 
outflows of cash from daily business activities as well as participations in subsidiaries established outside 
the Euro zone. Currency risks related to current business activities are limited, as there are no cross-border 
leasing activities. Leasing contracts and financing of Arval Group are originated in local currencies 
preventing any cross border currency risk. Arval Group may also incur a currency risk related to the 
conversion of net results generated in local currencies. When Arval Group prepares its consolidated 
financial statements, it must translate foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities, monetary and 
non-monetary, into Euro using the spot exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Income and expense items 
                                                          
 
8 Arval Group entities propose their leasing services in 30 countries. Arval Group is also present in Ireland where the insurance company 
Greenval is incorporated.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
are translated at the average rate for the period. The Arval Group recorded a net foreign exchange loss of 
10.6 million euros for 2020 (0.2 million euros in foreign exchange gain in the first half of 2021).  
Fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations, and could also significantly affect the comparability of Arval Group’s results of 
operations between periods.  
The greater volatility of the markets following the Covid-19 crisis has led to an increase in interest rate 
and exchange rate risks. 
II 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
A. RISKS FOR THE NOTEHOLDERS AS CREDITORS OF THE ISSUER  
1. Risks related to the legal framework applicable to the Issuer 
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as 
from 1 October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes for the 
purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises 
claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. 
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning 
that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected 
parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of 
creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating 
members, no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the 
court at the request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting 
classes through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in 
Condition 11 will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency 
law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on 
the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected

--- Page 27 ---
27 
parties, could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of 
their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer.  
2. Risks related to the terms and conditions of the Notes 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and waivers 
Condition 11 contains provisions for collective decisions to consider matters affecting their interest generally 
to be adopted either through a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by consent following a written 
consultation (the “Written Resolution”). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant General Meeting or did not consent to the 
Written Resolution and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Collective decisions 
deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the 
limitation provided by French law and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If a decision is adopted by a 
majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this 
may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may lose part of their 
investment. 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the credit 
worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under 
the Notes, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
B. RISKS RELATED TO A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of 
such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under a Make-
Whole Redemption option as provided in Condition 6(b), a Residual Maturity Call Option as provided in 
Condition 6(c), a Clean-up Call Option as provided in Condition 6(d) or a Call Option as provided in 
Condition 6(e). In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the threshold of 
80% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to 
be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving 
of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading 
significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
In addition, the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall, redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, 
further to the occurrence of certain withholding tax events described in Condition 6(j). 
With respect to the Residual Maturity Call Option, if such option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 6(c) of the Terms and 
Condition of the Notes at any time as from (and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) until (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes may have a significant impact on their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. As a consequence, the yields received upon

--- Page 28 ---
28 
redemption may be significantly lower than expected. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. This could have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders, who may lose all or a 
substantial part of the capital invested in the Notes. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing 
the Notes and could have significant financial impact on the Noteholders. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the 
nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. Depending on 
the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, such partial redemption may have a 
material adverse effect on the liquidity of any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which 
such option is not exercised. 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer and the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer are 
exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of such options by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(b) and the Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(e) are exercisable in whole or in part. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing 
the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed.  
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders 
may lose part of their investment. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders 
In accordance with Condition 6(h) and Condition 6(g), (i) the Noteholders are entitled to exercise a Change 
of Control Put Option in the event of a Change of Control and (ii) the Final Terms for a particular issue of 
Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Noteholders through the exercise of a Put 
Option. Exercise of a Put Option in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same 
Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option provided in the 
relevant Final Terms or the Change of Control Put Option is exercised, any trading market in respect of those 
Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid, which shall in turn adversely 
impact those Noteholders from a financial point of view. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. While the nominal interest 
rate of the Fixed Rate Notes is fixed during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital 
markets ("market interest rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the 
market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest

--- Page 29 ---
29 
rate increases, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the Notes 
would typically increase, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The 
degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Fixed 
Rate Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a 
reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, 
the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) 
which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the 
next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and 
Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase 
them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed 
interest periods. If the Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue 
Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes 
(and vice versa). Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence 
of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant 
margin, be lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less 
than zero. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their 
interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change, or that the Issuer may elect to convert, from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. The conversion of the interest rate 
(whether automatic or optional) will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the 
conversion from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. 
In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the rate is 
automatically converted from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on its Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and “Floating 
Rate Notes”. 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
As contemplated by Condition 5(e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. The market values of the Zero 
Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, in 
similar market conditions, the holders of Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a

--- Page 30 ---
30 
substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, could be subject to higher losses on their 
investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any 
such volatility may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks”  
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(c), the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) published in the Official Journal of the EU 
on 29 June 2016 and applicable since 1 January 2018.  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provisions of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a 
“benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EEA.  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(G) (Benchmark discontinuation), which seek to 
mitigate any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material adverse 
impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular: 
- 
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity (including 
the Issuer) in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if 
based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and  
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirement of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the “benchmark” and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment 
or receive less income than would have been the case without such change. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks”, or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain 
“benchmarks”. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes - please refer to the risk factor entitled "The

--- Page 31 ---
31 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below). However, such fallback provisions may be 
deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the relevant national authority, as further explained below. 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, 
this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the 
application of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the relevant benchmark is expressed 
on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if 
Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 12 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for 
certain benchmarks on the European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no 
suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. These provisions 
could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the 
Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time 
or may perform differently from the discontinued or unavailable benchmark. However, there are still 
uncertainties as to the exact implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts taken by the 
European Commission. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are 
extended until the end of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until 
the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or 
regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any such Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, Condition 5(c)(iii)(G) (Benchmark Discontinuation) provides for certain 
fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate 
(such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any mid-swap 
rate, but shall exclude SOFR and SONIA), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, 
becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted 
lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation 
or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(G), with or without the 
application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied 
with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper

--- Page 32 ---
32 
operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and 
without the consent of the Noteholders.  
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined or due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates 
and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time, in all these circumstances other fallback rules might apply if the benchmark is 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable, which consist in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period to be used for the following Interest Period(s), as set out in the risk factor above entitled “The 
regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks”. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors holding such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate 
environment, Noteholders will not benefit from any increase in rates.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes and as 
a result, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have 
a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could 
have unexpected commercial consequences and might not be favourable to each Noteholder.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount invested 
in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) allows Notes referencing the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) to be issued. 
Currently, the market continues to develop in relation to the adoption of the SONIA as an alternative 
reference rate to LIBOR. Investors should be aware that the market may adopt an application of SONIA that 
differs significantly from the provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (see Condition 
5(c)) and used in relation to Notes with a floating rate of interest that reference a SONIA rate. Interest on 
Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant interest 
period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and it could be difficult for investors to 
estimate in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Notes. 
The use of Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as a reference rate is subject to important 
limitations 
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR, (as further described under 
Condition 5(c)). 
In June 2017, the New York Federal Reserve’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the “ARRC”) 
announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. However, the composition and 
characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury repo financing 
rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions. This means that SOFR is fundamentally different 
from LIBOR for two key reasons. First, SOFR is a secured rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Second, 
SOFR is an overnight rate, while LIBOR represents interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, 
that SOFR may not perform in the same way as LIBOR would have at any time, including, without 
limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or

--- Page 33 ---
33 
regional economic, financial, political, or regulatory events. For example, since publication of SOFR began 
in April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmark or other market rates. 
As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with interest periods longer than 
overnight will be calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant interest 
period or compounding SOFR during the relevant interest period. As a consequence of this calculation 
method, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of 
time prior to the relevant interest payment date. Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest 
amount which will be payable on such Notes. 
Although the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical indicative SOFR information 
going back to 2014, such prepublication of historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Noteholders should not rely on any historical changes or trends in the SOFR as an indicator 
of future changes in the SOFR. 
Also, since the SOFR is a relatively new market index, the Notes will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed on SOFR, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the Notes may be 
lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the SOFR does not prove to 
be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt 
securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Noteholders may not be able to sell the Notes at all or 
may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of the SOFR is 
subject to important limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may 
alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR at 
any time without notice. In addition, SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based 
on data received from other sources. There can be no guarantee that the SOFR will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. If the manner 
in which the SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may 
result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and a reduction in the 
trading prices of the Notes which would have an adverse effect on the Noteholders who could lose part of 
their investment. 
 
C. RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET OF THE NOTES 
Liquidity risks/Trading Market for the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market or any other stock exchanges. The Notes may not have an established 
trading market when issued, and one may never develop. The absence of liquidity may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number 
of factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition and/or, the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or the Arval Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such 
as the complexity and volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be paid in 
respect of such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes,

--- Page 34 ---
34 
any redemption features of the Notes, the performance of other instruments linked to the reference rates and 
the level, direction and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of 
the Notes. In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and 
therefore may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional 
debt securities. 
Although in relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, application to admission 
to trading will be subject to compliance with Euronext listing requirements. If an active market for the Notes 
does not develop or is not sustained, the market price or the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will 
enable investors to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency in accordance with 
Condition 5. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes, all of 
which could have a significant adverse effect on the return on the investment of the investors. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors whose financial activities are 
carried out or dependent principally in a currency other than euro may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the 
perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. At 
the date of this Base Prospectus, Arval’s long-term credit ratings are A/ Stable outlook (Fitch) and A-/ Stable 
outlook (S&P), as described in the section “General Description of the Programme”. The rating of the Notes 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Following the date of this Base Prospectus, any such ratings might not continue for any period of time and 
might be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies as a result of changes 
in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so warrant. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is revised, lowered, suspended or withdrawn, this may adversely affect 
the market value of the Notes. Further, Rating Agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. If non-
solicited ratings are assigned, such ratings might differ from, or be lower than, the ratings sought by the 
Issuer. 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Tranche of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market, as it shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Therefore,

--- Page 35 ---
35 
the market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, including market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date.  
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, and including also factors affecting capital markets generally and 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The 
price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could 
be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, all or part 
of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder 
in such case would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements that 
are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and 
growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory 
changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by 
or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a 
result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as at the date hereof. These forward looking statements do not constitute profit 
forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. Forward-
looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Issuer does not undertake any obligation 
to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, to reflect new information, future events or 
circumstances or otherwise. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates 
under the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the table below 
included in the following documents (see hyperlinks in pink below): 
a. 
the unaudited consolidated half-year financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 June 2021 and 
the related notes thereto prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
as adopted by the European Union and the statutory auditors’ limited review report thereon (the 
“Consolidated Financial Statements - First half 2021”);  
b. the press release relating to the Consolidated Financial Statements - First half 2021 of the Issuer 
dated 10 September 2021 (the “2021 Half-Year Results Press Release”); 
c. 
the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020 and the related notes thereto prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and the statutory auditors’ report thereon 
(the “2020 Consolidated Financial Statements”);  
d. the press release relating to the 2020 full year results of the Issuer dated 10 March 2021 (the 
“2020 Full Year Results Press Release”); 
e. 
the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2018 and 31 December 2019 and the related notes thereto prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and the 
statutory auditors’ audit report thereon (the “2018 and 2019 Consolidated Financial 
Statements”); and 
f. 
the combined audited financial statements of the Issuer and Greenval as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 and the related notes thereto prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
and the statutory auditor’audit report thereon (the “2018 and 2019 Combined Financial 
Statements”). Greenval was integrated within the functional Arval perimeter but since it has 
been acquired from BNP Paribas Ireland in 2020, Greeval was not included in the 2018 and 2019 
Consolidated Financial Statements. The 2018 and 2019 Combined Financial Statements are the 
sum of the 2018 and 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements (entities belonging directly or 
indirectly to the Issuer) plus Greenval accounts. The inter-company flows between Greenval and 
Arval entities have been eliminated as currently done during a consolidation process.  
The sections referred to in the table below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in a section which is deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts of the documents 
incorporated by reference are either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Copies of the Consolidated Financial Statements - First half 2021, the 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, the 2018 and 2019 Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2018 and 2019 Combined Financial 
Statements which contain the sections incorporated by reference are published and available on the website 
of the Issuer (www.arval.com/investors) and may be obtained without charge from the registered office of the 
Issuer during normal business hours.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested 
to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the "Commission Delegated Regulation") and not 
referred to in the cross-reference tables below is either contained in the relevant sections of this Base 
Prospectus or is not relevant to the Issuer. “Not Applicable” in the cross-reference table below means that the 
information is not relevant for the purposes of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation.  
Any information not listed in the following cross-reference table but included in the documents listed above 
is given for information purposes only. 
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list 
above, the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by reference 
herein and is for information purposes only. Therefore it does not form any part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Cross-reference table  
Commission Delegated 
Regulation – Annex 7 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements - 
First half 
2021 (page 
number) 
2021 Half- 
Year 
Results 
Press 
Release 
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
2020 Full 
Year 
Results 
Press 
Release 
2018 and 2019 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
2018 and 
2019 
Combined 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical 
financial 
information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11.1.1 Historical 
financial 
information covering the latest 
two financial years (at least 24 
months) or such shorter period 
as the Issuer has been in 
operation and the audit report 
in respect of each year. 
1 to 56 
All pages 
6 to 65 
All pages 
6 to 56 
 
6 to 58 
11.1.2 Change of accounting 
reference date 
If the Issuer has changed its 
accounting 
reference 
date 
during the period for which 
historical financial information 
is 
required, 
the 
audited 
historical financial information 
shall cover at least 24 months, 
or the entire period for which 
the 
Issuer 
has 
been 
in 
operation, 
whichever 
is 
shorter. 
Not Applicable 
Not 
Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not 
Applicable 
 
Not Applicable 
 
Not 
Applicable

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Commission Delegated 
Regulation – Annex 7 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements - 
First half 
2021 (page 
number) 
2021 Half- 
Year 
Results 
Press 
Release 
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
2020 Full 
Year 
Results 
Press 
Release 
2018 and 2019 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
2018 and 
2019 
Combined 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
11.1.3 Accounting 
Standards 
The financial information must 
be 
prepared 
according 
to 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
as 
endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1606/2002. If Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 is not applicable 
the financial statements must 
be prepared according to: 
(a) 
a 
Member 
State’s 
national accounting standards 
for issuers from the EEA as 
required 
by 
Directive 
2013/34/EU 
(b) 
a 
third 
country’s 
national accounting standards 
equivalent to Regulation (EC) 
No 
1606/2002 
for 
third 
country issuers. 
Otherwise 
the 
following 
information must be included 
in the registration document: 
(a) 
a prominent statement 
that the financial information 
included in the registration 
document 
has 
not 
been 
prepared in accordance with 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
as 
endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1606/2002 and that there may 
be material differences in the 
financial 
information 
had 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1606/2002 been applied to the 
17 to 18 
Not 
Applicable 
23 to 24 
Not 
Applicable 
20 to 23 
 
21 to 24

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Commission Delegated 
Regulation – Annex 7 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements - 
First half 
2021 (page 
number) 
2021 Half- 
Year 
Results 
Press 
Release 
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
2020 Full 
Year 
Results 
Press 
Release 
2018 and 2019 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
2018 and 
2019 
Combined 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
historical 
financial 
information; 
(b) 
immediately following 
the 
historical 
financial 
information 
a 
narrative 
description of the differences 
between Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as adopted by the 
Union and the accounting 
principles adopted by the 
Issuer in preparing its annual 
financial statements. 
11.1.4 Where 
the 
audited 
financial 
information 
is 
prepared according to national 
accounting 
standards, 
the 
financial 
information 
must 
include at least the following: 
(a) 
the balance sheet; 
(b) 
the income statement; 
(c) 
the accounting policies 
and explanatory notes. 
1 to 56 
Not 
Applicable 
10 to 65 
Not 
Applicable 
10 to 56 
10 to 58 
11.1.5 Consolidated 
financial statements  
If the Issuer prepares both 
stand-alone and consolidated 
financial statements, include at 
least the consolidated financial 
statements in the registration 
document. 
1 to 56 
Not 
Applicable 
10 to 65 
Not 
Applicable 
10 to 56 
 
Not 
Applicable

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Commission Delegated 
Regulation – Annex 7 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements - 
First half 
2021 (page 
number) 
2021 Half- 
Year 
Results 
Press 
Release 
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
2020 Full 
Year 
Results 
Press 
Release 
2018 and 2019 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
2018 and 
2019 
Combined 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
11.1.6 Age 
of 
financial 
information 
The balance sheet date of the 
last year of audited financial 
information may not be older 
than 18 months from the date 
of the registration document. 
7 
Not 
Applicable 
12 
Not 
Applicable 
12 
 
12 
11.2 
Auditing of Historical 
financial information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11.2.1  The historical annual 
financial information must be 
independently audited. The 
audit report shall be prepared 
in accordance with Directive 
2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
537/2014 do not apply, the 
historical financial information 
must be audited or reported on 
as to whether or not, for the 
purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and 
fair view in accordance with 
auditing standards applicable 
in a Member State or an 
equivalent 
standard. 
Otherwise, 
the 
following 
information must be included 
in the registration document: 
(a) a prominent statement 
disclosing 
which 
auditing 
standards have been 
applied; 
(b) an explanation of any 
significant departures from 
International Standards on 
All pages 
(limited 
review report) 
 
Not 
Applicable 
 
3 to 5 
 
Not 
Applicable 
 
3 to 5 
 
3 to 5

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Commission Delegated 
Regulation – Annex 7 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements - 
First half 
2021 (page 
number) 
2021 Half- 
Year 
Results 
Press 
Release 
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
2020 Full 
Year 
Results 
Press 
Release 
2018 and 2019 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
2018 and 
2019 
Combined 
Financial 
Statements 
(page 
number) 
Auditing. 
11.2.1a Where audit reports on 
the 
historical 
financial 
information have been refused 
by the statutory auditors or 
where 
they 
contain 
qualifications, 
modifications 
of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason 
must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in 
full. 
Not Applicable 
Not 
Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not 
Applicable 
5 
5 
11.2.2 Indication 
of 
other 
information in the registration 
document which has been 
audited by the auditors. 
Not Applicable 
Not 
Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not 
Applicable 
Not Applicable 
 
Not 
Applicable 
11.2.3 Where 
financial 
information in the registration 
document is not extracted from 
the Issuer’s audited financial 
statements state the source of 
the data and state that the data 
is not audited. 
Not Applicable 
Not 
Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not 
Applicable 
Not Applicable 
 
Not 
Applicable

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 20 
2018 and 2019 Combined Financial 
Statements (page number) 
1. 
CONTENTS OF PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
1.1 
The pro forma financial information shall consist of:  
(a) 
an introduction setting out:  
(i) 
the purpose for which the pro forma financial information 
has been prepared, including a description of the 
transaction or significant commitment and the businesses 
or entities involved;  
(ii) 
the period or date covered by the pro forma financial 
information;  
(iii) 
the fact that the pro forma financial information has been 
prepared for illustrative purposes only;  
(iv) 
an explanation that:  
(i) 
the pro forma financial information illustrates the 
impact of the transaction as if the transaction had 
been undertaken at an earlier date;  
(ii) 
the hypothetical financial position or results 
included in the pro forma financial information may 
differ from the entity’s actual financial position or 
results;  
(b) 
a profit and loss account, a balance sheet or both, depending 
on the circumstances presented in a columnar format 
composed of:  
(i) 
historical unadjusted information;  
(ii) 
accounting policy adjustments, where necessary;  
(iii) 
pro forma adjustments;  
(iv) 
the results of the pro forma financial information in the 
final column;  
(c) 
accompanying notes explaining:  
(i) 
the sources from which the unadjusted financial 
information has been extracted and whether or not an audit 
or review report on the source has been published;  
(ii) 
the basis upon which the pro forma financial information is 
prepared;  
(iii) 
source and explanation for each adjustment;  
(iv) 
whether each adjustment in respect of a pro forma profit 
and loss statement is expected to have a continuing impact 
on the issuer or not;  
(d) 
where applicable, the financial information and interim 
financial information of the (or to be) acquired businesses or 
 
 
9 
 
 
6; 9 
 
9 
 
9 
 
 
 
 
 
10-12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15-58 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 20 
2018 and 2019 Combined Financial 
Statements (page number) 
entities used in the preparation of the pro forma financial 
information must be included in the prospectus. 
 
2. 
PRINCIPLES IN PREPARING AND PRESENTING PRO 
FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
2.1 
The pro forma financial information shall be identified as such in 
order to distinguish it from historical financial information.  
The pro forma financial information must be prepared in a manner 
consistent with the accounting policies adopted by the issuer in its 
last or next financial statements. 
9; 24-30 
 
21; 24-30 
 
2.2 
Pro forma information may only be published in respect of:  
(a) 
the last completed financial period; and/or  
(b) 
the most recent interim period for which relevant unadjusted 
information has been published or are included in the registration 
document/prospectus. 
6-58 
 
2.3 
Pro forma adjustments must comply with the following:  
(a) 
be clearly shown and explained;  
(b) 
present all significant effects directly attributable to the transaction;  
(c) 
be factually supportable. 
24-30 
 
3. 
REQUIREMENTS FOR AN ACCOUNTANT/AUDIT REPORT 
 
The prospectus shall include a report prepared by the independent 
accountants or auditors stating that in their opinion:  
(a) 
the pro forma financial information has been properly compiled on 
the basis stated;  
(b) 
that the basis referred to in (a) is consistent with the accounting 
policies of the issuer. 
3 to 5

--- Page 46 ---
46 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes 
and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer, the Arval Group, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, 
the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, or 
publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent listing and admission to trading 
on a regulated market, submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus to the AMF for approval and supply each 
Dealer, Euronext Paris and the AMF with such number of copies of such supplement to the Base Prospectus as may 
reasonably be requested.  
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are offered through a 
public offer, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any supplement is published 
have the right, exercisable within two working days after the publication of this supplement, to withdraw their 
acceptances, provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 
23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the closing of the public or the delivery of the Notes, 
whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The 
final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in 
the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Arval Service Lease (the “Issuer” or “Arval”). An agency agreement dated 2 
February 2022 (the “Agency Agreement”) has been agreed between the Issuer and BNP Paribas Securities 
Services as fiscal agent, paying agent, put agent, redenomination agent, consolidation agent, and calculation 
agent for the purpose of the Conditions (except for Condition 6(b)) (the “Fiscal Agent”, “Paying Agent”, 
“Put Agent”, “Redenomination Agent”, “Consolidation Agent” and “Calculation Agent”) and a make-
whole calculation agency agreement (contrat d’agent de calcul de la clause de make-whole) relating to the 
Notes (the “Make-whole Calculation Agency Agreement”) has been entered into on 2 February 2022 
between the Issuer and DIIS Group as make-whole calculation agent for the purpose of Condition 6(b) only 
(the “Make-whole Calculation Agent”) (which expressions shall, where the context so admits, include any 
successor for the time being as fiscal agent, paying agent, calculation agent, make-whole calculation agent 
or put agent, as the case may be, and are collectively referred to as the “Agents”). 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market 
situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-
1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book-entries (inscriptions en 
compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the 
Notes. 
The Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer form (au porteur), which 
will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”) (acting as 
central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder either in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in 
the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in 
an account held by Euroclear France and in the books maintained by the Issuer or the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer 
(the “Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with French 
laws unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any authorised intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with 
Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary 
bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”).

--- Page 48 ---
48 
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency).  
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to the Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. 
Title to the Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in 
the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder (as defined below) of any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iii) 
In these Conditions, “Holder of Notes”, “Holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” 
means the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder 
or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such 
Notes; and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable 
to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination:  
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment 
Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note by giving at least thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 13 and on or after the date on 
which the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are 
denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the 
European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”), or 
events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case,

--- Page 49 ---
49 
“EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into euro 
and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set 
out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which 
such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as 
the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by 
converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency 
into euro using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion rate established 
by the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the 
Treaty and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion 
of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The euro denominations 
of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination 
higher than euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest 
euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be 
payable in euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders 
by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 12, without the consent of the 
holder of any Note, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or 
Condition 12 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business 
day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of 
the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account 
market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which 
it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or 
additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes 
and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note or 
other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or 
resulting from the credit or transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding 
effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued 
in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical other than in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
principal amount of Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be fungible with 
all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on 
the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (except the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche), which will be

--- Page 50 ---
50 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(i) 
Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into Notes in 
registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into Notes in 
bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes are direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
(engagements chirographaires) and rank and will at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory 
under French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness, obligations or guarantees of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
There will be no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the FBF Definitions and 
in the ISDA Definitions have either been used or reproduced in this Condition 5. 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended or supplemented as at the 
Issue Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor thereto 
(the “TARGET System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”);  
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in the principal financial centre for currency; and/or

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the Business Centre(s) so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
Actual /365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 
365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year, 
where:  
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
if “30/360” or “360/360 (Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended,  
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
Transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, as the case may be (“FBF”) (together the “FBF 
Master Agreement”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date, 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable calculated in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be, 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms 
for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro, 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other 
than an Interest Payment Date, 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, 
“Margin” means for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or figures with respect to the 
applicable Interest Accrual Period specified in the relevant Final Terms, it being specified that such 
margin can have a positive or a negative value or be equal to zero. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 54 ---
54 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent with the approval of the Issuer or as specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (e.g. EURIBOR, 
SONIA or SOFR (or any successor or replacement rate),  
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note, the date on which payment in respect of it first 
became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made, 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to that Reference Rate,  
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such relevant Screen Page Time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear or in 
advance as specified in the relevant Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest (“Fixed Coupon Amount”) or a broken amount of interest 
(“Broken Amount”) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable 
on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, 
the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on 
the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) 
on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Conditions 5(h) and 5(i). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if 
no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention 
would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date

--- Page 55 ---
55 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such 
date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an “unadjusted” basis, the 
Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that 
Business Day Convention.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF 
Determination or ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(C) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest 
Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Floating 
Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)” 
and “Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions, provided that “Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits 
in euro which appears on Reuters page EURIBOR01, as more fully 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
(D) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (together the “ISDA 
Definitions”) and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) to Condition 5(c)(iii)(G) (Benchmark Discontinuation) 
below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or  
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus (a indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(i) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer 
than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro zone inter-bank 
market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes is specified as being SONIA, such Rate of Interest for each

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(d)(A) or 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)(B) below subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)(C) below. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the Compounded 
Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the Weighted 
Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d) : 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(x) 
if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms: 
 [∏(1 + SONIAi−pLBD × ni
365
) −1] × 365
d
do
i=1
;  or 
(y) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, in accordance with the 
following formula: 
⌊∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐼× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
⌋× 365
𝑑 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
“d” means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if

--- Page 59 ---
59 
“Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Lookback 
Period; 
“do” means (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of an Interest Period, the number of London Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if “Shift” is specified 
as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of an Observation Lookback Period, the number of 
London Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Business Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day (x) if “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
relevant Interest Period or (y) if “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
“Lock-out Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) the Interest 
Period Date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
“London Business Day” means a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“Lookback Period” or “p” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period where “Lag” or “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of London Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London 
Business Days); 
“ni” means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such London 
Business Day i up to (but excluding) the following London 
Business Day; 
“Observation Lookback Period” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the period from (and including) the date 
falling p London Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the 
date which is p London Business Days prior to the Interest 
Period Date falling at the end of such Interest Period;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
“Reference Day” means each London Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period that is not a London Business Day 
falling in the Lock-out Period;  
“SONIA i” means, in respect of a London Business Day i: 
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect 
of pLBD in respect of such London Business Day i; 
or 
(y) 
if “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day i that 
is a Reference Day, the SONIA Rate in 
respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding the 
Interest Determination Date for the relevant 
Interest Period; 
(z) 
if “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the SONIA Rate for such 
London Business Day i; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means:  
(x) 
if “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of a London 
Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of the London 
Business Day falling p London Business Days prior 
to such London Business Day i (“pLBD”); or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of a London 
Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of such London 
Business Day i. 
“SONIA Rate” means, in respect of any London Business 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight 
Index Average rate for such London Business Day, as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Business Day immediately following such London 
Business Day; and  
“Weighted Average SONIA” means:

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(x) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA 
Rate in respect of each calendar day during the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period divided by 
the number of calendar days during such 
Observation Lookback Period. For these purposes, 
the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a London Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of the 
London Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day; or 
(y) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the sum of the 
SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day during 
the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, 
provided that, for any calendar day of such Interest 
Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar 
day will be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect 
of the London Business Day immediately preceding 
the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these 
purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar 
day which is not a London Business Day shall, 
subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be: 
(x) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at the close of business on the 
relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there 
is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads); or 
(y) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the immediately preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA Rate was published on the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such 
London Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of 
England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate 
is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA Rate, the Calculation Agent shall follow such 
guidance to determine the SONIA Rate for so long as the 
SONIA Rate is not available or has not been published by 
the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions in respect of an 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the immediately preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relation to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have applicable to such Series of 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (subject to the application of the 
relevant Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period). 
 
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes is specified as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(e)(A) or 0 below below, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 0 below below. 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being “SOFR Arithmetic Mean”, the Rate 
of Interest will be the SOFR Arithmetic Mean plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date and the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being “SOFR Compound”, the Rate of 
Interest will be the Compounded Daily SOFR on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(e): 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg 
screen designated "SOFRRATE" or any successor page or service; 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for each calendar day 
during the Interest Period, compounded daily, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
if “SOFR Compound with Lookback” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi−pUSBD × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
Where: 
“d” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Interest Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
“” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Period” or “p” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 
five U.S. Government Securities Business Days;  
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, means the number of calendar days from (and

--- Page 64 ---
64 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; and 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi (“pUSBD”), provided that, unless SOFR Cut-
Off Date is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, SOFRi in respect of each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi in the period from (and including) the SOFR 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Interest 
Period Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off 
Date for such Interest Period;  
(ii) if “SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 + SOFRi × ni
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
d  
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
Where: 
“d” means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number 
of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
“d0” means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and including) 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi 
up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the 
number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date

--- Page 65 ---
65 
that is the number Observation Shift Days prior to the next 
occurring Interest Period Date in such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, five 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and 
“SOFRi” means, in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Dayi;  
(iii) if “SOFR Index with Observation Shift” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
( SOFR Index Final
SOFR Index Initial
−1) × 360
dc
 
Where: 
“dc” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
“SOFR Index” means with respect to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as 
published by the NY Federal Reserve as such index appears 
on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website at the SOFR 
Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) 
above does not so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, the SOFR Index as published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which the SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website;  
“SOFR IndexFinal” means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring Interest 
Period Date in such Interest Period; and 
“SOFR IndexInitial” means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date);

--- Page 66 ---
66 
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York; 
“NY Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the 
NY Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or 
any successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the 
website of any successor administrator of SOFR; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page 
designated “USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service; 
“SOFR” means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in 
accordance with the following provisions:  
(a) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day that appears 
at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”) on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported 
on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that is reported on 
the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is 
reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears at 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s Website on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Screen Page”); or 
(b) if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and 
the Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR 
Transition Event has not occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website for the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s Website; 
“SOFR Arithmetic Mean” means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the arithmetic mean of SOFR for each calendar day 
during such Interest Period, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent provided that, SOFR in respect of each calendar day 
during the period from (and including) the SOFR Cut-Off 
Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Interest Period 
Date will be SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these 
purposes, SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is not 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall, subject to

--- Page 67 ---
67 
the preceding proviso, be deemed to be SOFR in respect of 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day;  
“SOFR Cut-Off Date” means, unless specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the fourth U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the next occurring Interest Period Date 
in such Interest Period (or such other number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); and  
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
("SIFMA") recommends that the fixed income departments 
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (A) to (C) above, if the 
Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time, that a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to the relevant SOFR Benchmark (as defined below), then the 
provisions set forth in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(e)(D) below will 
apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period thereafter. 
(D) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines 
at any time prior to the SOFR Determination Time on any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day that a SOFR 
Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date 
have occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent 
(the “Replacement Rate Determination Agent”) which will 
determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-
dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of 
the Settlement Currency as appointed by the Calculation 
Agent, (y) the Issuer, (z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent or (zz) such other entity that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be competent to carry out 
such role.  
In connection with the determination of the SOFR 
Replacement, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Calculation Agent or Replacement Rate Determination

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.  
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent may subsequently determine that a SOFR 
Transition Event and a related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred in respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that 
the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the 
SOFR 
Replacement 
and 
any 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes in connection with such substitution 
have been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR 
Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark 
and all relevant definitions shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, 
the following definitions shall apply:  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to SOFR for the applicable 
tenor; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event 
with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor 
thereto; 
“SOFR Benchmark” means (a) (unless SOFR Compound – 
SOFR Index with Observation Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(e)(C) above);  
“SOFR Replacement” means any one (or more) of the 
SOFR Replacement Alternatives to be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR 
Replacement Date if the Calculation Agent, failing which the 
Issuer, determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior to 
the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in accordance with:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(a) the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives Priority in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(b) if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance 
with the priority set forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the each subsequent SOFR 
Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the 
occurrence of a subsequent SOFR Transition Event and 
related SOFR Replacement Date; 
“SOFR Replacement Alternatives” means:  
(a) the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the 
“Relevant 
Governmental Body Replacement”); 
(b) the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment 
(the 
“ISDA 
Fallback 
Replacement”); or 
(c) the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for 
the relevant Interest Period giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
“Industry 
Replacement”); 
“SOFR Replacement Adjustment” means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
applicable SOFR Replacement Date:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement;  
(b) if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Spread 
Adjustment; or 
(c) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) determined by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such 
time; 
“SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with 
respect to any SOFR Replacement, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including, but not 
limited to, changes to timing and frequency of determining 
rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day 
count fractions, business day convention and other 
administrative 
matters) 
that 
the 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that no market practice for 
use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner); 
“SOFR Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of 
the following events with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition 
of "SOFR Transition Event" the later of (i) the date of 
the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or

--- Page 71 ---
71 
indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component); or  
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"SOFR Transition Event" the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced 
therein; or 
(c) in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been published,  
provided that, in the event of any public statements or 
publications of information as referenced in sub-paragraphs 
(a) or (b) above, should such event or circumstance referred 
to in such a public statement or publication occur on a date 
falling later than three months after the relevant public 
statement or publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall be 
deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior to such 
specified date (and not the date of the relevant public 
statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the 
SOFR Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the SOFR Determination Time for 
such determination. 
“SOFR Transition Event” means the occurrence of any one 
or more of the following events with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central 
bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a 
resolution 
authority 
with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the

--- Page 72 ---
72 
administrator for SOFR (or such component, if relevant) 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), which 
states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(c) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component, 
if 
relevant) 
announcing that the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) is no longer representative, the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has 
been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(d) the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its 
administrator (or a successor administrator) for six 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the SOFR 
Replacement prior to the application of any SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment. 
 
(F) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
FBF Rate (if specified as applicable in the relevant Final terms), the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D), “Applicable Maturity” 
means: (a) in relation to FBF Determination, the period of time specified 
in the relevant FBF Rate, (b) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (c) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(G) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
When Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any 
time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any 
remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
following provisions shall not apply and shall not prevail over other 
fallbacks specified in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(A), 5(c)(iii)(B) and shall not 
apply to SONIA and SOFR. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser  
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(G)(b)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii) 
(G)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(G)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(G) shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or 
fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(G). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
1. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(G) 
(d)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(G)); or

--- Page 74 ---
74 
2. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(G)(d)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(G)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(G) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (A) that amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(G)(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(G), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(G). Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions 
of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(G), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(G) will 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(g) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation 
to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately 
following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this 
provision, the fallback provisions relating to the Original 
Reference Rate specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), namely the 
Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, will continue to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), 
at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(G), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions 
until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) 
has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(G) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in 
these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), will 
continue to apply in accordance with their terms. This may result 
in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period 
being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual Period in 
question. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(G): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be 
positive or negative), or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may

--- Page 76 ---
76 
be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), or the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting 
in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate 
which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(G) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference 
Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published;  
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before 
a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
the date specified in (i);  
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six months; 
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, 
is no longer representative of an underlying market or 
that its method of calculation has significantly changed; 
(g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination 
Date, become unlawful for the Issuer, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder 
using 
the 
Original 
Reference 
Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); 
or 
(h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) of 
any benchmark administrator previously authorised to 
publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted. 
 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(G)(a); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining 
the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) 
thereof) on the Notes; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, 
two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall 
determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most 
appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to 
a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the 
date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Optional Redemption Amount or the 
Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, 
the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
6(i)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, on such due date, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above

--- Page 79 ---
79 
by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be, provided that in no event, will the Rate of Interest 
be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest of 0.00 per cent. Whether or not a 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in no event shall the rate of interest (including for the avoidance of 
doubt, as adjusted with any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded 
up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country(ies) of such currency.  
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall 
be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.  
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-whole Redemption 
Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent or the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent or the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, the Make-whole Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes 
are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such 
Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market 
of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of 
each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) or the Make-whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
Calculation Agent and Make-whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best 
efforts to procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents or one 
Make-whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms 
and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent or the Make-
whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
or the Make-whole Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, the Make-whole Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by 
the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. 
The Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to that Regulated Market 
so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
shall be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, is its nominal amount, except for Zero 
Coupon Notes). 
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to the Relevant 
Redemption Date (the “Make-whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-whole 
Redemption Amount (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes). The Make-whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Make-whole Calculation Agent and will be 
an amount in Euro rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards) being 
the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and

--- Page 81 ---
81 
interest on such Notes until the Relevant Redemption Date (determined on the basis of the 
interest rate applicable to the Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes from 
and including the Issue Date or, as the case may be, the scheduled Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, such Make-
whole Redemption Date)) discounted from the Relevant Redemption Date, to the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institution or financial 
services institution or any other competent entity of recognised standing with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Principal Amount” means the Specified Denomination of the Notes, subject, as the case 
may be, to any adjustment as described in Condition 6(f), following any partial redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(b), Condition 6(c) and Condition 6(d). 
The “Redemption Rate” means: 
(i) 
the yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) expressed as an annual rate as determined by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent based on the Reference Security mid- market price published on the relevant 
Regulated Market on the fourth (4th) business day in Paris preceding the Make-
whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)); or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Security price cannot be determined in accordance with (i) above, 
the yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) expressed as an annual rate as determined by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent based on the Reference Security mid-market price published on the relevant 
Bloomberg screen page (or such other page or service as may replace it for the 
purpose of displaying such price) on the fourth (4th) business day in Paris 
preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time 
(CET)); or 
(iii) 
if the Make-whole Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Reference Security 
price pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, the average of the four quotations (eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations)) 
given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) 
business day in Paris preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. 
(Central European time (CET). 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) will be chosen by the Make-whole Calculation Agent after prior 
consultation with the Issuer if practicable under the circumstances at 11.00 a.m. (Central 
European time (CET)) on the third (3rd) business day in Paris preceding the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
and notified in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent which are primary European government security dealers, and their 
respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Redemption Date” means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Residual 
Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be used, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Notes. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Paying Agents in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(e) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(b). 
The Make-whole Calculation Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as agent for 
the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the 
Noteholders redeem the Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in whole but not in part, at the Principal Amount of the Notes so 
redeemed together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at 
any time during the period starting on (and including) the Residual Maturity Call Option 
Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date. 
(d) 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer: If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 80% of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of a particular Series of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt include any 
additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of 
a particular Series of Notes) has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, 
at its option but subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.  
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if

--- Page 83 ---
83 
so provided in the relevant Final Terms, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date, as the case may be. Any such redemption (i) must relate to Notes of a nominal amount 
at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) may be made at its Optional Redemption 
Amount (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Partial Redemption: In the case of a partial redemption, the redemption shall be effected 
by reducing the nominal amount of all Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate 
nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and stock 
exchange requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated Market 
and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in 
which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance 
with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority and/or 
Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading a 
notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If a 
Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained 
from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice 
period. The Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Notes to be redeemed 
to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised 
and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without the 
prior consent of the Issuer.  
(h) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Change of Control: If at any time 
while any of the Notes remains outstanding (A) a Change of Control occurs and (B) within 
the Restructuring Period (i) (if at the time of the Change of Control the Issuer and/or the 
Notes outstanding have a rating from a Rating Agency) a Rating Downgrade in respect of 
that Change of Control occurs or (ii) (if at the time of the Change of Control the Issuer 
and/or the Notes outstanding do not have a rating from a Rating Agency) a Negative Rating 
Event in respect of that Change of Control occurs (such Change of Control and Rating 
Downgrade or Negative Rating Event, as the case may be, occurring within the 
Restructuring Period and, in the case of a Rating Downgrade, not having been cured prior 
to the expiry of the Restructuring Period, together called a “Put Event”), each Noteholder 
will have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of

--- Page 84 ---
84 
the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer has given notice of any early redemption 
in respect of the Notes) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, procure the 
purchase of that Note on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined below). Each Note 
shall be redeemed or purchased at its principal amount together with (or where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
give notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, 
with a copy to the Fiscal Agent, specifying the nature of the Put Event and the procedure 
for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, a Noteholder must give notice to the relevant 
Account Holder, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent in or substantially in the form set out in 
the Agency Agreement, duly completed and signed on its behalf (the “Put Notice”), on any 
Business Day falling within the period of forty-five (45) days after a Put Event Notice is 
given (the “Put Period”). The Put Notice shall include instructions for the transfer of such 
Noteholders’ Notes to the specified account of the Fiscal Agent for the redemption or 
purchase of such Notes. 
The form of the Put Notice shall be available from the Fiscal Agent. 
Payment in respect of such Notes will be made on the Optional Redemption Date by 
transfer to the bank account specified in the Put Notice. A Put Notice once given shall be 
irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, procure the purchase of the relevant 
Notes on the Optional Redemption Date unless previously redeemed or purchased. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any breakage costs 
which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such Noteholder’s 
exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control 
Put Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising there from or 
otherwise). The Issuer shall be responsible for any administrative costs e.g. notices etc 
arising as a result of in connection with any Noteholder's exercise or purported exercise of, 
or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control Put Option. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
“Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not 
approved by the Board of Directors of the Issuer) that any Person or Persons acting in 
concert (within the meaning of Article L.233-10 of the French Code de commerce), other 
than by an entity of the BNP Group, shall come to acquire, or come into possession, directly 
or indirectly, beneficially and/or of record, more than fifty per cent. (50%) of the shares or 
voting rights of the Issuer.  
“Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred (i) if the Issuer does not on or 
before the forty-fifth (45th) Business Day after the relevant Change of Control seek to obtain 
from a Rating Agency, a rating of the Notes, failing which, a corporate rating or (ii) if it 
does so seek, it has not at the expiry of the Restructuring Period and as a result of such 
Change of Control obtained such a rating of at least (a) the grade assigned to the Notes at 
the time of their issuance, failing which, (b) the grade of the corporate rating assigned to 
the Issuer at the time of the issuance of the Notes, failing which, (c) the grade of the most 
recent corporate rating assigned to the Issuer, provided that the Rating Agency (A)

--- Page 85 ---
85 
announces or publicly confirms or, (B) having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the 
Issuer or the Fiscal Agent in writing that its declining to assign such rating was the result, 
in whole or in part, of the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the Change of 
Control shall have occurred at the time such rating is declined). 
“Optional Redemption Date” means the fifth (5th) Business Day after the expiry of the 
Put Period. 
“Rating Agency” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and their successors or any other rating agency of equivalent 
standing notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
“Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control 
if (within the Restructuring Period) the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the 
Issuer by any Rating Agency solicited by the Issuer is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from 
an investment grade rating (BBB- by S&P, BBB- by Fitch, or their equivalents for the time 
being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+ by S&P, BB+ by Fitch, or their 
equivalents for the time being, or worse) or (z) if the rating previously assigned to the Notes 
or to the Issuer by any Rating Agency solicited by the Issuer was below an investment grade 
rating (as described above), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, from 
BB+ to BB for S&P, BB+ to BB for Fitch, or their respective equivalents), provided that 
the Rating Agency making the reduction in rating announces or publicly confirms or, 
having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent in writing 
that the lowering was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised 
in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or 
not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Rating 
Downgrade). If the Notes or the Issuer are rated by more than one Rating Agency, a Rating 
Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control 
only if all the Rating Agencies have withdrawn or lowered its rating. 
“Restructuring Period” means the period beginning one hundred and twenty (120) days 
prior to, and ending one hundred and twenty (120) days after, the date of the public 
announcement of the result (avis de résultat) by the AMF of the relevant Change of Control. 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(e), 6(f), 6(h) and 6(k) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be calculated as 
provided below. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Optional 
Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount of any such Note 
shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Optional Redemption Amount 
or the Early Redemption Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they

--- Page 86 ---
86 
were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually. 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to 
Condition 6(e), 6(f), 6(h) and 6(k) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Optional 
Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount becomes due and 
payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall 
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes:  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(h) 
or Condition 6(k), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(j) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application 
or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect 
of the Notes not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional 
amounts as specified under Condition 8 (b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) subject to having given not more than forty-
five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the 
latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and 
interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders of the 
full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 8 (b) below, then the Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon

--- Page 87 ---
87 
giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued 
to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) on which the Issuer could make payment of 
the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such 
notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption 
pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable 
date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving 
notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) at any time, (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note), provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes or, if that 
date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(k) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. Unless the 
possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all 
Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with French laws 
and regulations. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for 
cancellation must be cancelled by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with 
all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all rights relating 
to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Notes). Any Notes so cancelled 
or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(m) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful 
for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the 
Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance 
with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7 
Payments  
(a) 
Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall (in the case of Notes 
in bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and, (in the case of Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated 
in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly 
made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such 
payments. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to Condition 8) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and 
their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in 
each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal 
Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and 
the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent 
and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least two major European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so long as the rules of, or applicable to, the 
relevant Regulated Market so require), (v) in the case of Notes, in fully registered form, a 
Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other Regulated 
Market on which the Notes may be listed or admitted to trading. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 12, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such 
other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, 
the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
“business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) on which Euroclear 
France is open for business, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency 
other than euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a 
bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on 
in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) (in the case of a payment in euro), which is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
8 
Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If, pursuant to French law or regulation, payments of principal or 
interest in respect of any Note become subject to withholding or deduction for any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay 
such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the holder of each Note, after 
such withholding or deduction, will receive the full amount then due and payable thereon 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided, however, that the Issuer shall 
not be liable to pay any such additional amounts in respect of any Note to, or to a third 
party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection 
with France other than the mere holding of such Note.  
Any references in these Conditions to principal and/or interest shall be deemed also to refer to any 
additional amounts which may be payable under the provisions of this Condition 8. 
9 
Events of Default 
Any Noteholder may, upon written notice to the Issuer before all defaults shall have been remedied, 
cause the Notes to become immediately due and payable, whereupon the Notes shall become 
immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount, plus accrued interest, without any 
other formality, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur: 
(a) 
the Issuer is in default for more than thirty (30) calendar days for the payment of principal 
of, or interest on, any Note (including the payment of any additional amounts in accordance 
with Condition 8), when the same shall become due and payable; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance of, or compliance with, any of its other 
obligations under the Notes and such default has not been cured within forty-five (45) 
calendar days after the receipt by the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of the written notice of 
such default; or  
(c) 
if a judgement is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial 
transfer of the whole or part of the business (cession totale ou partielle de l’entreprise) of 
the Issuer or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, if the Issuer is subject to any other 
insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or the Issuer makes any judicial conveyance, 
assignment, or other judicial arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a 
composition with its creditors.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders  
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of 
their common interests in a masse (the “Masse”).  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce 
subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the “Collective 
Decision”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative 
shall be: 
Aether Financial Services  
36 rue du Monceau 
75008 Paris  
France 
Email : agency@aetherfs.com 
Represented by Henri-Pierre Jeancard 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Issuer shall pay to the Representative an amount of Euro 400 (tax excluded) per year and per 
Series so long as any of the Notes of each Series is outstanding (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). The alternate representative will only become entitled to the annual 
remuneration if it exercises the duties of Representative on a permanent basis; such remuneration 
will accrued form the day on which it assumes such duties.  
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of contrary of the Collective Decision) have the power 
to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Collective Decision 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by 
consent following a written consultation (the “Written Resolution”) (as further described in 
Condition 11(iv)(b) below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 13. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
 
(a) General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth 
(1/30) of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer 
and the Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such 
General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court in Paris 
to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be 
required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) 
majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meetings or 
represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be 
published in accordance with Condition 13(e) not less than fifteen (15) calendar 
days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than 
five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy or by correspondence.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a 
copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at 
any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen 
(15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of 
the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(b) Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall 
be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the 
following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de 
commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of 
electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic 
Consent”). 
Written Resolution shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits 
referred to in Condition 11(iv)(a) above. Any Written Resolution shall, for all 
purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing 
signed by the Noteholders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes outstanding.  
 
(c) Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Articles L.228-48, L.228-65 I. 1°, 3°, 4°, 6° and II, L.228-71, 
R228-63 R.228-69, L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Code de commerce and 
the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes.  
(v) 
Expenses 
 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decision and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decision, it being expressly stipulated that no 
expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(vi) 
Single Masse 
 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 12, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(vii) 
Sole Noteholder 
 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provision of the French Code de 
commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes 
of such Series. 
(viii) Notice to the Noteholders 
 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 13(e) below. 
(ix) 
Outstanding Notes 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those 
Notes purchased by the Issuer in accordance with French laws and regulations that are held by 
it and not cancelled. 
12 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create 
and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single Series with the Notes 
provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all 
respects save for Issue Date, Issue Price, the first payment of interest and the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Tranche) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and 
references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) 
of the Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment 
Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar 
days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued 
by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in euro, provided 
such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes. 
13 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are 
mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the 
option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, (x) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Echos), or (y) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or 
(z) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (b) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, (x) in a leading daily newspaper 
with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading is located or (y) on the website of any other Regulated Market where the Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published, (i) so long as 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (a) in a leading daily newspaper of 
general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper 
of general circulation in Europe or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General 
Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (ii) so long as such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market 
so require, (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located or (b) on the website of 
any other Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.  
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) 
pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by Conditions 13 (a) and 
(b) above; except that notices will be published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the AMF, and (b) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) so require, on the website of 
any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, or (c) 
as otherwise provided in applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation of the General Meetings and decision(s) of the Collective 
Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French 
Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared 
and, if such publication is not practicable in respect of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), by 
mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have 
been given notice on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing.  
14 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes may be brought before any 
competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be applied by the Issuer 
to be used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes or as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any 
particular issue of Notes for which there is a particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above).

--- Page 96 ---
96 
DESCRIPTION OF ARVAL 
 
History and development 
 
Fully owned by BNP Paribas, the Issuer was founded in 1989 as a specialist in full service vehicle leasing and 
mobility solutions for large international corporates, SMEs, professionals and individuals.  
 
It has a long track record of profitable operations (net income of 499.2 M€ in 2019 and of 518.6 M€ in 2020)9 and 
its organic fleet growth has been higher than 7.5% per year since 2016, supported by a growing market both on 
corporate and individual segments. 
 
In 1995, the Issuer and PHH (then acquired by Element) founded the Element-Arval Global Alliance. Today, this 
global partnership is present in 50 countries and is providing leasing and associated services in the respective 
countries of Arval Group and Element with a view to offer customers a worldwide geographic coverage together 
with standardised high quality of services through a common quality charter.  
 
In 2015, the Arval Group strengthened its position on the European leasing market by acquiring GE Capital Fleet 
Services in Europe. 
 
In 2020, the Issuer launched Arval Beyond, a new strategic plan to reflect the evolution of its positioning from car-
leasing to mobility including the car. Arval also acquired from BNP Paribas Ireland Greenval Insurance DAC, a 
small insurance company incorporated under Irish laws and fully owned by the BNP Group which exclusively 
proposes insurance covers to Arval Group and its clients since its foundation in 2007. 
Products and services offering  
 
The Issuer’s core business focuses on full-service vehicle leasing (which represented 97% of total fleet at the end of 
2020). In addition, remarketing is part of the business activity of the Issuer as, at the end of the vehicle leasing, the 
Issuer sells the used car. The Issuer also develops various integrated mobility solutions, adapting to customer needs. 
Fleet management (which represented 3% of the fleet at the end of 2020) and consulting services are also parts of 
the Issuer’s products and services offered.  
 
Full-service leasing allows customers to use a vehicle without legal ownership, the customer pays a monthly rent 
which covers the financing, depreciation of the vehicle and the cost of various management services provided relating 
to the vehicle. The Issuer has a consulting role and will advise the customer on selecting the vehicle-related services.  
 
The Issuer proposes long term rental under full service leasing (“LTR”), but also mid-term rental (“MTR”). MTR 
offers a leasing solution for a period between 1 and 24 months and is attractive for customer by providing a response 
to their specific or even organizational needs via offering them less commitment (vehicles available within 48 hours) 
and more competitive rates than short-term rental. 
 
Services available under a full-service lease include the following (at the choice of the customer): 
 
                                                          
 
9 Arval’s audited combined accounts including Greenval.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
vehicle selection – the customer chooses the vehicle (brand, model and options) and the leasing company 
purchases the vehicle selected by the customer and/or his/her driver;  
 
 
repair, maintenance and tyres – the leasing company provides repair, maintenance and tyre replacement 
services for both routine and emergency situations through its network of selected workshops and tyre 
fitters; 
 
insurance – third party liability, material damage, theft & fire, legal expenses, financial loss and driver 
insurance are distributed or made available by the Issuer to its customers; 
 
 
driver support and roadside assistance; 
 
 
relief vehicles – the Issuer may arrange for provision of a replacement vehicle in case of routine 
maintenance or accident repairs; 
 
 
flexibility and technology: the Issuer proposes various digital services in order to offer more flexibility on 
contracts and leveraging technology and connected services for an increased experience to drivers and 
passengers (in car delivery, street parking payment, access to information and entertainment): 
 
 
Arval Outsourcing Solutions is a solution to outsource agreed daily driver related tasks while 
ensuring a great user experience of the drivers.  
 
Arval Active Link is an in-house solution for connected cars, combining two major elements: 
monitoring system and digital web-platform to receive fleet data. 
 
My Arval Mobile is “ALL-in-ONE” application and incremental part of the digital story for drivers. 
It offers access to a wide range of services and support leading the driver through the contract life-
cycle.  
 
Remarketing / Sale of used cars: the Issuer sells the used vehicles at the end of the lease period, around 300,000 
vehicles per year. 65% of vehicles are sold to vehicle traders using MotorTrade, a digital auction platform to ensure 
a competitive valuation is received for each vehicle. 20% of vehicles are sold to international buyers, with export 
managed through the Arval Trading entity (a French company fully owned by the Issuer). A growing percentage of 
vehicles are sold directly to consumers, either online, through retail partners or to the driver at the end of the 
lease. 2020 has also seen the development of Re-lease, offering customers the option of leasing selected used 
vehicles.  
 
Mobility services: the Issuer is constantly answering clients’ needs and develops integrated and seamless mobility 
solutions for employees of its clients which involve not only cars but also other means of transportation and which 
offer various mobility means, in particular:  
 
Arval Car Sharing is a digital app which enables Arval clients' fleet cars to be available for short and 
flexible use in a full digital mode. Drivers can manage booking, car pickup and return from a dedicated 
Application on their mobile phone for professional or private purposes. 
 
Arval Bike Lease consists in providing a comprehensive bike solution to the employees of Arval’s 
corporate clients composed by the leasing of the bike, the service, maintenance and repair of the bike, 
and optional assistance and insurance; 
 
Arval 360 Mobility Platform offers a B2B mobility platform aggregating Arval and third parties 
mobility services (including public transport), allowing employees to plan, book and pay their trip 
through a dedicated application and use a mobility budget, and allowing corporates to manage this 
budget and taxes, reporting, user accounts, etc...

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Fleet management is the provision of fleet management services when the customer outsources to the Issuer the 
management of its own fleet of vehicles (in respect of vehicles not owned by the Issuer) but either owned by the 
customer or leased by another company to the customer). 
 
Consulting services: the Issuer advises clients thanks to its consultative approach. Arval Consulting is a service 
aimed at providing solutions to its clients with their strategic and organisational issues by maximising the 
performance of their fleet and supporting them in their energy and mobility transition. Arval Consulting has 
performed more than 10,000 missions since 2008 and is active in 11 countries.  
 
Sustainable development  
 
Committed to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, the Issuer defined in July 2020 a new corporate 
social responsibility (“CSR”) strategy, based on 4 pillars (economy, people, community and environment) and 
several engagements, which shows the issuer ambitions in terms of energy transition, alternative mobility and people 
diversity. In the context of sustainable development: 
 
- 
in 2019, the Issuer’s environmental and social responsibility efforts have been awarded a gold recognition level 
on CSR platform Ecovadis! for the 4th year in a row; 
- 
in 2018, the Issuer launched an innovative approach called SMaRT - Sustainable Mobility and Responsibility 
Targets following several step methodology that help clients define, implement and measure the progress of their 
fleet energy transition strategy; 
- 
the Issuer has obtained an ISO 14001 certification in 2012 delivered by AFNOR (L’Association française de 
normalisation); 
- 
the Issuer encourages its customers to give up their diesel vehicles when appropriate.  
 
Recent developments  
 
In October 2020, the Issuer announces its new strategic plan for 2020-2025 with the aim to become a leader in all 
sustainable mobility solutions, including the car. 
 
The Issuer conducted a thorough strategic review in 2019 which confirmed customer expectations in terms of 
mobility and environmental impact, offering to the Issuer many opportunities to seize. Over the last few months, the 
impact of the sanitary crisis has only reinforced the Issuer’s conviction in this respect. 
 
Arval Beyond strategic plan is a roadmap for the Arval Group between now and 2025 with the following targets: 
 
- 
Arval’s growth and financial performance through in particular reaching 2 million leased cars worldwide; 
- 
Arval’s CSR & Energy Transition resulting in 700,000 electrified vehicles in its fleet, 30% reduction in CO2 
emissions vs. 2020, and Arval remaining a carbon neutral company; 
- 
A business model, covering a wider mobility concept including the car; 
- 
The percentage of the women’s share in Arval’s COMEX being 40%. 
 
A treasury center, fully owned by ASL, is being created and will allow Arval Group to centralize its treasury 
management in euro.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Business overview 
 
Within the framework of its activities, Arval Group total fleet was 1,421,565 vehicles at 31 December 2020 (of which 
1,381,555 in full service leasing). Arval Group total fleet was 1,475,308 vehicles at 30 September 2021 (of which 
1,441,087 in full service leasing).  
 
There were 7,254 employees within the Arval Group and 1,401 employees within Arval France at the end of 
December 2020 (7,501 employees within the Arval Group and 1,446 employees within Arval France at the end of 
September 2021).  
 
Vehicles are leased on a long term basis which gives high visibility on revenues. Average duration of vehicle leasing 
contracts is 42 months. All vehicle leasing contracts are with a duration at origination above 1 year and 91% of 
vehicle leasing contracts are with a duration at origination higher than 3 years. Revenues are well diversified with a 
financial margin, a service margin (including various types of services and insurance) and a used car margin. 
 
Arval Group has a very large customer base with 30,000 corporate clients and 270,000 retail clients. As of the end 
of December 2020, the Arval Group’s customers were mainly mid & large corporates (73% of the Issuer’s full service 
leasing fleet at the end of 2020), SMEs (18% of the Issuer’s full service leasing fleet at the end of 2020), individual 
(8% of the Issuer’s full service leasing fleet at the end of 2020) and Mid Term Rental activity (2% of the Issuer’s full 
service leasing fleet at the end of 2020). Corporate clients are very diversified by industry with no industry segment 
above 13% of the portfolio. 
 
Arval Group is proposing vehicle leasing services either directly to its customer under the “direct channel”, or 
through an “indirect channel” based on contractual relationships between Arval Group and intermediaries in respect 
of the distribution of vehicle leasing contracts (e.g. car manufacturers, banks, insurance companies). These 
contractual arrangements accounted for 26% of the total fleet in full service leasing (including private lease contracts) 
of the Arval Group at 31 December 2020 (out of which 8% are constituted by contractual arrangements concluded 
with external partners and 18% by contractual arrangements with BNP Group). 
 
Arval Group is mainly present in Europe (95% of the fleet) with more than 90% of the fleet in developed European 
countries. The Arval Group market share is about 20% in France, Italy and Spain10 where it has # 1 market positions 
and 10% in the United Kingdom11 (# 4 position), which altogether represented 66% of the Issuer’s activity in 2020. 
The Issuer’s market share is about 15% in Belgium and Poland and 4% to 5% in the Netherlands and Germany12. 
These eight countries represented 86% of the Issuer’s activity in 2020. The remaining 14% is spread across 21 
countries including, but not limited to Northern Europe, Central and Southern Europe, Turkey, Morocco and Latin 
America13.  
 
The leased fleet registered good growth in 2020, to 6.4% over the year despite the Covid-19 pandemics (+6.5% year 
on year as at 30 September 2021). Over the last 3.75 years, the leased fleet of the Issuer grew at an average annual 
rate of 7.5%. The total fleet was 1.48 million vehicles at the end of September 2021, up 5.7% compared with the 
previous year. The organic growth of the total fleet was 5.3%. All the geographical regions contributed to this 
performance. The leased fleet registered in 2020 a good rise in Europe despite the health crisis, 1.5% in France, 5.2% 
                                                          
 
10Local rental/leasing associations. 
11 FN50, November 2019, https://www.fleetnews.co.uk/fleet-leasing/fn50-data/ 
12 Local rental/leasing associations and Arval’s unaudited internal source. 
13 Arval’s unaudited internal source.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
in Italy, 15.1% in Spain, 4.5% in the United Kingdom, 3.8% in Germany, 7.9% in Belgium and 13.3% in the 
Netherlands14.  
 
At 30 June 2021, Arval Group’s consolidated non-current borrowing from financial institutions amounted to 15,208 
million euros.  
 
Arval Group generated in 2020 a combined net profit of 518.6 million euros15 (499.2 million euros in 201916). It 
generated in the first half of 2021 a consolidated net profit of 334.6 million euros (210.0 million euros in the first 
half of 2020). 
 
Overview of the leasing markets 
 
Arval is seeing a continuous change in behaviour from ownership to usage across different customer segments, 
including individuals. Hence, market has been growing for 25 years. Pay-as-you-use and risk outsourcing (vehicle 
resale, mechanical problems, etc.) initially attracted the largest companies and for 15 years mid-sized companies 
(Mid and SMEs) and for 5 years individuals. There are still plenty of geographies where SMEs still have strong 
growth expected in respect of leased vehicles, as do individuals. We are also seeing emerging growth in used cars 
leasing and more recent growth in Mid Term Rental. Arval Group’s strategic partnerships with intermediaries in the 
distribution of vehicle leasing contracts (e.g. car manufacturers, brokers, banks, insurance companies, retail websites) 
will facilitate the acceleration of growth in the Retail segments.  
 
The growth in mature markets is expected to come from the development of indirect channels to target SMEs, where 
penetration remains lower, but where there is a trend towards outsourcing of fleet. Emerging economies have a lower 
penetration of full-service leasing as a proportion of all vehicle registrations than mature markets, so there is strong 
growth potential as car fleets grow and more companies look to outsource their fleet management. The private lease 
segment is developing rapidly in a number of key markets and is expected to continue to do so in the context of the 
shift away from ownership. 
 
In terms of energy, at the end of December 2020, the proportion of different types of vehicles at Arval Group was 
the following: 56% of light vehicles in full service leasing registrations were Diesel vehicles (45% at the end of 
September 2021), 27% petrol vehicles (25% at the end of September 2021), 11% hybrid vehicles (20% at the end of 
September 2021), 4% electric vehicles (8% at the end of September 2021), 2% other technologies vehicles (Gaz 
Naturel pour Véhicules, GNV (Gaz)) (2% at the end of September 2021)17. 
 
Leasing market growth trends and drivers 
 
The growth of the full-service leasing and fleet management market has been driven by several factors:  
 
- the rising volume of corporate fleets has increased the importance and potential for fleet management solutions; 
 
                                                          
 
14 Arval’s unaudited internal source. 
15 Arval’s audited combined accounts including Greenval. 
16 Arval’s audited combined accounts including Greenval. 
17 Arval’s unaudited internal source.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
- customer acceptance of leasing has risen, as corporates have become aware of the potential to improve leverage 
and save costs by outsourcing non-core activities, thereby strengthening their performance; according to Arval 
Mobility Observatory 2020 Fleet Barometer, 39% of corporate clients consider to increase the share of full service 
leasing vehicles in their fleet; 
 
- there is an ongoing behavioural shift from ownership to usage across different customer segments, including private 
customers;  
 
- the rise of connected cars and digital services encourages the development of new high value-added services for 
the customer to optimise the usage cost of vehicles. Such specialist technology solutions require niche expertise. 
Scale is needed to amortise costs of development, making it difficult to implement in-house by customers. New 
mobility solutions, such as car sharing, autonomous driving and connected cars, constitute opportunities for the Arval 
Group to expand its range of services to both corporate and private customers. 
 
Competitive position 
 
In its activities, the Issuer competes with other international full-service leasing companies. This includes both 
vertically integrated companies offering full-service leasing and financing services and companies that offer fleet 
management only. In some of the Issuer’s markets, it also competes with strong local players offering full-service 
leases. 
 
On a global scale, the full-service leasing market remains fragmented, with few players providing global coverage. 
The Issuer’s key competitors are the ALD group, LeasePlan and Alphabet, which are international multi-brand 
leasing companies operating in the same geographies as the Issuer. Arval Group is the European leader in the 
multibrand full service leasing market. At the end of December 2020, Arval Group’s full service leasing fleet reached 
1,382 thousand vehicles (1,441 thousand vehicles as at 30 September 2021), to be compared with 1,372 thousand 
vehicles for ALD (1,382 thousand vehicles as at 30 September 2021)18 and to 1,311 thousand vehicles estimated for 
LeasePlan (1,311 thousand vehicles estimated as at 30 September 2021)19. Alphabet reported 705 thousand fleet 
contracts at the end of 202020. On the 6 January 2022, ALD announced the signing of a Memorandum of 
Understanding to acquire 100% of LeasePlan. The closing of the transaction, which is expected by end 2022 and is 
subject to several closing conditions, would create the leader in multi brand full service leasing. 
 
In financing, the Issuer competes with the captive finance subsidiaries of large car manufacturers. The Issuer also 
competes with third-party service providers that offer fleet consulting, bidding solutions and procurement. 
 
Competitors in the global leasing services market generally fall into three broad categories based on their ownership 
structure, namely bank affiliates, car manufacturers’ captives and independent operators. The ownership structure of 
a given competitor is often a key driver in the nature of its operations. 
 
                                                          
 
18ALD Q4-2020 and Q3-2021 results press release. 
19LeasePlan Q4-2020 and Q3-2021 results press release and Arval's management estimation based on the following total fleet breakdown for 
LeasePlan at 2019 year end: 71% full service leasing, 27% fleet management (LeasePlan's 2019 annual report), 2% financial leasing (and at 
30 September 2021: 74% full service leasing, 25% fleet management, 1% financial leasing).  
20 BMW 2020 annual report.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(i) 
Bank affiliates 
Bank affiliates include entities that are part of a financial group, mostly subsidiaries of banks, such as ALD group 
(Société Générale). In many cases, multi-brand vehicle leasing started as an extension of conventional banking 
products to satisfy the needs of corporate customers, but gradually banks developed semi-autonomous leasing units 
within their corporate structure.  
 
(ii) 
Car manufacturers’ captives 
Car manufacturers’ captives, i.e. entities owned and controlled by car manufacturers, generally focus on increasing 
sales of their owner’s vehicle brands. These entities benefit from brand synergies and access to the dealership network 
of their manufacturer, parent or affiliate, but the growth of the business is tied to the underlying demand for the 
manufacturer’s specific vehicle brands. 
 
The importance of captive operating lease and fleet management companies, such as Volkswagen Leasing, RCI 
Bank, PSA Finance and FCA Leasys, is increasing as their parent companies seek to present themselves as all-round 
providers of mobility solutions who are able to capture a greater share of the market for acquiring and operating 
vehicles, rather than solely as car manufacturers. 
 
The majority of larger car manufacturers have established special financial services subsidiaries to oversee their 
leasing businesses and, in some cases, to assist in raising funds for their manufacturing businesses. 
 
(iii) 
Independent operators 
Multi-brand independent operators include entities that are not directly related to banking institutions or car 
manufacturers. Lack of scale and access to external financing on attractive terms are the key challenges faced by 
such entities. 
 
Company name, incorporation, duration and registered office  
 
The Issuer is a French joint stock company (société anonyme) incorporated under French law on 6 November 1989 
for a period of 99 years. The Issuer is registered under the name of Arval Service Lease in the Trade and Companies 
Registry (Registre du commerce et des sociétés) of Paris under number 352 256 424. The Issuer’s registered office 
is at 1, boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France and its main establishment (établissement principal) is located 
22-24 rue des Deux Gares 92500 Rueil-Malmaison, France. Telephone number: +33 1 57 69 57 00.The Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500UCL6ROAHVXQV60. The website of the Issuer is https://www.arval.fr/.  
The Issuer is licensed as insurance broker (courtier d’assurance) and insurance agent (mandataire) with the French 
Prudential Supervision and Resolution Authority (Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (“ACPR”)) and 
is authorised to propose various insurance covers to the lessees in relation to the leased vehicles. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Issuer is not licensed as a credit institution. 
 
The Issuer is governed, inter alia, by the French Commercial Code.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Organisation structure 
 
Share capital 
 
The Issuer's share capital, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, amounts to EUR 66,412,800 divided into 3,320,640 
fully paid-up ordinary shares of EUR 20. The totality of the Issuer’s share capital is held by BNP Fortis, Belgian 
joint stock company, with a share capital of 10,964,767,634.40 € with its registered office at Montagne du Parc 3, 
1000 Bruxelles and registered under number of the VAT BE 0403 199 702, except for five (5) shares held by 
Genfinance, Belgian joint stock company, with a share capital of 496,000 € with its registered office at Montagne du 
Parc 3, 1000 Bruxelles and registered under number of the VAT BE 0421 429 267, whereas BNP Paribas is its 
indirect owner and there are no arrangements, known to the Issuer, which may result in a change in control of the 
Issuer. 
 
There is no authorised and unissued share capital. There are no securities which grant rights to shares in the capital 
of the Issuer. All shares have equal voting rights. 
 
The Issuer is a member of the BNP Group. 
 
Diagram  
As at 31 December 2021 
 
Diagram of the Arval Group

--- Page 104 ---
104 
The Issuer is fully integrated within BNP Group organization and applies BNP Group governance, policies and 
procedures.  
 
Management and compliance with the corporate governance regulations 
 
Board of Directors 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of the Issuer comprises the following persons: 
 
Name 
Title 
Main activity outside the Issuer  
Alain Groenendael  
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
None 
Louis-Michel Duray 
Director 
Head of Automotive Financial 
Services, BNP Paribas Personal 
Finance 
Thierry Laborde 
Director 
Chief Operating Officer, BNP 
Paribas 
SA, 
Head 
of 
Retail 
Banking 
Charlotte Dennery 
Director 
CEO, 
BNP 
Paribas 
Personal 
Finance 
Sophie Heller 
Director 
Chief Operating Officer Retail 
Banking & Services, BNP Paribas 
Sylviane Le Carré 
Director 
Head of CPI (Creditor Protection 
Insurance) development at BNP 
Paribas Cardif 
Emmanuelle Bury Lucas 
Director 
Chief 
Compliance 
Officer 
Americas, CIB BNP Paribas New-
York 
Piet Van Aken 
Director 
Chief Risk Officer, BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA 
Sebastien Dessillons 
Director 
Head of Industry Groups EMEA, 
CIB, BNP Paribas SA 
Guylaine Dyevre 
Director 
Corporate Secretary of the Board 
of BNP Paribas SA 
 
Franciane Rays resigned from the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 2 September 2021 with effect as of 14 
September 2021. She has been replaced during the Board of Directors meeting held on 24 November 2021 by Pierre 
Bouchara, Chief Financial Officer of BNP Paribas Fortis.  
 
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus, the business address of the Directors is 22-24 rue des Deux Gares 92500 
Rueil-Malmaison, France. 
 
Executive management 
 
The Issuer is headed by Alain Groenendael, Chief Executive Officer, in office since 14 December 2018. For the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus, the business address of the Issuer' Executive management is 22-24 rue des Deux 
Gares 92500 Rueil-Malmaison, France. 
 
Board practices 
 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regulations applicable to French sociétés anonymes, as provided 
by the French Commercial Code.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
In the context of the EMTN program contemplated by the Issuer and described in this Prospectus, the article L. 823-
19 of the French Code de commerce requires from the Issuer to strengthen its corporate governance by setting up an 
audit committee. Several exemptions to this principles are provided by Article L. 823-20 of the same code, notably 
in its paragraph 4 which allows the board of directors itself to assume such responsibilities. 
 
According to the above, since the board meeting held on the 20th of November 2020, the board of directors of the 
Issuer assumes the roles and missions dedicated to the required audit committee; such audit committee being chaired 
by the president of the audit committee. 
 
Conflict of interests 
 
To the knowledge of the Issuer, the duties owed by the members of the board of directors of the Issuer do not give 
rise to any potential conflicts of interest with such members' private interests or other duties. 
 
Credit rating of the Issuer 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's long-term debt is rated A/ Stable outlook, by Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited A-/ Stable outlook, by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. It could in the future be rated by other rating 
agencies. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities. It may, at any time, be suspended, 
modified, or withdrawn by the rating agency concerned. 
 
Independent Auditors 
 
The Issuer appointed Mazars as auditor (commissaires aux comptes) and renewed in 2020 for a mandate of six years 
in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Mazars is a member of the Compagnie Régionale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes of Versailles, whose registered office is at Tour Exaltis, 61 rue Henri Regnault, 92400 
Courbevoie, France. 
 
The Issuer appointed Deloitte & Associés as auditor (commissaires aux comptes) at the General Annual Meeting of 
9 March 2021 for a mandate of 6 years in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Deloitte & Associés is a 
member of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes of Versailles, whose registered office is at 6 
place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris la Défense Cedex, France.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Press release, 12 January 2022 
Arval and Ridecell Sign Strategic Partnership to Deploy Next-Generation Shared Mobility Solutions 
Offering Customers Seamless and Global Mobility Coverage 
Rueil-Malmaison / San Francisco, CA, January 12, 2022 – Arval, a European leader in full-service leasing and 
new sustainable mobility solutions, and Ridecell, a global fleet automation and mobility solutions provider, today 
announce the signature of their strategic partnership with the shared objective of accelerating the development of 
end-to-end mobility solutions. Ridecell’s fleet automation and mobility platform coupled with Arval’s leading 
position in the car leasing market will help cover any mobility needs of Arval corporate customers throughout Europe. 
In 2022, this new Arval Car Sharing platform will soft launch in Belgium with a widespread roll out in the latter half 
of the year, expanding to other European countries. Ultimately, the goal is to offer coverage in all Arval’s markets 
worldwide, with plans to grow the car sharing fleet by 50% each year. 
Arval and Ridecell’s five-year agreement aligns with Arval's 2020-2025 strategic plan, Arval Beyond, which aims to 
offer customers an integrated, seamless mobility experience. Through connected, flexible products and services, 
Arval’s strategic plan will support users through their energy transition with guaranteed simplicity. Arval has forged 
partnerships with innovative players in the field of mobility. 
“For several years, Arval has clearly identified multimodal mobility solutions as an answer to the market demands 
for easier, faster, more comfortable and environmentally friendly experiences,” shared Alain van Groenendael, Arval 
Chairman and CEO. “Ridecell is a very experienced partner, capable of providing our customers a state-of-the-art 
car sharing platform. We believe Ridecell will make a significant contribution to Arval’s mobility transformation 
objectives,” he added. 
By offering Ridecell’s car sharing platform, Arval’s customers will benefit from value-add services including: 
● Seamless user experience: Bringing together shared mobility and micro-mobility solutions, beyond car sharing, 
in a single mobile app. 
● Customizable platform: Providing customers flexibility in services, daily operations and internal structural needs. 
Customers who remain flexible can provide mobility, not just to those who benefit from company cars, but to 
everyone in the company to use for professional and private trips. 
● Decentralized and a convenient booking system: Allowing employees to use cars without calling their fleet 
manager. 
● Automated operations: Fleet management insights initiated automated workflow actions to ensure the fleet is in 
excellent working condition. 
● Optimized tools: For customer fleets to achieve their CSR and CO2 reductions targets. 
“We are helping meet the need for a secure, reliable and seamless digital and shared mobility solution. Ridecell’s 
fleet automation and mobility platform together with Arval’s strong fleet capabilities allow us to work together to 
innovate and solve the toughest mobility challenges for our customers,” said Aarjav Trivedi, Ridecell Founder and 
CEO. 
The new Arval Car Sharing offer will also integrate with The Arval Mobility App, a B2B MaaS solution, which 
enables employees to choose the most suitable mobility option for their journey at the tap of a finger. This partnership 
will support the recently launched Arval Mobility Hub concept, which gathers shared mobility options including car, 
bike and micro-mobility solutions all in one location. It is available at Arval corporate clients’ premises to make them 
easily accessible. In addition, the Arval Mobility Hub will help diversify other BNP Paribas entities offering with its 
innovative solutions for residents and collective workspaces. 
For more information on this partnership and the full suite of the companies shared mobility capabilities please visit: 
www.ridecell.com and www.arval.com.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Press release, 12 October 2021 
Arval and Emil Frey France enter into a strategic partnership 
Emil Frey France, France's leading car distribution group, and Arval, France's leading full service leasing 
company, have entered into a strategic partnership to create a full service leasing business for customers of 
the 250 dealerships of the Emil Frey France Group. This partnership also provides an opportunity to develop 
long-term synergies. 
 Two major players  
The Emil Frey France group, the leading distribution group in France with 223,000 new and used vehicles sold in 
2020, relies on its national network autosphere of 250 dealerships representing 29 brands. The group also offers other 
services such as the distribution of spare parts, financial and insurance products, and the reconditioning of used 
vehicles through industrial centres. 
Arval France is the French leader in multi-brand vehicle leasing and a specialist in mobility solutions. At the end of 
December 2020, the leased fleet reached almost 340,000 vehicles in France. The Group is rolling out its Arval Beyond 
strategic plan, which has three objectives for France by 2025: 
• to exceed 400,000 leased vehicles, including 100,000 electrified vehicles, 
• to strengthen the deployment of Mid Term Rental mobility solutions, car-sharing, bicycle renting, etc.  
• and to join forces with leading partners in the energy (EDF, Engie, NewMotion), insurance (Matmut, Generali), 
automotive (Hyundai) and transport (Klaxit, the French leader in commuting) sectors.  
 A strategic partnership  
A partnership agreement between these two leading players in the automotive and mobility sector is a strong lever 
for their development and offers numerous future synergies. Indeed, the capacity for innovation and complementary 
nature of the two groups’ business expertise - leasing company and distributor - provide a major opportunity for 
creating and proposing offers and services suited to the new needs of customers. The size of Emil Frey France's 
national network positions it very close to its customers, while Arval brings its perfect mastery of long-term full 
service leasing and mobility solutions. Guided by customer satisfaction, their aim is to offer the best possible quality 
of service. 
 First activity: launch of Autosphere Lease 
Under the Autosphere Lease brand, the autosphere network is going to market a Long Term Leasing and Mid-term 
Rental offer in association with Arval. Autosphere Lease is aimed at professional and corporate customers. This 
global partnership will start on 1st February 2022. Emil Frey France will market this offer in its 250 dealerships as 
well as on the autosphere.fr website, and directly through a dedicated sales team. Arval will be in charge of 
implementing contract management operations, through a dedicated Middle and Back Office platform.  
 Scope of intervention and ambitions 
A complete range of long-term leasing and Mid Term Rental financing (3 to 72 months) for professionals and 
companies, with no limit on fleet size.  
 Complementary activities to be developed 
Numerous possible synergies are already being studied to address new targets and new services. Arval and  
Emil Frey France are considering how to implement synergies in their businesses: 
- buying and selling used vehicles, 
- reconditioning used vehicles,  
- After Sales, 
- and creating new mobility services.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
"The announcement of this major strategic partnership is great news for our customers and for the employees of both 
groups. Autosphere Lease brings together the best of both worlds between the leading French car retailer and the 
leading French leasing company, backed by the leading French bank. At a time when customers are looking for high 
value-added services combining advice, proximity and innovation, Autosphere Lease will be able to meet their 
expectations," says Hervé Miralles, President of Emil Frey France. 
"Beyond the long-term leasing white label, Autosphere Lease, there will be real cooperation between our two groups, 
consistent with our Arval Beyond strategic plan presented last year. Other developments are also being discussed in 
the used car and after-sales sectors. Arval France has entered into a new strategic partnership with France's leading 
car distributor," adds Ferréol Mayoly, General Manager of Arval France.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of the Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 2 February 2022 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Dealer(s), the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to 
the Dealer(s). The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such 
resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealer(s), 
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that 
are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealer(s) to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes 
in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer(s) 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer of any of the Notes to retail investors, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will, 
to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which 
it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
European Economic Area  
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below. 
France 
The Dealer(s) has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding 
the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”) and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States of America or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in certain transactions 
exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
The Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that except 
as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche and the closing date, within the United States of America 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable 
Tranche and the closing date, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such an 
offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or

--- Page 111 ---
111 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression “UK 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
The Dealer(s) has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year from the date of issue, (a) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21 (1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]21 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking 
into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 22 23 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”)]/[MiFID 
II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (“IDD”), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail 
                                                          
 
21 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
22 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
23 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
ARVAL SERVICE LEASE 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500UCL6ROAHVXQV60 
 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•] 
Issue of [Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Under the Euro 15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 2 February 2022 which received approval no. 22-024 on 2 February 2022 from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received approval 
no. [] on [] from the AMF which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (www.arval.com/investors), on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and from the Issuer, on request, at 22-24 rue des Deux Gares 92500 Rueil-
Malmaison, France, during normal business hours.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
(1) 
 
Issuer: 
Arval Service Lease 
(2) 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilées) and form a 
single series with the existing [insert 
description of the Series] issued by the 
Issuer on [insert date] (the “Existing 
Notes”) as from the date of assimilation 
which is expected to be on or about 40 
calendar days after the Issue Date (the 
“Assimilation Date”).] 
(3) 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]24 
(4) 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
(5) 
 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from 
[insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
(6) 
 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] (one denomination only)25 
(7) 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(8) 
 
Maturity Date: 
[] [specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to the relevant month and 
year] 
                                                          
 
24  Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes shall be made 
in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil). 
25  Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue must (a) have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” 
(or another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) and (b) provide that no part of any such Note may be 
transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent amount).

--- Page 115 ---
115 
(9) 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[specify particular reference 
rate][EURIBOR/SOFR/SONIA] +/- 
[] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(10) 
 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject 
to 
any 
purchase 
and 
cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
(11) 
 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to 
floating rate or floating to fixed rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 
14 and 15 below and identify there] 
(12) 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer] 
Change of Control Put Option 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
 
 
(13) 
 
Date[s] of the corporate authorisation[s] for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[Decision 
of 
the 
Conseil 
d’Administration of Arval dated [] 
deciding the issue of the Notes]/[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
(14) 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/ 
other 
(specify)] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [commencing on [] 
and ending on [] [[the Maturity 
Date]/[]] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[] per Specified Denomination

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
(iv) Broken Amounts: 
[] payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual / 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/ 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates (Condition 5(a)): 
[[] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in 
the case of a long or short first or last 
Coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
(15) 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph). 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year [subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[] 
(Not Applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Date) 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
(ix) Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[]/[EURIBOR/SOFR/SONIA]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
[- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[][In the case of SOFR, delete this 
paragraph]] 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[] [TARGET] Business Days in 
[specify city] for [specify currency] 
prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date]] 
 
[- Relevant Screen Page:  
[](in the case of EURIBOR, if not 
Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a 
page which shows a composite rate or 
amend 
the 
fallback 
provisions 
appropriately)  
[In the case of SOFR, delete this 
paragraph]] 
 
[- Reference Banks (when the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available): 
 
[][In the case of SOFR, delete this 
paragraph]] 
 
[- Calculation Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA: 
[Compounded 
Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR: 
[SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: 
[SOFR 
Compound 
with 
Lookback]/[SOFR 
Compound with Observation Period 
Shift]/[SOFR Index with Observation 
Shift]]] 
 
[- Observation Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA: [Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]]] 
 
[- Lookback Period: 
[[specify] [London Business Days]/[ 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[TARGET2 Business Days]/[As 
per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA or SOFR (where the Calculation 
Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR 
Compound with Lookback) and ensure 
that any Early Redemption Amounts 
include amounts in respect of accrued 
interest.)]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
[- Observation Shift Days: 
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR and the Calculation Method is 
SOFR 
Compound: 
SOFR 
with 
Observation Period Shift or SOFR 
Index with Observation Shift) 
– 
[SOFR Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR. 
Must 
apply 
where 
the 
Calculation 
Method 
is 
SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean) 
 
[- SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of 
priority 
of 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
listed 
in 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(e)(D).]] 
 
- Observation Look-Back Period: 
[] (only applicable in the case of 
SOFR or SONIA) / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Floating Rate (Taux variable): 
[] 
 
- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[] 
 
(xi) ISDA Determination (Condition 5 (c) (iii) (B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- ISDA Definitions 
[]/[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(xii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable / The Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period)] 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [] per cent. per annum]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0.00 per cent.]/[[] per cent. per 
annum (such rate to be higher than 0.00 
per cent.)]] 
 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual / 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/ 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond 
Basis)] 
 
 
 
(16) 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(i)(i)):  
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual / 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
/ 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 (Bond 
Basis)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(17) 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note: 
[] per Note [of [] Specified 
Denomination] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
[[] per Specified Denomination]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[[] per Specified Denomination]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) Notice period26: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(18) 
 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
                                                          
 
26  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(i) 
Notice period:27 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[] 
 
(iii) Reference Dealers: 
[] 
 
(iv) Similar Security: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Redemption Margin:  
[] 
 
(vi) Make-whole Calculation Agent: 
[] 
(19) 
 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date:  
[] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period28:  
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(20) 
 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer (Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) Early Redemption Amount 
[] per Note [of [] Specified 
Denomination] 
(21) 
 
Put Option (Condition 6(g)) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note: 
(iii) Notice period29: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
[] 
[] per Note [of [] Specified 
Denomination] 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(22) 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[] per Note [of [] Specified 
Denomination]] 
(23) 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons (Condition 6(j)), for 
illegality (Condition 6(m)) or for an event of default 
(Condition 9): 
[[] per Note [of [] Specified 
Denomination]] 
 
                                                          
 
27 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
28  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
29 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
(24) 
 
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised Notes 
 
(i) 
Form of Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify 
whether] [bearer form (au porteur) / 
administered registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif administré) / fully 
registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable][/if 
Applicable give name and details] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to fully registered 
Notes only) 
 
(iii) [Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a): 
Applicable] 
(25) 
 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note 
that this paragraph relates to the date 
of payment, and not the dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating 
the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph, 14(ii) and (15(vi) relate) 
(26) 
  
Redenomination, provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in 
Condition 1(d)] apply] 
(27) 
 
Purchase in accordance with Article L. 213-0-1 and D. 
213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(28) 
 
[Masse (Condition 11):  
[If the Representative is not Aether 
Financial Services, insert the wording 
below: 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
Representative: [] 
Name and address of the alternate 
Representative: []]  
[The Representative will receive no 
remuneration.]/[The 
Representative 
will receive a remuneration of [].] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder, insert the wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed for such Series, it 
shall exercise all rights and obligations

--- Page 122 ---
122 
assigned by law to the Representative 
and the general meeting of the 
Noteholders. A Representative will be 
appointed as soon as the Notes are held 
by several Noteholders.]] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [name of Issuer]: 
 
Duly authorised by:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris] [specify other relevant regulated market]] 
with effect from [].] [Not Applicable.]  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated/The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: [].] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: []] 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: []]  
[Other: []] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the 
type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation (Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
As 
such, 
[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies][is/are] included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website

--- Page 124 ---
124 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended).] [However, certain of [it/their 
respective] affiliates are established in the European Union and 
registered under CRA Regulation by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
Such affiliates endorse the ratings of [insert credit rating agency/ies] for 
use for regulatory purposes in the European Union.]] 
[[Insert name of relevant EEA credit rating agency/ies] [is][are] not 
established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] not registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating[s] of the 
Notes issued by [insert name of relevant EEA credit rating agency/ies] 
[has][have] been endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK credit rating 
agency/ies], in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and [has][have] 
not been withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] issued by [insert name of 
relevant EEA credit rating agency/ies] may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the [issue/offer], 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealer(s)] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
[]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s general 
corporate purposes] 
 
* (See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer different from what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, 
will need to include those reasons here.)]  
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[]]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
[Not Applicable]  
[Historic interest rates: 
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[EURIBOR/SOFR/SONIA/[]] rates can be obtained 
[but not] free of charges from [Reuters/give details of 
electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance].  
[Benchmarks: 
 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/SOFR/SONIA/[]] which is 
provided by []. [As at [], [] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/2011, as amended 
(the “Benchmarks Regulation”).] [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). [As at [●], [●] appears on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority in the United Kingdom.]]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers) 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; [TEFRA C applies 
/ TEFRA D applies / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Listing and ddmission to trading  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 1 February 2023 provided that 
it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will 
no longer apply. Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext 
Paris and application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market 
in a Member State of the EEA. 
2 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France 
in connection with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent 
that such Notes constitute bonds (obligations) under French law, require the prior authorisation of the Board 
of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer in accordance with Article L.228-40 of the French 
Code de commerce. For this purpose, the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer has 
delegated on 24 January 2022, with an effective date on 27 January 2022, to its Chief Executive Officer 
and/or Chief Financial Officer, acting jointly or separately, the power to issue Notes under the Programme, 
up to a maximum amount of €2,500,000,000 in aggregate for one year, which authority will, unless 
previously cancelled, expire on 27 January 2023. 
3 
No Significant change  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of the Issuer or the Arval Group since 30 June 2021.  
4 
No Material adverse change 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2020.  
5 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Arval Group is involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings that may have, or have had during twelve (12) months preceding the date of this document, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, or the Arval Group nor is the Issuer 
aware that any such proceedings are pending or threatened.  
6 
Clearing 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Common Code, 
the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number 
for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.  
The Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). The Notes which 
are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed with the Registration Agent. The address of Euroclear 
France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. The address of any alternative clearing system will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
7 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could 
result in any member of the Arval Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
8 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will be available on the website of the issuer (www.arval.com/investors): 
 
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any 
part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the documents listed in (i) and (ii) below will be available, 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the documents listed in (i) to (iii) below on the website 
of the Issuer (www.arval.com/investors): 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus;  
(ii) 
a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or are offered to 
the public in France and/or in any Member State of the European Economic Area so long as such 
Notes are outstanding; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
9 
Statutory auditors 
Mazars at Tour Exaltis, 61 rue Henri Regnault, 92400 Courbevoie, France, an entity regulated by the Haut 
Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes and members of the 
Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles, have audited and rendered an 
unqualified audit report on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020, and on the consolidated financial statements and on the combined financial statements 
of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
Deloitte & Associés, 6 place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris La Défense Cedex, France, an entity regulated by 
the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes and 
members of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles, was appointed as 
auditor (commissaires aux comptes) at the General Annual Meeting of 9 March 2021 for a mandate of 6 
years in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
The consolidated half-year financial statements of the Issuer for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 
have not been audited but were subject to a limited review, without qualification, by Mazars and Deloitte & 
Associés, as stated in their limited review report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
10 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
(as defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
11 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”), the 
Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) 
calendar days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
12 
Potential Conflicts of Interest  
The Dealer(s) and, as the case may be, the calculation agent and their respective affiliates (including their 
parent companies) have and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, commercial banking and/or 
other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to securities 
issued by any entity of the Arval Group. They have or may, in the ordinary course of their business, (i) 
engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime 
brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in 
connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Arval Group or (iii) act as 
financial advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Arval Group. In the context of these transactions, 
the Dearler(s) has or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Arval Group. Where 
applicable, it has or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions.  
The Dealer(s) or its affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Dealer(s) 
and its affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealer(s) and its affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
Each of the Issuer and the Dealer(s) may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index 
or related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and 
the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. In 
particular, whilst a calculation agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers and procedures in 
place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in 
transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders 
during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
13 
Information sourced from third parties 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
14 
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 
(the “Benchmarks Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be included in the relevant Final Terms as 
to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
15 
LEI 
The LEI of the Issuer is 969500UCL6ROAHVXQV60.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
Arval Service Lease 
1, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
duly represented by: 
 
Stéphane de Marnhac 
Chief Financial Officer (Directeur Financier) 
on 2 February 2022 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 2 February 2022 and is valid until 1 February 2023 and shall, during 
this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This 
Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: 22-024.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
 
Arval Service Lease 
1, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Telephone number: +33 1 57 69 57 00 
 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
3, 5, 7 rue du Général Compans 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Make-whole Calculation Agent 
DIIS Group 
12 rue Vivienne 
75002 Paris  
France  
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis 
61, rue Henri Régnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, Place de la Pyramide  
92908 Paris la Défense Cedex 
France 
 
 
Legal Adviser 
to the Dealer 
as to French law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris  
France