--- Page 1 ---
Inbank AS 
Reg. code: 12001988  
VAT NO: EE101400240  
Niine 11, 10414 Tallinn, Estonia  
www.inbank.eu  
+372 640 8080  
info@inbank.eu  
 
 
 
 
1
      
BASE PROSPECTUS 
This Public Offering, Listing and Admission to Trading Base Prospectus has been drawn up and 
published by AS Inbank (an Estonian public limited company, registered in the Estonian Commercial 
Register under register code 12001988, having its registered address at Niine 11, 10414 Tallinn, 
Estonia; the Company) in connection with the public offering, listing and the admission to trading of the 
Bonds issued by the Company on the Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange (the 
Prospectus). 
The Company has decided on 1 November 2021 to launch a programme for publicly offering up to 
35,000 bonds with the nominal value of EUR 1,000 (the Bonds) to institutional and retail investors in 
Estonia in series during a period of 36 months (the Offering) whereas the issue of each series will be 
decided separately (the Programme). On 15 December 2021 the first series of 15,000 Bonds was 
issued in the course of the Programme. The total volume of the Program is EUR 35,000,000 and thus 
the Company may issue 20,000 additional Bonds on the terms set out in the Prospectus.  
The function of this Prospectus is to give information about the Company, the Programme, and the 
Bonds. Each issue and offering of the Bonds will be decided and announced separately. 
The Company will, simultaneously with the Offering, apply for the listing and the admission to trading 
of the Bonds on the Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Estonian Financial Supervision and Resolution Authority 
(the EFSA), as competent authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the 
Prospectus Regulation), on 27 November 2023 under registration number 4.3-4.9/5333. The EFSA 
only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Company and the quality of the Bonds that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
Investing into Bonds involves risks. While every care has been taken to ensure that this 
Prospectus presents a fair and complete overview of the material risks related to the Company, 
the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group) and to the Bonds, the value of 
any investment in the Bonds may be adversely affected by circumstances that are either not 
evident at the date hereof or not reflected in this Prospectus. Each decision to invest in the 
Bonds must be based on the Prospectus in its entirety. Therefore, we suggest you familiarise 
yourselves with the Prospectus thoroughly. 
 
NOTICE TO ALL INVESTORS  
This Prospectus does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or any 
solicitation of any offer to acquire the Bonds offered by any person in any jurisdiction in which 
such an offer or solicitation is unlawful, in particular in or into the Restricted Territories (as 
defined in Section 11 “Glossary”) or the Excluded Territories (as defined in Section 11 
“Glossary”). The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the relevant laws of any 
state, province or territory other than Estonia and may not be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered, directly or indirectly, within any other jurisdiction than Estonia, except pursuant to an 
applicable exemption.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Distribution of copies of the Prospectus or any related documents are not allowed in those 
countries where such distribution or participation in the offering of the Bonds requires any extra 
measures or is in conflict with the laws and regulations of these countries. Persons who receive 
this Prospectus or any related document should inform themselves about any restrictions and 
limitations on distribution of the information contained in this Prospectus and observe any such 
restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the 
securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Such documents should not be distributed, forwarded 
to, or transmitted in or into the Restricted Territories or the Excluded Territories. No action has 
been taken by the Company in relation to the Bonds or rights thereto or possession or 
distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action is required, other than in Estonia. 
The Company is not liable in cases where persons or entities take measures that are in 
contradiction with the restrictions mentioned in this paragraph. 
INFORMATION FOR UNITED STATES INVESTORS 
The Bonds have not been approved or disapproved by any United States’ regulatory authority. 
The Bonds will not be, and are not required to be, registered with the SEC under the US 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or on a United States securities 
exchange. The Company does not intend to take any action to facilitate a market for the Bonds 
in the United States. The Bonds may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, within the United States, except pursuant to an applicable exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in 
compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. 
The Prospectus is valid until 26 November 2024. The Company is obligated to update the Prospectus 
by publishing a supplement only in case new facts, material errors or inaccuracies occur, and such an 
obligation does not apply after the end of the validity period of the Prospectus.  
 
The date of this Prospectus is 27 November 2023

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Contents 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTORY INFORMATION 
5 
1.1. 
Applicable Law 
5 
1.2. 
Persons Responsible 
5 
1.3. 
Presentation of Information 
5 
1.4. 
Documents Available 
6 
1.5. 
Historical Financial Information and Accounting Standards 
7 
1.6. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
8 
1.7. 
Use of Prospectus 
8 
1.8. 
Approval of Prospectus 
8 
1.9. 
Availability of Prospectus 
9 
2. 
A GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE OFFERING PROGRAMME 
10 
2.1. 
Type and Class of Bonds 
10 
2.2. 
Volume of Programme 
10 
2.3. 
Form and Registration 
10 
2.4. 
Ranking and Subordination 
10 
2.5. 
Currency 
11 
2.6. 
Interest and Yield 
11 
2.7. 
Maturity of Bonds 
11 
2.8. 
Rights Attached to Bonds 
11 
2.9. 
Transferability 
12 
2.10. 
Applicable Law 
12 
2.11. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
12 
2.12. 
Form of Final Terms 
13 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
15 
3.1. 
Introduction 
15 
3.2. 
Risks Related to the Company’s Financial Situation 
15 
3.3. 
Risks Related to the Company’s and Subsidiaries’ Business Activities and the Group’s 
Industry 
18 
3.4. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
21 
3.5. 
Political and Economic Risks 
23 
3.6. 
Risks Related to the Bonds 
24 
3.7. 
Risks Related to Offering, Listing and Admission to Trading 
26 
4. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OFFERING 
27 
4.1. 
Offering 
27 
4.2. 
Right to Participate in Offering 
27 
4.3. 
Offer Price 
27 
4.4. 
Offering Period 
27 
4.5. 
Subscription Undertakings 
27

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
4.6. 
Payment 
29 
4.7. 
Distribution and Allocation 
29 
4.8. 
Settlement and Trading 
30 
4.9. 
Return of Funds 
30 
4.10. 
Cancellation of Offering 
30 
4.11. 
Conflicts of Interests 
31 
5. 
REASONS FOR OFFERING AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
32 
6. 
GENERAL CORPORATE INFORMATION AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
33 
6.1. 
General Corporate Information 
33 
7. 
SHARE CAPITAL, SHARES AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE 
34 
7.1. 
Share Capital and Shares 
34 
7.2. 
Shareholders of Company 
34 
7.3. 
Management and Key Employees’ Share Option Program 
34 
8. 
MANAGEMENT 
37 
8.1. 
Management Structure 
37 
8.2. 
Management Board 
37 
8.3. 
Supervisory Board 
39 
8.4. 
Audit Committee 
41 
8.5. 
Remuneration Committee 
41 
8.6. 
Remuneration and Benefits 
41 
8.7. 
Share Ownership 
42 
8.8. 
Conflicts of Interests 
43 
8.9. 
Statement of Compliance with Corporate Governance 
43 
8.10. 
Statutory Auditors 
43 
9. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
44 
9.1. 
History and Development of Group 
44 
9.2. 
Group Structure, Group Companies and Affiliated Companies of the Company 
47 
9.3. 
Business Lines 
49 
9.4. 
Geographical Markets 
49 
9.5. 
Investments 
49 
9.6. 
Material Agreements 
49 
9.7. 
Trend Information 
51 
9.8. 
Legal Proceedings 
51 
10. TAXATION 
52 
11. GLOSSARY 
54 
12. INDEX OF SCHEDULES 
56 
Schedule 1: Terms and Conditions of Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds 
58 
Schedule 2: Articles of Association of the Company 
69

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTORY INFORMATION 
1.1. Applicable Law 
The Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and in accordance 
with the Delegated Regulation1. The Prospectus comprises of a registration document of the Company 
drawn up in accordance with Annex 6 of the Delegated Regulation and a securities note of the Bonds 
drawn up in accordance with Annex 14 of the Delegated Regulation. 
This Prospectus is governed by Estonian law. Any disputes arising in connection with the Offering shall 
be settled by Harju County Court (Harju Maakohus) in Estonia unless the exclusive jurisdiction of any 
other court is provided for by the provisions of law, which cannot be derogated from by an agreement 
of the parties. The investor may be required under national law to bear the costs of translating the 
Prospectus before being able to bring a claim to the court in relation to this Prospectus. 
Before reading this Prospectus, please take notice of the following important introductory information.  
1.2. Persons Responsible 
The person responsible for the information given in this Prospectus is the Company. The Company 
accepts responsibility for the fullness and correctness of the information contained in this Prospectus 
as of the date hereof. Having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the Company 
believes that the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of the Company's knowledge, 
in accordance with the facts, and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
AS Inbank 
Marko Varik 
 
Member of the Management Board 
 
 
[signed electronically] 
 
Without prejudice to the above, no responsibility is accepted by the persons responsible for the 
information given in this Prospectus solely on the basis of the summary of any series issued under this 
Prospectus, including any translation thereof, unless such summary is misleading, inaccurate or 
inconsistent, when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, or where it does not provide, 
when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, key information in order to aid investors 
when considering whether to invest in Bonds. 
1.3. Presentation of Information 
Final Terms and Reading the Prospectus. The Bonds are issued in series and both the conditions and 
information in this Prospectus and the Final Terms of each series drawn up specifically for the 
respective series (the Final Terms) are applicable to the Bonds in each such series. The Prospectus 
should be read together with all supplements and in respect of each series of bonds with the Final 
Terms of such series. The Final Terms of each series will be published together with the summary 
drawn up for such series at https://inbank.eu/investors/bonds. The Final Terms and summary of the 
 
1 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 
809/2004 (the Delegated Regulation).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
separate series are not approved by the EFSA or any other supervisory authority but will be filed with 
the EFSA. 
Approximation of Numbers. Numerical and quantitative values in this Prospectus (e.g. monetary values, 
percentage values, etc.) are presented with such precision which is deemed by the Company to be 
sufficient in order to convey adequate and appropriate information on the relevant matter. From time to 
time, quantitative values have been rounded up to the nearest reasonable decimal or whole value in 
order to avoid excessive level of detail. As a result, certain values presented as percentages do not 
necessarily add up to 100% due to the effects of approximation. Exact numbers may be derived from 
the Financial Statements to the extent that the relevant information is reflected therein. 
Currencies. In this Prospectus, financial information is presented in euro (EUR), the official currency of 
the European Union Member States in the Eurozone. 
Date of Information. This Prospectus is drawn up based on information which was valid as of the date 
of the Prospectus. Where not expressly indicated otherwise, all information presented in this Prospectus 
(including the consolidated financial information of the Company, the facts concerning its operations 
and any information on the markets in which it operates) must be understood to refer to the state of 
affairs as of the aforementioned date. Where information is presented as of a date other than the date 
of the Prospectus, this is identified by specifying the relevant date. 
Third Party Information and Market Information. For portions of this Prospectus, certain information may 
have been sourced from third parties. Such information is accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Company is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by such third parties, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Where 
information has been sourced from third parties, a reference to the respective source has been provided 
together with such information where presented in this Prospectus. Certain information with respect to 
the markets in which the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 11 “Glossary”) operate is 
based on the best assessment made by the Management (as defined in Section 11 "Glossary"). With 
respect to the industry in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are active and certain jurisdictions in 
which they conduct their operations, reliable market information is often not available or is incomplete. 
While every reasonable care was taken to provide best possible assessments of the relevant market 
situation and the information on the relevant industry, such information may not be relied upon as final 
and conclusive. Investors are encouraged to conduct their own investigation of the relevant markets or 
employ a professional consultant. 
Updates. The Company will update the information contained in this Prospectus only to such extent and 
at such intervals and by such means as required by the applicable law or considered necessary and 
appropriate by the Management. The Company is under no obligation to update or modify forward-
looking statements included in this Prospectus (please see Section 1.6 "Forward-Looking Statements" 
below). 
Definitions of Terms. In this Prospectus, capitalised terms have the meaning ascribed to them in 
Section 11 "Glossary", with the exception of such cases where the context evidently requires the 
contrary, whereas the singular shall include plural and vice versa. Other terms may be defined 
elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
Hyperlinks to Websites. This Prospectus contains hyperlinks to websites. The information on the 
websites does not form part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the EFSA, 
except for hyperlinks to information that is incorporated by reference. 
1.4. Documents Available 
In addition to this Prospectus, certain additional documents and information on the Group, such as the 
up to date Articles of Association and historical financial data of the Company and the Subsidiaries may

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
be obtained from the website of the Company at https://inbank.eu/investors. All information presented 
on the Company’s website which has not been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus does not 
form part of the Prospectus. 
1.5. Historical Financial Information and Accounting Standards 
The following historical financial information has been incorporated into this Prospectus by reference: 
(i) 
the consolidated audited financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2022 (available at https://inbank.eu/documents/ee/en/pdf/reports/annual_report_2022.pdf,  
included at pages 37-110 (inclusive) and independent auditor’s report located on pages 
112-119),  
(ii) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of and for the year ended 31 December 
2021 (available at https://ib-
cdn.inbank.eu/documents/ee/en/pdf/reports/annual_report_2021.pdf, 
included at pages 35-110 (inclusive), and independent auditor’s report located on pages 
112-119) ((i) and (ii) together referred to as the Audited Financial Statements), 
(iii) 
the condensed consolidated unaudited interim financial statements for 9 months ended on 
30 
September 
2023 
(available 
at 
https://inbank.eu/documents/ee/en/pdf/reports/Inbank_Interim_Report_2023_Q3.pdf, 
included at pages 8-41 (inclusive)) (the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements, and 
together with the Audited Financial Statements referred to as the Financial Statements). 
The Audited Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union. The Unaudited Interim Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34 as 
adopted by European Union, Interim Financial Reporting.   
All financial information included in the prospectus as at 30 September 2023 is derived from the 
Unaudited Interim Financial Statements. 
In connection with the preparation of the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements, the Group identified 
a classification misstatement related to the purchased cars for operating leases. Such purchases have 
been previously classified under investing activities, but as these assets are acquired for rental 
purposes and subsequently sold then the cash flows from acquisition of the cars should be classified 
under operating activities. More details on the change can be found on page 11 in the Unaudited Interim 
Financial Statements. Management will introduce this change into comparative information, when 
preparing the annual financial statements for 2023. In this prospectus, financial data for 9 months ended 
30 September 2022 is presented on a restated basis, while financial data for 2022 and 2021 is 
presented in line with the published Audited Financial Statements. 
The Audited Financial Statements were audited by Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers (address 
Tatari 1, 10116 Tallinn, Estonia). Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of the Estonian 
Auditors’ Association. 
The financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December, the amounts are presented in 
thousand euros unless otherwise indicated. The official language of the Financial Statements of the 
Company is Estonian, the documents incorporated into this Prospectus by reference as per above are 
direct translations into English from the original languages of the Company’s documents. To the extent 
that there are any inconsistencies between the original language versions and the translations, the 
original language versions shall prevail. The Estonian version must be proceeded from in the event of 
a conflict with English or any other language. 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above 
which is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
elsewhere in this Prospectus and for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this 
Prospectus. 
1.6. Forward-Looking Statements 
This Prospectus includes forward-looking statements (notably under Section 3 “Risk Factors”, Section 9 
“Business Overview” and Section 5 “Reasons for Offering and Use of Proceeds”). Such forward-looking 
statements are based on current expectations and projections about future events, which are in turn 
made on the basis of the best judgement of the Management. Certain statements are based on the 
beliefs of the Management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the 
Management. Any forward-looking statements included in this Prospectus are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and assumptions about the future operations of the Group, the macro-economic 
environment and other similar factors. 
In particular, such forward-looking statements may be identified by use of words such as “strategy”, 
“expect”, “plan”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “will”, “continue”, “estimate”, “intend”, “project”, “goals”, “targets” 
and other words and expressions of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements can also be identified 
by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. As with any projection or forecast, 
they are inherently susceptible to uncertainty and changes in circumstances, and the Company is under 
no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements 
contained in this Prospectus whether as a result of such changes, new information, subsequent events 
or otherwise. 
The validity and accuracy of any forward-looking statements is affected by the fact that the Group 
operates in a highly competitive business. This business is affected by changes in domestic and foreign 
laws and regulations (including those of the European Union), taxes, developments in competition, 
economic, strategic, political and social conditions, consumer response to new and existing products 
and technological developments and other factors. The Group’s actual results may differ materially from 
the Management’s expectations because of the changes in such factors. Other factors and risks could 
adversely affect the operations, business or financial results of the Group (please see Section 3 “Risk 
Factors” for a discussion of the risks which are identifiable and deemed material at the date hereof). 
1.7. Use of Prospectus 
This Prospectus is prepared solely for the purposes of the Offering of the Bonds and listing and the 
admission to trading of the Bonds on the Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange. The 
Prospectus is not published in any jurisdiction other than Estonia and consequently the dissemination 
of this Prospectus in other countries may be restricted or prohibited by law. This Prospectus may not 
be used for any other purpose than for making the decision of participating in the Offering or investing 
into the Bonds. You may not copy, reproduce (other than for private and non-commercial use) or 
disseminate this Prospectus without express written permission from the Company. 
1.8. Approval of Prospectus 
This Prospectus has been approved by the EFSA, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation, on 27 November 2023 under registration number 4.3-4.9/5333. The EFSA only approves 
this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation and should not be considered as an endorsement of the Company and 
the quality of the Bonds that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Bonds.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
1.9. Availability of Prospectus 
This Prospectus will be published by means of a stock exchange release through the information system 
of Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange. The Prospectus is also available as of 27 November 2023 in an 
electronic format on the website of the EFSA (https://www.fi.ee) and on the website of the Company 
(https://inbank.eu/investors/bonds). Any interested party may request delivery of an electronic copy of 
the Prospectus, the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds and the financial reports of the Company from 
the Company without charge. Paper copy of the Prospectus can be obtained at the premises of the 
Company (address Niine tn 11, Tallinn 10414, Estonia) by any interested party upon request. Delivery 
of the Prospectus is limited to the jurisdictions in which the offering to the public is being made, i.e. to 
Estonia.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
2. 
A GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE OFFERING PROGRAMME 
2.1. Type and Class of Bonds 
The Bonds are subordinated bonds with the nominal value of EUR 1,000. The Bonds represent an 
unsecured debt obligation of the Company before the bondholder. 
2.2. Volume of Programme 
The Volume of the Programme is up to 35,000,000 euros, i.e. up to 35,000 Bonds can be issued under 
the Programme. The Bonds will be issued in series whereas the amount of Bonds issued, their final 
terms and the timing of the issue will be decided by the Company at its discretion and published 
separately through the information system of Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange and the website of the 
Company (https://inbank.eu/investors/news). The Programme has been approved by a decision of the 
Supervisory Board of the Company of 1 November 2021. The Final Terms of the Bonds issued under 
the Programme will be decided by the Management Board of the Company separately for each series. 
2.3. Form and Registration 
The Bonds are in dematerialised book-entry form and are not numbered. The Bonds are registered in 
Nasdaq CSD, address Maakri 19/1, 10145 Tallinn. 
2.4. Ranking and Subordination 
The Bonds have not been rated by any credit rating agencies. 
The Bonds are subordinated to all unsubordinated claims against the Company. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Bonds are not subordinated to the claims, which are subordinated to the Bonds or which 
rank pari passu with the Bonds. The subordination of the Bonds means that upon the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Company, all the claims arising from the Bonds shall fall due in accordance with the 
Terms of the Bonds and shall be satisfied only after the full satisfaction of all unsubordinated recognised 
claims against the Company in accordance with the applicable law. Therefore, upon the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Company, the bondholders of the Bonds are not entitled to any payments due under 
the Terms of the Bonds until the full and due satisfaction of all the unsubordinated claims against the 
Company.  
Furthermore, any liability arising under the Bonds may be subject to the exercise of Bail-In Powers by 
the relevant Resolution Authority in cases where the Company or any Group company meets the 
conditions for the initiation of resolution proceedings (i.e. fails or is likely to fail and certain other 
conditions are met). Exercising the Bail-in Powers is subject to numerous preconditions and will only 
be used as a last resort; however, if the powers are exercised, it is possible that: (a) the amount 
outstanding of the Bonds is reduced, including to zero; (b) the Bonds are converted into shares, other 
securities or other instruments of the Company or another person; (c) the Bonds or the outstanding 
amounts of the Bonds are cancelled; and/or (d) the Bond Terms are altered (e.g. the maturity date or 
interest rate of the Bonds could be changed). Therefore, if a Group company meets the conditions for 
the initiation of resolution proceedings, the exercising of the Bail-in Powers by the relevant Resolution 
Authority may result in material losses for the bondholders. Financial public support will only be used 
as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution 
tools, including the bail-in tool. Consent of the bondholders is not necessary for affecting bail-in 
measures by the relevant Resolution Authority. 
As long as there are no liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings initiated against the Company, all claims 
arising from the Bonds shall be satisfied in accordance with the Terms of the Bonds and the applicable 
law.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
2.5. Currency 
The Bonds are denominated in euros.  
2.6. Interest and Yield 
The Bonds carry an annual coupon interest at the rate provided in the Final Terms, calculated from the 
date of issue of the Bonds until the date of redemption. The frequency of the interest payments has 
been provided in the Final Terms. The interest on the Bonds is calculated based on the 30-day calendar 
month and 360-day calendar year (30/360). 
2.7. Maturity of Bonds 
The Bonds are issued with a maturity of 10 years.  
According to the Terms of the Bonds, the Company is entitled to redeem the Bonds prematurely at any 
time after the lapse of 5 years as from the date of issue by notifying the bondholders at least 30 days 
in advance. The Company is further entitled to redeem the Bonds prematurely before the lapse of the 
5-year term if there is a change in the regulative classification of the Bonds resulting in the Bonds being, 
in the opinion of the Company, excluded from the classification as own funds of a credit institution or if 
there is a significant change in the taxation regime applicable in respect of the Bonds, provided that the 
Company was not in a position to foresee such changes upon the issue of the Bonds. 
The Bonds may be redeemed prematurely by the Company on the above-described grounds only if the 
EFSA has granted its consent to the early redemption. The EFSA may grant its consent for the early 
redemption of the Bonds as from the date when 5 years have passed from their issuance only if the 
conditions of Article 78(1) of the CRR2, as amended by CRR II3 are met. The EFSA may grant its 
consent for the early redemption of the Bonds before the date when 5 years have passed from their 
issuance only if the conditions of Article 78(4) of the CRR, as amended by CRR II are met.4 
The bondholders are not entitled to claim early redemption of the Bonds under any circumstances. 
2.8. Rights Attached to Bonds 
The rights attached to the Bonds have been established by the Terms of the Bonds, which are included 
in this Prospectus as Schedule 1. The main rights of bondholders arising from the Bonds and the Terms 
of the Bonds are the right to the redemption of the Bonds and the right to receive payment of interest. 
In addition to the right to the redemption of the Bonds and the right to receive payment of interest, upon 
a delay in making any payments due under the Terms of the Bonds, the bondholders are entitled to a 
delay interest at the rate of 0.025% per each day in delay. 
The rights arising from the Bonds can be exercised by the bondholders in accordance with the Terms 
of the Bonds and the applicable law. According to the Terms of the Bonds any dispute between the 
Company and a bondholder shall be solved by amicable negotiations and if the amicable negotiations 
have no outcome during a reasonable period of time, the dispute shall be settled by Estonian courts, 
 
2 Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (the CRR). 
3 Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (the CRR II). 
4 Article 78 of the CRR, as amended by CRR II regulates the conditions of granting supervisory permission for reducing own 
funds, whereas the aim of the regulation as a whole is to ensure due compliance with the capital adequacy requirements 
applicable in respect of credit institutions and investment firms.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
whereas Harju County Court shall be the court of first instance. Claims arising from the Bonds shall 
expire in accordance with the statutory terms arising from applicable law. 
After the contemplated listing of the Bonds on the Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock 
Exchange, information will be disclosed via the information system of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock 
Exchange. 
2.9. Transferability 
The Bonds are freely transferable; however, any bondholder wishing to transfer the Bonds must ensure 
that any offering related to such a transfer would not be qualified as requiring the publication of a 
prospectus in accordance with the applicable law. According to the Terms of the Bonds, ensuring that 
any offering of the Bonds does require the publication of a prospectus in accordance with the applicable 
law is the obligation and liability of the bondholder. 
2.10. Applicable Law 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with and are governed by the laws of the Republic of Estonia 
unless the exclusive jurisdiction of any other court is provided for by the provisions of law, which cannot 
be derogated from by an agreement of the parties. 
2.11. Listing and Admission to Trading  
The Company intends to apply for the listing and admission to trading of the Bonds on the Baltic Bond 
List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange. The expected date of listing and the admission to trading 
of the Bonds is specified in the Final Terms of the Bonds. While every effort will be made and due care 
will be taken in order to ensure the listing and the admission to trading of the Bonds by the Company, 
the Company cannot ensure that the Bonds are listed and admitted to trading on the Baltic Bond List of 
the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange. Should the Bonds not be listed and admitted to trading on the 
Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange, it is likely that a secondary market for the Bonds will not develop, there 
will not be a public and independent market price for the Bonds, and an investor may not be able to 
follow their investment thesis as envisaged, including in particular in respect of sale of the Bonds.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
2.12. Form of Final Terms 
FINAL TERMS OF THE BONDS 
[Date] 
AS INBANK 
Issue of EUR [Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Series] Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds 
under the EUR 35,000,000 Bond Programme 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds. This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Bonds described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with such Terms and with the base prospectus drawn up by the 
Company, dated [date] (the “Prospectus”). Full information on the Company and the offer of the Bonds 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Terms and the Prospectus. 
The 
Prospectus 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
through 
the 
Company’s 
website 
(https://inbank.ee/en/investor/bonds). 
A summary of this series has been appended to these Final Terms. The Final Terms have been 
approved by a decision of the Company’s Management Board of [date]. The Final Terms have been 
filed with the EFSA but are not subject to approval proceedings. 
1.  
Issuer 
AS Inbank 
2.  
Number of series 
[       ] 
3.  
Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Series 
EUR [amount]. [The Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
series may be increased by the Company up to EUR 
[amount] until the Issue Date] 
4.  
Issue currency 
EUR 
5.  
Nominal Amount 
EUR 1,000 
6.  
Issue Price  
100% of the original Nominal Amount 
7.  
Issue Date and Interest 
Commencement Date 
[date] 
8.  
Maturity Date 
[date] 
9.  
Redemption/Payment 
Basis 
Redemption at par 
10.  
Interest 
 
11.  
i. Calculation basis 
Fixed interest 
12.  
ii. Interest Payment Dates 
[description] 
 
iii. Interest Rate 
[number]% per annum 
 
iv. Interest calculation 
method 
30/360 
 
v. Rate of delay interest 
0.025% per day 
13.  
Yield 
[number]% per annum. Yield is calculated based on the 
Nominal Amount and on the Issue Date. Actual yield 
may differ depending on the price paid for a specific

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
bond by an investor  
14.  
Subscription Period 
[beginning and end times of period] 
15.  
ISIN code 
[code] 
16.  
Listing and admission to 
trading 
Application will be made to the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock 
Exchange for the Bonds to be admitted to the Baltic 
Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange 
 
 
Signed on behalf of AS Inbank  
 
______ 
Date:

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1. Introduction  
Investing into the Bonds issued by the Company entails various risks. Each prospective investor in the 
Bonds should thoroughly consider all the information in this Prospectus, including the risk factors 
described below. Any of the risk factors described below, or additional risks not currently known to the 
Management or not considered significant by the Management, could have a material adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition, operations or prospects of the Company and its Group and result 
in a corresponding decline in the value of the Bonds or the ability of the Company to redeem the Bonds. 
As a result, investors could lose a part or all of the value of their investments. The Management believes 
that the factors described below present the principal risks inherent in investing into the Bonds. The risk 
factors are presented in categories and where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one 
category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. The 
most material risk factor in a category is presented first under that category, the assessment of 
materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude 
of their negative impact, disclosed by rating the relevant risk as low, medium or high. Subsequent risk 
factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence.  
This Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice or an investment recommendation 
to acquire the Bonds. Each prospective investor must determine, based on its own independent review 
and analysis and such professional advice as it deems necessary and appropriate, whether an 
investment into the Bonds is consistent with its financial needs and investment objectives and whether 
such investment is consistent with any rules, requirements and restrictions as may be applicable to that 
investor, such as investment policies and guidelines, laws and regulations of the relevant authorities, 
etc. 
3.2. Risks Related to the Company’s Financial Situation 
Credit Risk. Credit risk is inherent to the core operations of the Group. The Group considers credit risk 
as the risk of potential loss which may arise from counterparty's inability to meet its obligations to the 
Group companies. The Group considers credit risk as the risk of potential loss which may arise from 
counterparty's inability to meet its obligations to the Group companies. Materialisation of credit risk may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
Within the credit risk, the Group is also exposed to the following sub-risks. 
Loan portfolio credit risk. Loan portfolio credit risk affects mostly credit exposures to customers, 
including outstanding loans, as well as other receivables and commitments. Uncollateralised consumer 
lending to households is the Group’s key activity, accounting for 99% of total loan portfolio as of 30 
September 2023. Credit risk related to rental services is limited to monthly receivables from rental 
payments as rented assets are owned by the Group. The Group makes allowances for potential credit 
losses in accordance with the applicable requirements, including in compliance with the IFRS 
requirements; however, such allowances are made based on the available information, estimates and 
assumptions, which by definition are subject to certain amount of uncertainty. Therefore, there can be 
no assurance that allowances made are sufficient to cover potential losses. In case of changing 
circumstances additional allowances may be created. As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s gross loan 
portfolio was EUR 916 million, whereas impairment allowances constituted EUR 20.5 million, which 
forms 2.2% from the total loan portfolio of the Group. Furthermore, the outbreak of the active war in 
Ukraine in 2022 followed by energy crises and the escalation of goods supply crises originally caused 
by the COVID-19 crisis has had a negative impact on the overall economic and financial situation. The 
ongoing crises have caused a strong increase in inflation both globally and even more in Estonia and 
Eastern Europe followed by increases in interest rates that have altogether led to economic recession 
in Estonia, Eastern Europe and the EU in general. The increased costs and interest rates may

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
deteriorate even further the financial health of the borrowers, the credit quality of loans and volume of 
non-performing loans, which in turn could result for the Group to make additional allowances for credit 
losses which could have a material adverse impact on the financial position of the Group. 
Credit risk of other counterparties. Credit risk also affects cash and cash equivalents held with third 
parties (such as deposits with commercial banks, central banks and other financial institutions), other 
exposures with credit institutions, bonds, as well as other related receivables and commitments. The 
Group may also be exposed to credit risk through potential transactions with derivatives etc. The 
economic recession and other negative factors which may occur may also raise the credit risk of non-
lending counterparties. 
Geographical Markets Risk. The Group offers loans on five geographical markets – Estonia, Latvia, 
Lithuania, Poland and Czechia. As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s loan portfolio attributable to the 
Polish market was the highest accounting for 43% of the Group’s total loan portfolio, followed by the 
Estonian market with 25%, the Lithuanian market with 22%, the Latvian market with 9% and the Czech 
market with 1%. Therefore, any adverse event or development especially in Poland and Estonia may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial condition and results of operations.  
Concentration Risk. The Group considers concentration risk as part of counterparty credit risk, to which 
the Group is subject due to the operations of the Group. Concentration risk is a risk arising from a large 
risk exposure to one counterparty or related counterparties or multiple counterparties impacted by a 
single risk factor. The Group addresses assets associated with one counterparty, related counterparties 
and one industry, region or risk factor as part of concentration risk. As the Group’s main business 
involves uncollateralised consumer lending to households, it makes the Group exposed to the changes 
in the solvency of households that are impacted by the unemployment rate, level of wages etc. 
Furthermore, as of 30 September 2023, the Group had no receivables that exceeded 10% of the 
Group’s own funds. The materialisation of concentration risk may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's operations, financial condition and results of operations.  
Market Risk. Market risk arises primarily from the Group’s lending and borrowing activities (interest rate 
risk) as well as open foreign currency positions. Market risk is the risk of potential loss which may arise 
from unfavourable changes in interest rates or foreign exchange rates. The Group is naturally exposed 
to the interest rate risk due to changes in the maturities and interest rates of loans and/or deposits. 
Within the Group, internal judgement and know-how is used to assess and avoid potential market 
losses; however, such internal judgement may turn out to be inaccurate due to changes in the financial 
markets not foreseen at the time of making the judgement. In order to mitigate the market risk, 
conservative limits have been established for open market risk and foreign currency exposures of the 
Group, but despite the measures taken by the Group, the market risk may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s operations, financial condition and results of operations. Further description of the 
types of market risk is provided below.  
Interest Rate Risk. The operations of the Group are inherently exposed to interest rate risk. Interest rate 
risk arises due to the fluctuations of market interest rates over time, while the Group’s business involves 
intermediation activity that produces exposures to both maturity mismatch (e.g. long-maturity assets 
funded by short-maturity liabilities) and repricing mismatch (e.g. variable rate loans funded by fixed rate 
deposits). The Company is responsible for the management of interest rate risk of the Subsidiaries. The 
profitability of the Group depends on the difference between the interest it charges from its debtors and 
the interest it pays to its creditors (net interest income). The amount of net interest income earned by 
the Group companies materially affects the revenues and the profitability of the operations of the Group. 
Due to the inflationary pressures building from loose monetary and fiscal policy during the COVID-19 
pandemic and energy supplies disturbed by the war in Ukraine, the last two years have shown 
unprecedented inflation in our region. This has already caused sharp hikes in interest rates both in 
Poland and in the Eurozone. There has been some decrease in interest rates in Poland, however, there

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
is no certainty that euro interest rates will not continue rising further, in the extent of possible increases 
and in the timing of possible decreases. Factors affecting interest rates include the changes in the 
overall economic environment, level of inflation, monetary policies of states, etc, which are outside the 
control of the Company. Therefore, interest rate risk may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, financial condition and results of operations. As of 31 December 2022, a 1 percentage point 
increase in market interest rates would decrease the Group’s economic value, i.e. equity, by EUR -
2.133 thousand. At the same time, a decrease of 1 percentage point in market interest rates would 
increase the Group’s economic value (equity) by EUR +1.933 thousand. An increase of 1 percentage 
point in interest rates would affect the Group’s annual profit by EUR +0.1 thousand while a decrease of 
1 percentage point in interest rates would affect the Group’s annual profit by EUR -703 thousand.  
Differences in interest rate repricing maturity for the reporting period are presented in the table below. 
In thousands of euros 
2022 
9 months 2023  
Up to 1 month 
184,457 
289,986 
1 to 3 months 
-130,461 
-169,604 
3 to 12 months 
-67,453 
-242,151 
1 to 5 years 
36,183 
119,394 
>5 years 
29,463 
33,668 
 
Foreign Currency Risk. The Group operates in an international environment and, accordingly, is 
exposed to foreign currency risk. It arises from the Group’s activities through the Inbank Poland branch 
by offering consumer financing and accepting public deposits denominated in Polish zloty and the 
Inbank Czechia branch by offering consumer financing in Czech koruna. Foreign exchange rates may 
be affected by complex political and economic factors, including relative rates of inflation, interest rate 
levels, the balance of payments between countries, the extent of any governmental surplus or deficit, 
and from the monetary, fiscal and trade policies pursued by the governments of the relevant currencies. 
Devaluation, depreciation or appreciation of foreign currency may have a significant adverse effect on 
the value of the Group's assets denominated in foreign currency or increase the euro value of the 
Group's foreign currency liabilities. Although the Group's foreign currency risk management is based 
on risk policies, limits and internal procedures, it may turn out to be inadequate and therefore, foreign 
currency risk may have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The size of the open currency positions and impact of foreign currency rate changes of currency 
positions to the Group’s net profit are presented in the table below. The impact to profit and loss 
statement has been measured against a potential exchange rate movement of +/- 10% which is in line 
with the stress scenario used by the Group for measuring foreign currency risk of its net open positions. 
In thousands of euros (unaudited) 
 
 
 
 
30.09.2023 
EUR 
PLN 
CZK 
Total 
Assets bearing currency risk 
794,341      
432,201      
9,387      
1,235,929      
Liabilities bearing currency risk 
688,881 
437,020 
160 
1,126,061 
Open position of derivative assets 
8,908 
4,664 
0 
13,572 
Open position of derivative liabilities 
4,664 
0 
8,908 
13,572 
Open currency position 
109,704 
-155 
319 
109,868 
Impact on a 10% adverse change of 
FX rate on an open currency position 
0 
-16 
31 
16 
 
Liquidity Risk and Dependence on Access to Funding Resources. Liquidity risk relates to the ability of 
the Group to meet its contractual obligations on time and it arises from differences between maturities 
of assets and liabilities. Due to its business activities, the maturity of the assets of the Group (e.g. loans 
to its customers) tend to be longer than the maturity of its liabilities (e.g. term deposits). The Group’s

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
liquidity management and strategy is based on risk policies, resulting in various liquidity risk measures, 
limits and internal procedures. As per policy statements, the Group’s liquidity management reflects a 
conservative approach towards liquidity risk. Such risk policies and internal procedures may, however, 
not be adequate or sufficient in order to ensure the Group’s access to funding resources when needed, 
to the extent needed or on favourable terms in order to ensure sufficient liquidity. The Group is fully 
compliant with the regulatory ratios – the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding 
Ratio (NSFR). The aim of the LCR standard is to ensure that the Group has an adequate amount of 
unencumbered assets of high quality and liquidity that could be monetised without incurring material 
losses to meet a liquidity requirement in a 30-day stress scenario while NSFR ensures adequate stable 
funding sources to finance longer-term assets. The Group’s LCR and NSFR as of 30 September 2023 
were respectively 1596% and 124% while the regulatory minimum requirement for both metrics is set 
at 100%. The Company’s outstanding Tier 2 subordinated bonds (ISIN EE3300001544) with a total 
volume of EUR 8 million will mature on 19 December 2029 and Tier 2 subordinated bonds (ISIN 
EE3300002302) with a total volume of EUR 15 million will mature on 15 December 2031. In order to 
meet its obligations toward the holders of the bonds and to continue the growth and development in 
accordance with current strategy and business plan, the Group needs to raise additional funding, which 
may turn out not to be successful. Materialisation of the risks related to liquidity and failure to obtain 
sufficient funding for operations, or the increased costs or unfavourable terms of financing or refinancing 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Furthermore, the Group may encounter difficulties in financing its capital needs, which may 
prevent the realisation of its strategic plans and could result in the Group having to forgo opportunities 
that may arise in the future. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
competitive position.  
3.3. Risks Related to the Company’s and Subsidiaries’ Business Activities and the 
Group’s Industry 
Strategic Risk. Strategic risk is the risk that business and competitive environment, impact of regulation 
on the Group’s activities, inadequate implementation of strategy, changes in customer expectations or 
inadequate implementation of new technologies may cause losses or significantly reduce revenues. For 
reasons of corporate growth, the Group’s strategic risk is estimated to exceed the strategic risk of a 
bank positioned in a stable stage. The Group’s strategic risk is mitigated through well-considered 
business plans and analyses, as well as engaging professionals with long-term experience in the 
banking sector and/or entrepreneurship as the members of management and supervisory boards of the 
Group companies. Further, entries into new markets and sectors are always preceded by an in-depth 
analysis and engaging experts in the particular field, where necessary. However, despite the measures 
taken by the Group, the materialisation of strategic risk may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operations, financial condition and results of operations.       
Operational Risk. Operational risk is a risk of potential loss caused by people, internal processes, 
system failures and external events. The definition includes legal and compliance risks but excludes 
strategic and reputational risks. In addition, operational risk also embraces the risk of external and 
internal fraud and misconduct. The main operational risks concerning Inbank are related to the 
significant growth of the company. The increasing number of employees, the growing volume of 
transactions and the launch of new products mean a constant need for new structures and processes 
as well as development of systems. Risk of loss includes any actual or potential as well as direct or 
indirect loss caused by operational risk events. For the Group the realisation of such risks could lead to 
a disruption in provision of services, non-conformity with applicable requirements and financial losses. 
The prior is true especially due to the Group relying strongly on the effective functioning of its processes 
and systems. The Group manages operational risk based on an established operational risk policy. The 
Group’s working procedures are reviewed periodically to ensure minimising human and process flaws, 
and the information systems and operations are monitored constantly in order to identify risks, flaws or

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
fraud, to minimise the potential loss arising therefrom, however, the risk of such losses cannot be 
eliminated altogether. The Group may, despite its efforts, fail to mitigate all risks and the operational 
risk may have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and results of 
business operations. The actual risk profile of the Company’s operational risk during 2022 has been in 
accordance with the risk appetite set by the Supervisory Board, the real and potential losses from 
operational risk have remained low. In 2022, the real and potential losses to own funds of the Group 
constituted 0.22% (0.10% in 2021). As of 30 September 2023, the Group’s year-to-date operational risk 
losses accounted for 0.21% of the Group’s own funds. Within the operational risk the Group is also 
subjected to the following sub-risks. 
Dependency on Information Technology Systems and Risk of Cyber-Attacks. The Group has developed 
and uses a variety of custom-made information technology systems and web-based solutions in 
carrying out its everyday business operations, providing services to its clients and for financial reporting. 
The business model of the Group is specifically built upon providing its services with the help of 
innovative information technology solutions. The dependency on such systems is further increasing in 
time with the spread of online and mobile banking services and the development of cloud computing. 
This means that the Group is exceedingly open to risks over which it has no control, including system-
wide failures of communication infrastructure, quality and reliability of equipment and software supplied 
by third parties and other similar risks. The Group is also exposed to cyber risks and risks in IT 
development. Furthermore, should the Group experience a significant security breakdown or other 
significant disruption to its information technology systems, sensitive information could be 
compromised, which in turn could result in civil and administrative liability for the Group companies 
before its customers, counterparties, and state authorities, as well as in a general decrease in the 
trustworthiness of the Group and consequently in the demand for its services. The Group has made 
significant investments into developing well-functioning and secure information technology systems and 
is constantly working on improving such systems and developing adequate contingency procedures. 
The combination of the importance of IT systems in the activities of the Group and the level or residual 
risk despite the mitigation efforts of the Group lead to a medium risk level of the Group. The Group may, 
despite its efforts, fail to mitigate all risks or fail to take appropriate and effective countermeasures if its 
information technology systems fall under attack, which in turn may have material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operations, financial condition and results of operations.  
Dependency on Qualified Staff. The results of operations of the Group depend highly on the ability to 
engage and retain qualified, skilled and experienced staff. Aside from the information technological 
systems, the existence of qualified, skilled and experienced staff is one of the other key factors enabling 
the Group companies to operate profitably and to grow further. In the highly competitive environment 
of the financial sector in which the Group companies compete and considering the Group’s expansion 
targets, the Group companies must make continuous efforts to attract new qualified personnel and 
motivate existing management and employees. Regulatory restrictions applicable to the Company, 
such as the limits on certain types of remuneration paid by credit institutions and investment firms set 
forth in CRD IV5 and further developed in CRD V6, could adversely affect the Group’s ability to attract 
new qualified personnel and retain and motivate existing employees. Each of the Group’s employees 
has one’s own responsibility area and speciality which only slightly overlap with other colleagues. Any 
loss of the services of key employees, particularly to competitors, or the inability to attract and retain 
highly skilled personnel may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
 
5 Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (the CRD IV). 
6 Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as 
regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures 
and powers and capital conservation measures (the CRD V).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Reputational Risk. Reputational risk is a risk of loss resulting from any deterioration of the Group’s 
reputation. In the banking sector, where the Group companies and most notably the Company operate, 
a good reputation is paramount. As the Company obtained a banking license and started operating 
under a new business name (Inbank) only eight years ago and has since been step-by-step been 
entering new geographical markets, the development of a strong brand and good reputation is 
especially important for the Company, and thus the Company is more susceptible to reputational risk 
than older and better-established brands in the financial sector of each country where it operates. The 
reputation affects the trustworthiness of the Company which is the principal basis for conducting the 
business in the sector. Reputational risk can, above all, be attributed to the materialisation of other risks, 
such as operational, strategic, compliance risks or exposure to civil liability. The Group mitigates the 
reputational risk by carrying out regular risk management trainings as well as by continually improving 
the Group-wide risk management framework, thus ensuring a strong risk culture. However, the 
measures taken by the Group may prove to be ineffective or insufficient and further, in addition to factors 
directly attributable to the Group companies and their employees, the reputation of the Group is affected 
by circumstances beyond the control of the Group, such as the conduct of its business partners, whom 
the Group has over 5,400, or information circulating in the media. Any deterioration of the Group’s 
reputation in the eyes of customers, business partners, owners, employees, investors or supervisory 
authorities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial condition and results 
of operations, including the Company’s ability to attract deposits and secure funding on favourable 
terms.  
Competitive Market. The Group mostly operates in the five main geographical markets (i.e. Estonia, 
Latvia, Lithuania, Poland and Czechia), which are all highly competitive markets. In addition to the 
licenced credit institutions and branches of foreign banks present in the geographical markets where 
the Group operates, there are market participants (financial institutions, e.g. creditors) who are not 
subject to regulatory and capital requirements as burdensome as the Group companies, and who 
therefore may have a competitive advantage over the Group companies on the relevant market. 
Furthermore, recent trends in the crediting and lending market may be characterised by the 
development of new products and solutions, which compete with the more conservative and traditional 
products and services offered by the Group. Often such alternative service providers are able to offer 
more favourable terms than the Group companies, which may result in price pressure on the products 
and services offered by the Group. If the Group fails to respond to the competitive environment in its 
highly competitive target markets by offering attractive and profitable product and service solutions, it 
may face the decrease of its market shares or the overall profitability of the Group.  
Exposure to Conduct of Other Market Participants. The Group’s access to financing, investment and 
derivative transactions may be adversely affected by market practices of other market participants. 
Unfettered access to the financial markets is needed to ensure that the Group is able to finance its 
activities, when needed. Financial and securities markets are interrelated and defaults and failures to 
conduct sound business by other market players could lead to market-wide liquidity problems or other 
market-wide issues, which could adversely affect the Group’s access to capital resources. Further, the 
Group companies have exposure to many counterparties arising from clearing, funding or other 
relationships with them. Failure of such market participants to meet their obligations may result in the 
default of the Group companies before other counterparties and clients, which in turn may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial condition and results of operations.  
Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies. As of 30 September 2023, the Company holds a 65.7% indirect 
shareholding in Mobire Group OÜ and a 27.1% indirect shareholding in Paywerk AS. The operations of 
these joint ventures (not joint venture according to accounting standards) may be adversely affected by 
the other shareholders of the companies. It cannot be excluded that the joint venture partners exercise 
their voting rights for influencing management decisions in a direction with which the Company 
disagrees, or fails to exercise its voting rights to adopt management decisions that in the view of the

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Company are necessary in the interest of those companies. Whereas in Mobire Group OÜ these risks 
are mitigated by the majority shareholding belonging to the Group, the minority shareholder acts as 
CEO of the company and has therefore a strong effect on the day-to-day business activities of the 
company which may be used contrary to the wishes and directions of the Group as a shareholder. 
Although the Management considers the materialisation of the above-described risks unlikely and has 
high confidence and trust in its joint venture partners, such behaviour by other shareholders, in theory, 
cannot be excluded or prevented, and may have adverse effect on the financial position and results of 
operations of the subsidiaries and affiliated companies. Given that the financial results and the 
operations of the Group depend to an extent on the performance and the sound management of the 
subsidiaries and the affiliated companies, then this may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operations, financial condition and results of operations.  
3.4. Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Solvency risk. Solvency risk is the risk of the Group not having sufficient capital to absorb losses, 
including the risk of not having sufficient capital to meet the regulatory capital adequacy requirements. 
The purpose of solvency risk management is that the Group must at all times have sufficient capital to 
absorb possible losses, support its business plan, and meet all regulatory minimum requirements. 
Solvency risk management includes the systematic measurement and assessment, management, and 
monitoring of solvency risk across a variety of relevant metrics, including regulatory capital ratios. Credit 
institutions and investment firms must adhere to strict capital adequacy requirements subject to frequent 
reforms and changes. Currently, the capital of banks and investment firms in the EU is subject to the 
legal framework of CRR & CRR II/CRD IV & CRD V, BRRD7/BRRD II8. These requirements are largely 
based on the Basel III framework that was agreed in the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision with 
the objective to strengthen the resilience of the financial sector to economic shocks and thereby ensure 
the adequate and sustainable financing of the economy, and are still subject to transitional 
arrangements (phase-in of deductions and capital buffers and phase-out of capital elements). In 
addition, the Council of the European Union has still to adopt, among others, reforms for both the CRR 
II and CRD V to finalise implementation of the Basel III framework and certain changes foreseen under 
the CRR II and CRD V are still to be implemented as the relevant implementation deadlines were 
postponed to help the banks deal with the impacts of COVID-19. In addition to common capital 
requirements, the Group must maintain the capital conservation buffer at the level of 2.5%. Systemic 
risk buffer was reduced to 0% when the COVID-19 crisis began and by the date of this Prospectus, 
there is no information on upcoming changes of these rates. The countercyclical capital buffer 
applicable to the Group is 0.35%. So far, the Group has complied with all applicable capital 
requirements. However, the capital requirements adopted in Estonia and the European Union may 
change, whether as a result of further changes of the EU or Estonian legislation, global standards or 
interpretation thereof. Such changes, either individually or in combination, may lead to unexpected 
increased requirements and have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company and the 
Group as a whole. This may result in the need to increase capital, reduce leverage and risk weighted 
assets, modify the Group’s legal structure or even change the Group’s business model.  
Compliance and Regulatory Risks. The Group operates in highly regulated fields of business, in various 
different countries and its operations are subject to a number of laws, regulations, policies, guidance 
and voluntary codes of practice. The regulatory framework that was introduced after the global financial 
 
7 Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 
2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No 
1093/2010 and (EU) No tän648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council (the BRRD). 
8 Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and 
Directive 98/26/EC (the BRRD II).

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
and economic crises of 2007-2009 (CRR, CRR II, CRD IV, CRD V, BRRD, BRRD II, SRMR9, SRMR 
II10) is under constant revision. Certain requirements of CRD V and CRR II are still to be implemented 
and it is already known that a further revision of the capital requirements is required in order for the 
European Union legislative framework to comply with the Basel III standards which would likely further 
increase capital requirements. Although the Group does not offer products or services that are generally 
considered to entail high money laundering and terrorist financing risks, the recent and ongoing 
developments in this area have placed additional strain on the operating processes of the Group. As 
the business model of the Group is centred around automated IT processes and is thus very dependent 
on data processing, the regulatory changes (e.g. GDPR11 that came into effect in 2018) related to data 
processing have a significant impact on the activities of the Group. Additionally, as the Group’s main 
business is operated in five different countries, it must follow rules under a number of different legislative 
regimes. Even though all the countries where the Group operate belong to the European Union, there 
are some differences as to the implementation of EU law and several areas related to the Group’s 
operations belong under local legislation, e.g. rules for providing credit, advertising, contract and 
employment laws. Therefore, the increased requirements and expectations, enhanced supervisory 
standards and uncertainty with regard to further changes may result in limitations of operating flexibility 
and certain lines of business, additional costs and liabilities, a necessity to change legal, capital or 
funding structures, and decisions to exit or not to engage in certain business activities.  
Tax Regime Risks. Tax regimes of the geographical markets where the Group operates are from time 
to time subject to change, some of which may be dictated by short-term political needs and may 
therefore be unexpected and unpredictable. For example, since 2018 as a result of a separate corporate 
income (CIT) regime targeted specifically at Estonian resident credit institutions, credit institutions are 
required to make quarterly advance payments of income tax on the profit earned in the previous quarter 
while the companies operating in other sectors remain subject to the general corporate income tax 
regime whereunder profit taxed only at the time of distribution. Such advance payments by banks are 
made at a reduced CIT rate of 14% (according to the change in law adopted in June 2023, as of 1 
January 2025 the rate will increase to 18%). This CIT has a more significant impact on credit institutions 
in the active growth phase, such as the Company, as it continually reduces its own funds. In the months 
before the date of this prospectus there have been certain political incentives to further tax the banking 
sector to increase tax revenue of Estonia. The outcome of such initiatives, if any, is still uncertain.  A 
further increase in the CIT rate or any other similar or different changes in the tax regimes in the 
jurisdictions where the Group companies operate or in the interpretation of such tax laws, regulations 
or treaties may have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and results 
of operations.  
Exposure to Regulatory Actions and Investigations. The Group offers various financial services and 
products and is therefore subject to extensive and comprehensive regulations imposed both through 
local and through European legal acts. Such risk arises mostly due to the sector in which the Company 
operates. Several local and European authorities, including financial supervision, consumer protection, 
data protection, tax and other authorities regularly perform investigations, examinations, inspections 
and audits of companies acting in the same sector as the Group. Such proceedings include, but are not 
limited to topics like capital requirements, standards of consumer lending, anti-money laundering 
(“AML”), anti-bribery, payments, reporting, corporate governance, data protection, etc. Any 
determination by the authorities that the Company or any Group entities have not acted in compliance 
 
9 Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the SRMR). 
10 Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (the SRMR II). 
11 Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons 
with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General 
Data Protection Regulation) (the “GDPR”).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
with all the applicable laws and regulations could have serious legal and reputational consequences for 
the Group, including exposure to fines, criminal and civil penalties and other damages, increased 
prudential requirements or even lead to business disruption in the respective fields. Any of these 
consequences may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operations, financial condition 
and results of operations.  
9 October 2023 the EFSA issued a precept to the Company based on its on-site inspection assessing 
the general governance, compliance function, the management of IT risk, credit risk and liquidity risk, 
and accuracy of reporting in the Company. The precept lists deficiencies in various areas with deadlines 
for their elimination. The Company has already eliminated several of the deficiencies and is working to 
eliminate all by the deadlines provided in the precept. 
Exposure to Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (“ML/TF”) risks. The recent discoveries of the 
vulnerability of banks with regard to ML/TF, the regulatory environment as well as the supervisory 
approach have become very strict and focused on ML/TF risks. The target customers, operating regions 
as well as the offered products and services of the Group include modest ML/TF risks compared to the 
majority in the banking sector. Nevertheless, a significant portion of attention has to be put on these 
risks by the Group in order to meet its low risk appetite for ML/TF risk. Therefore, the Group must put 
in significant effort to comply with AML requirements. Failure to do so would most likely lead to 
implementation of strict supervisory measures, reputational damage and could result in business 
disruption.  
Contractual Risk. The operations of the Company are materially dependent on the validity and 
enforceability of the transactions and agreements entered into by it. These transactions and agreements 
may be subject to the laws of Estonia or foreign laws. While due care is taken to ensure that the terms 
of these transactions and agreements are fully enforceable under the laws applicable to them, 
occasional contradictions and variations of interpretation may occur. Consequently, the Company may 
not be able to always enforce their contractual rights. Moreover, the legal environment where such 
transactions are affected and agreements are entered into, which is primarily that of the Baltic states, 
Poland and Czechia, is subject to changes, both through the enactment of new laws and regulations 
and through changes in interpretation by the competent authorities and courts. Therefore, it cannot be 
fully excluded that certain terms of the transactions and agreements entered into by the Company may 
turn out to be unenforceable, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
operations, financial condition and results of operations. Risk is magnified by the fact that most of the 
agreements the Company concludes with its customers are based on standard terms and conditions. 
Hence, any change in law or interpretation could affect a large number of agreements concluded with 
the customers.  
Exposure to Civil Liability. The Company operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes 
it to significant risk of claims, disputes and legal proceedings. Due to the nature of its business (provision 
of consumer credit) use of the court system for enforcing claims in arrears is a part of the day-to-day 
activity of the Company. The results of such disputes are inherently difficult to predict and even the 
disputes themselves, not only unfavourable outcomes, may result in the Company incurring significant 
expenses and damages, and have negative effects on the Company’s reputation, which in turn may 
have material adverse effect on the Company’s operations, financial condition and results of operations.  
3.5. Political and Economic Risks 
Changes in Economic Environment. Each of the Group’s operating segments is affected by general 
economic and geopolitical conditions.  Severe market disruptions have occurred in the recent past (such 
as the 2008 financial crisis, the 2011 European sovereign debt crisis, the COVID-19 pandemic or the 
war in Ukraine) and may occur again in the future. Although as of the date of this Prospectus, the 
financial markets have to some extent recovered from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, the

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
general economic environment remains negatively impacted by supply chain issues, market volatility 
and high inflation and the ongoing Russian invasion in Ukraine, which is adding to inflationary pressure 
across the EU through rising commodity prices. The general economic environment on the one hand 
affects the demand for the services, but on the other hand negative trends in the economy increase the 
credit risks. Similarly, adverse changes in the economic environment, especially of countries where the 
Group companies operate, could negatively affect the operations of the Group in several ways, including 
significantly increasing the credit risk stemming from the Group’s loan portfolio and decreasing the 
demand for the Group’s services. Any deterioration in the economic environment of the countries where 
the Group operates could have a direct negative impact on the financial position and profitability of the 
Group. The Baltic and CEE region is a small open economy that is closely linked to the global economy 
and especially to the macroeconomic conditions in the Eurozone countries and Russia. Further, Poland 
and Czechia as non-Eurozone members manage their monetary policy independently and in doing so 
may act differently from the Eurozone as was evidenced by a sharper and earlier rise on Polish zloty      
interest rates. Although the Group constantly monitors developments on both domestic and 
international markets, it is not possible to forecast the timing or extent of changes in the economic 
environment.  
Geopolitical risks from war in Ukraine. On 24 February 2022, Russia began a military invasion of 
Ukraine, in a major escalation of the conflict that had begun in 2014. It is the largest military conflict in 
Europe in more than 20 years. The invasion has also caused a large refugee crisis the centre of which 
is in the area where the Group operates, with an emphasis on Poland. In connection with the invasion, 
western countries have imposed sanctions on Russia which are designed to hurt the Russian economy, 
but, undoubtedly, will also have a negative effect on European economy as well, especially in the Baltic 
and CEE countries which traditionally and historically have strong economic ties with Russia, and where 
the Group primarily operates. Russia has been an important source of energy, timber and different 
metals for the Baltic and CEE industrial sector. On a larger scale, Europe is already dealing with an 
uncertain supply of most industrial commodities produced in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine, and prices 
of such commodities have surged. All in all, the linkages to the Russian economy have ceased and 
negative effects stemming from the trade embargo will have a stronger effect on individual companies 
than on economic activities or sectors as a whole. Additionally, the limitations imposed by governments 
on Russian citizens have a strong effect on the individuals in question living in Europe.  As at the date 
of this Prospectus, the effect of the conflict is unclear, and the Company is continuing to monitor the 
impact which the conflict has had and could continue to have on the Group’s operations, Group’s 
customers, including private individuals and corporate customers, the markets in which it operates and 
more broadly on the macroeconomic outlook as the conflict develops. Whilst as at the date of this 
Prospectus it is difficult to predict how long the conflict will last and the degree to which the ongoing war 
in Ukraine and other geopolitical factors, including the possibility that the war will spill over to new 
territories. Specifically, risks related to the Russian war in Ukraine may, due to Estonia’s geographic 
proximity to Russia, negatively affect the behaviour of international investors and make it difficult for the 
Group to obtain further financing. 
3.6. Risks Related to the Bonds 
Credit Risk. An investment into the Bonds is subject to credit risk, which means that the Company may 
fail to meet its obligations arising from the Bonds in a duly and timely manner. The Company's ability to 
meet its obligations arising from the Bonds and the ability of the bondholders to receive payments 
arising from the Bonds depend on the financial position and the results of operations of the Company 
and the Group, which are subject to other risks described in this Prospectus. The Bonds are not bank 
deposits in the Company and are not guaranteed by the Guarantee Fund (in Estonian: Tagatisfond).  
Subordination Risk. The Bonds are subordinated to all unsubordinated claims against the Company; 
however, not to the claims, which are subordinated to the Bonds or which rank pari passu with the 
Bonds. The subordination of the Bonds means that upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Company,

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
all the claims arising from the Bonds shall fall due in accordance with the Terms of the Bonds and shall 
be satisfied only after the full satisfaction of all unsubordinated recognised claims against the Company 
in accordance with the applicable law. Therefore, upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Company, 
the holders of the Bonds are not entitled to any payments due under the Terms of the Bonds until the 
full and due satisfaction of all the unsubordinated claims against the Company. The subordination may 
have adverse effect on the Company's ability to meet all its obligations arising from the Bonds.  
Bail-In Risk. Any liability arising under the Bonds may be subject to the exercise of Bail-In Powers by 
the relevant Resolution Authority in cases where a Group company meets the conditions for the initiation 
of resolution proceedings (i.e. fails or is likely to fail and certain other conditions are met). Exercising 
the Bail-In Powers is subject to numerous preconditions and will only be used as a last resort; however, 
if the powers are exercised, it is possible that: (a) the amount outstanding of the Bonds is reduced, 
including to zero; (b) the Bonds are converted into shares, other securities or other instruments of the 
Company or another person; (c) the Bonds are cancelled; and/or (d) the terms of the Bonds are altered 
(e.g. the maturity date or interest rate of the Bonds could be changed). Therefore, if a Group company 
meets the conditions for the initiation of resolution proceedings, the exercising of the Bail-in Powers by 
the relevant Resolution Authority may result in material losses for the bondholders. Financial public 
support will only be used as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. Consent of the bondholders is not necessary 
for affecting bail-in measures by the Resolution Authority.  
Early Redemption Risk. According to the Terms of the Bonds, the Bonds may be redeemed prematurely 
on the initiative of the Company, at any time after the lapse of 5 years as from the date of issue of the 
Bonds as described in Section 2.7 "Maturity of Bonds". Further, according to the Terms of the Bonds, 
the Bonds may be redeemed by the Company even earlier than after the lapse of 5 years as from the 
date of issue of the Bonds as described in Section 2.7 "Maturity of Bonds" if amendments are made to 
the tax regulation that cause the Company to bear increased tax liability in regards of the Bonds, or if 
the Bonds seize or are likely to seize to be included in the Company’s Tier 2 capital. If any of these 
early redemption rights is exercised by the Company, the rate of return from an investment into the 
Bonds may be lower than initially anticipated. Also, the investors might not have an option to invest in 
financial instruments offering the similar risk/return characteristics at the time of the early redemption 
or could face additional costs in selecting a new investment. The Bonds may, however, be redeemed 
prematurely by the Company only if the EFSA (or the European Central Bank if it is in the competence 
thereof) has granted its consent to the early redemption. The decision on granting the consent involves 
a certain amount of discretion by the competent authority and the early redemption is therefore beyond 
the control of the Company.  
No Ownership Rights. An investment into the Bonds is an investment into debt instruments, which does 
not confer any legal or beneficial interest in the equity of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries thereof 
or any voting rights or rights to receive dividends or other rights which may arise from equity instruments. 
The Bonds represent an unsecured debt obligation of the Company, granting the bondholders only such 
rights as set forth in the Terms of the Bonds. The value of the Bonds might be affected by the actions 
of the shareholder of the Company over which the investors do not have control.  
Tax Regime Risks. Adverse changes in the tax regime applicable in respect of transacting with the 
Bonds or receiving interest or principal payments based on the Bonds may result in an increased tax 
burden of the bondholders and may therefore have adverse effect on the rate of return from the 
investment into the Bonds.  
Cancellation of Offering. Although best efforts will be made by the Company to ensure that the Offering 
is successful, the Company cannot provide any assurance that the Offering will be successful and that 
the investors will receive the Bonds they subscribed for. The Company is entitled to cancel the Offering 
on the terms and conditions described in the Section 4.10 "Cancellation of Offering".

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
3.7. Risks Related to Offering, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Bond Price and Limited Liquidity of Bonds. The Company will apply for the listing of the Bonds on the 
Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange; however, although every effort will be made by 
the Company to ensure the listing of the Bonds as anticipated by the Company, no assurance can be 
provided that the Bonds will be listed and admitted to trading. Further, the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock 
Exchange is substantially less liquid and more volatile than established markets in other jurisdictions. 
The YTD turnover of bonds admitted to trading on Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange is EUR 25 million 
with 6616 trades in total (as of 20 November 2023). The relatively small market capitalisation and low 
liquidity of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange may impair the ability of the bondholders to sell their 
Bonds on the open market, use them as a collateral for other obligations or engage in other transactions 
requiring the existence of an active market, or could increase the volatility of the price of the Bonds. As 
the Bonds of each series will bear a different ISIN code, the respective Bonds will also be traded 
separately which will affect their liquidity on the market. The value of the Bonds can fluctuate on the 
securities market due to events and the materialisation of risks related to the Group, but also because 
of events outside the Group’s control, such as economic, financial or political events, changes of interest 
rate levels or currency exchange rates, policy of central banks, changes in the demand or supply of 
securities of the same type in general or of the Bonds. For instance, if at any point a person holding a 
large block of Bonds decided to sell such Bonds, the demand on the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange 
may not be sufficient to accommodate such a sale or issue and any sale may take longer than originally 
expected or a sale may take place at a lower price than expected.  
Negative or Insufficient Analyst Coverage. There is no guarantee of continued (or any) analyst research 
coverage for the Company. Over time, the amount of third-party research available in respect of the 
Company may increase or decrease with little or no correlation with the actual results of its operations, 
as the Company has no influence on the analysts who prepare such reports. Negative or insufficient 
third-party reports would be likely to have an adverse effect on the market price and the trading volume 
of the Bonds.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
4. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OFFERING   
4.1. Offering 
This Offering is part of a Programme for the issue of up to 35,000 Bonds launched by the Company on 
1 November 2021 for a duration of 36 months. 15,000 Bonds were issued under the Programme on 
15 December 2021. Therefore, the Company may issue up to 20,000 additional Bonds in the 
Programme in one or several series, drawing up and publishing Final Terms and Summary specific to 
the series. In the course of the Offering, up to 20,000 Bonds may be offered to retail and institutional 
investors in Estonia (the Retail Offering). The Company may choose to offer the Bonds issued under 
the Programme to investors in and outside Estonia by private placement under exemptions from the 
obligation to draw up a prospectus or register such offer with the competent authorities available for the 
Company under law applicable to such offerings. 
In addition to the Retail Offering the Bonds may be offered in or outside Estonia to qualified investors 
in accordance with Article 1(4)(a) and (b) of the Prospectus Regulation (the Institutional Offering); 
however, this Prospectus relates only to the Retail Offering.  
Should Bonds of a series be offered both by way of Retail Offering as well as in the course of an 
Institutional Offering and/or private placement, the relevant Bonds of one series will be issued 
simultaneously or on dates close by and will be subject to one application to list and admit the Bonds 
to trading on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange. 
The division of the Bonds between the private placement (if chosen to be done by the Company), the 
Institutional Offering and the Retail Offering has not been predetermined and will be determined by the 
Company in accordance with the principles described in Section 4.7 “Distribution and Allocation” below. 
The total amount of Bonds may decrease in case any part of the Offering is cancelled – please see the 
Section 4.10 “Cancellation of Offering” for further details. 
4.2. Right to Participate in Offering 
The Retail Offering is directed to all retail and institutional investors in Estonia.  
4.3. Offer Price 
The Offer Price will be determined in the Final Terms of the Bonds. 
4.4. Offering Period 
The Offering Period is the period during which the persons who have the right to participate in the Retail 
Offering may submit Subscription Undertakings (please see Section 4.5 “Subscription Undertakings” 
for further details) for the Bonds. The Offering Period for each series of Bonds will be separately 
published through the information system of Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange and the website of the 
Company (https://inbank.ee/en/investor).  
4.5. Subscription Undertakings 
Submitting Subscription Undertakings  
The Subscription Undertakings may be submitted only during the Offering Period. An investor 
participating in the Retail Offering may apply to subscribe for the Bonds only for the Offer Price. Multiple 
Subscription Undertakings by one investor, if submitted, shall be merged for the purposes of allocation. 
All investors participating in the Retail Offering can submit Subscription Undertakings denominated only 
in euros. An investor shall bear all costs and fees charged by the respective account operator of Nasdaq

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
CSD accepting the Subscription Undertaking in connection with the submission, cancellation or 
amendment of a Subscription Undertaking. 
In order to subscribe for the Bonds, an investor must have a securities account with the Nasdaq CSD 
Estonian settlement system. Such securities account may be opened through any account operator of 
Nasdaq CSD. A complete and up to date table of account operators of Nasdaq CSD can be found at 
the following address: https://nasdaqcsd.com/estonia/en/list-of-participants/.  
Content of and Requirements for Subscription Undertakings  
A Subscription Undertaking is deemed submitted from the moment Nasdaq CSD receives a duly 
completed transaction instruction from the account operator of the respective investor.  
Submission of Subscription Undertakings through Nominee Accounts  
An investor may submit a Subscription Undertaking through a nominee account only if such an investor 
authorises the owner of the nominee account to disclose the investor’s identity, personal ID number or 
registration number, and address to the Company and Nasdaq CSD. Subscription Undertakings 
submitted through nominee accounts without the disclosure of the above information will be 
disregarded. 
Amendment and Cancellation of Subscription Undertakings  
Investors have the right to amend or cancel their Subscription Undertakings at any time until the end of 
the Offering Period. To do so, the investor must contact its/his/her account operator through whom the 
Subscription Undertaking in question has been made and carry out the procedures required by the 
account operator for amending or cancelling a Subscription Undertaking (such procedures may differ 
between different account operators). This may result in costs and fees charged by the account operator 
through which the Subscription Undertaking is submitted.  
Legal Effect of Subscription Undertakings  
An investor must ensure that all information contained in the Subscription Undertaking is correct, 
complete and legible. The Company reserves the right to reject any Subscription Undertakings, which 
are incomplete, incorrect, unclear or illegible, or which have not been completed and submitted during 
the Offering Period in accordance with all requirements set out in these terms and conditions. 
By submitting a Subscription Undertaking, every investor:  
(i) 
accepts the terms and conditions of the Offering set out in this Section and elsewhere in 
this Prospectus and agrees with the Company that such terms will be applicable to the 
investor’s acquisition of any Bonds;  
(ii) 
confirms that it/he/she has read the Terms of the Bonds and that the Terms of the Bonds 
are fully understandable and acceptable to it/him/her;  
(iii) 
accepts that the number of the Bonds indicated by the investor in the Subscription 
Undertaking will be regarded as the maximum number of the Bonds which the investor 
wishes to acquire (the Maximum Amount) and that the investor may receive less (but not 
more) Bonds than the Maximum Amount subscribed for (please see Section “Distribution 
and Allocation”); 
(iv) 
undertakes to acquire and pay for any number of Bonds allocated to them in accordance 
with these terms and conditions, up to the Maximum Amount;

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
(v) 
authorises and instructs the account operator through which the Subscription Undertaking 
is submitted to arrange the settlement of the transaction on their behalf (taking such steps 
as are legally required to do so) and to forward the necessary information to the extent 
necessary for the completion of the transaction; 
(vi) 
authorises the account operator through which the Subscription Undertaking is submitted, 
and Nasdaq CSD, to amend the information contained in the Subscription Undertaking to 
(a) specify the value date of the transaction, (b) specify the number of Bonds to be 
purchased by the investor and the total amount of the transaction, up to the Maximum 
Amount times the Offer Price; (c) correct or clarify obvious mistakes or irregularities in the 
Subscription Undertakings, if any; 
(vii) 
authorises the Company and Nasdaq CSD to process its personal data and information in 
the Subscription Undertaking during the Subscription Period and/or after the Subscription 
Period where necessary to participate in the Offering, to accept or reject the Subscription 
Undertaking and to fulfil the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds and the Company’s 
obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds; 
(viii) 
acknowledges that the Retail Offering does not constitute an offer (in Estonian: pakkumus) 
of the Bonds by the Company in legal terms or otherwise, and that the submission of a 
Subscription Undertaking does not constitute the acceptance of an offer, and therefore 
does not in itself entitle the investor to acquire the Bonds, nor result in a contract for the 
sale of the Bonds between the Company and the investor. 
4.6. Payment 
By submitting a Subscription Undertaking, an investor authorises and instructs the institution operating 
the investor’s cash account connected to its/his/her securities account (which may or may not also be 
the investor’s account operator) to immediately block the whole transaction amount on the investor’s 
cash account until the settlement is completed or funds are released in accordance with these terms 
and conditions. The transaction amount to be blocked will be equal to the Offer Price multiplied by the 
Maximum Amount. An investor may submit a Subscription Undertaking only when there are sufficient 
funds on the cash account connected to its/his/her Nasdaq CSD securities account or its/his/her 
securities account to cover the whole transaction amount for that particular Subscription Undertaking. 
4.7. Distribution and Allocation 
The Company will decide on the allocation of the Offer Bonds after the expiry of the Offering Period of 
the respective series of Bonds. The Bonds will be allocated to the investors participating in the Offering 
in accordance with the following principles:  
(i) 
under the same circumstances, all investors shall be treated equally, whereas dependent 
on the number of investors and interest towards the Offering, the Company may set 
minimum and maximum number of the Bonds allocated to one investor;  
(ii) 
the Company shall be entitled to use different allocation principles between the groups of 
retail investors and institutional investors; 
(iii) 
the Company shall be entitled to use different allocation principles in groups of investors 
tiered based on the size of the Subscription Undertaking;  
(iv) 
the allocation shall be aimed to create a solid and reliable investor base for the Company; 
(v) 
the Company shall be entitled to prefer Estonian investors to foreign investors who may 
participate in the Institutional Offering;

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
(vi) 
the Company shall be entitled to prefer its existing shareholders and bondholders of the 
Company to other investors; and 
(vii) 
the Company shall be entitled to prefer the clients of the Company to other investors 
whereas preference may be given only to certain groups of clients. 
The list of existing shareholders, bondholders and clients of the Company shall be fixed as at the end 
of the business day immediately preceding the day of announcement of the public offering of the 
relevant series of Bonds. 
The results of the allocation process of the Offering will be announced through the information system 
of 
the 
Nasdaq 
Tallinn 
Stock 
Exchange 
and 
through 
the 
Company’s 
website 
https://inbank.eu/investors/news. The Company plans to announce the results of allocation of each 
series of the Bonds within three business days after the end of the Offering Period, but in any case, 
before the Bonds are transferred to the investors’ securities accounts. Therefore, dealing with the Bonds 
on Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange shall not begin before the results of the allocation have been 
announced. 
4.8. Settlement and Trading 
The Bonds allocated to investors will be transferred to their securities accounts on or about the 
settlement date provided in the Final Terms of the Bonds through the “delivery versus payment” method 
simultaneously with the transfer of payment for such Bonds. The title to the Bonds will pass to the 
relevant investors when the Bonds are transferred to their securities accounts. If an investor has 
submitted several Subscription Undertakings through several securities accounts, the Bonds allocated 
to such investor will be transferred to all such securities accounts proportionally to the number of the 
Bonds indicated in the Subscription Undertakings submitted for each account, rounded up or down as 
necessary. Trading with the Bonds is expected to commence on the Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq 
Tallinn Stock Exchange on or about the date noted as such in the Final Terms of the Bonds. 
4.9. Return of Funds 
If the Offering or a part thereof is cancelled in accordance with the terms and conditions described in 
this Prospectus, if the investor’s Subscription Undertaking is rejected or if the allocation is less than the 
amount of Bonds applied for, the funds blocked on the investor’s cash account, or the excess part 
thereof (the amount in excess of payment for the allocated Bonds), will be released by the respective 
financial institution. Regardless of the reason for which funds are released, the Company shall never 
be liable for the release of the respective funds and for the payment of interest on the released funds 
for the time they were blocked (if any). 
4.10. 
Cancellation of Offering 
The Company has the right to cancel the Offering in full or in part in its sole discretion, at any time until 
the end of the Offering Period. In particular, the Company may decide to cancel the Offering in the part 
not subscribed for. Any cancellation of the Offering will be announced through the information system 
of 
the 
Nasdaq 
Tallinn 
Stock 
Exchange 
and 
through 
the 
Company’s 
website 
https://inbank.eu/investors/news. All rights and obligations of the parties in relation to the cancelled part 
of the Offering will be considered terminated as of the moment when such announcement is made 
public.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
4.11. 
Conflicts of Interests 
According to the knowledge of the Management, there are no personal interests of the persons involved 
in the Offering material to the Offering. The Management is unaware of any conflicts of interests related 
to the Offering.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
5. 
REASONS FOR OFFERING AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
The primary purpose of the Offering is to strengthen the capital structure of the Group to retain a strong 
capital base in light of a growing risk weighted asset base. The proceeds from the Offering will be 
entirely used for strengthening the Tier 2 regulative capital base. Conservative capital buffers are 
needed in advance to support the general corporate purposes, further growth, strengthen the market 
position of the Group, finance launch of new products and increase the business volumes of the Group. 
During the first nine months of 2023 the risk weighted assets of the Company have increased by nearly 
17% from EUR 767 million to EUR 895 million. Under the EU legislation applicable to credit institutions 
the increase in risk weighted assets needs to be covered by regulative capital. 
There is no specific project that would be financed from the proceeds of the Offering. 
The Company is looking to engage additional capital in the amount of up to EUR 20 million with the 
Offering. The total amount of costs related to the Offering is estimated to be up to EUR 100,000 which 
will be deducted from the proceeds of the Offering before using the proceeds as described in this 
Section. The net proceeds of the Offering would therefore be estimated to amount to EUR 19.9 million.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
6. 
GENERAL CORPORATE INFORMATION AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
6.1. General Corporate Information 
The business name of the Company is AS Inbank. The Company was registered in the Estonian 
Commercial Register on 5 October 2010 under the register code 12001988 and its legal entity identifier 
(LEI) code is 2138005M92IEIQVEL297. The Company has been established and is currently operating 
under the laws of the Republic of Estonia in the form of a public limited company (in Estonian: aktsiaselts 
or AS) and is established for an indefinite term. 
The contact details of the Company are the following: 
Address: Niine tn 11, Tallinn 10414, Estonia 
Phone: +372 640 8080 
Fax: +372 640 8081  
E-mail: info@inbank.ee 
Website: https://www.inbank.eu      
The information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. 
According to the latest available annual report of the Company, i.e. the annual report for the financial 
year ended on 31 December 2022, the field of activity of the Company was "credit institutions (banks)" 
(EMTAK12  64191).  
 
 
 
12 EMTAK (the Estonian Classification of Economic Activities) is the basis for determining the fields of activity of Estonian 
companies. EMTAK is the national version of the international harmonised NACE classification. As of 1 January 2007, the 
Estonian companies are, instead of providing their fields of activity in the Articles of Association, required to report them in their 
annual reports using EMTAK classification.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
7. 
SHARE CAPITAL, SHARES AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE  
7.1. Share Capital and Shares 
The current registered and fully paid-in share capital of the Company is EUR 1,086,415.4, which is 
divided into 10,864,154 ordinary shares of the Company (the Shares) with the nominal value of 
EUR 0.10. The Shares are registered in the Estonian securities register (the ERS) under ISIN code 
EE3100109232. The Shares are not admitted to trading on any regulated market. The Company does 
not have any shares that would not have been fully paid up. 
Under the Estonian Commercial Code the main rights afforded to holders of ordinary shares are the 
right to participate in the general meeting of shareholders and in the distribution of profits and, upon 
dissolution, of the remaining assets of the public limited company, as well as other rights provided by 
law or prescribed by the articles of association. 
For information on the management and employees share option program, please see Section 7.3 
“Management and Key Employees Share Option Program”. 
7.2. Shareholders of Company 
As at 22 November 2023, the Shareholders holding directly over 5% of all Shares in the Company are 
the following: 
Name of Shareholder 
Number of Shares 
Proportion 
Cofi Investeeringud OÜ 
2,725,000 
25.08% 
Luciano Orsero 
999,178 
9.20% 
Roberto de Silvestri 
911,036 
8.39% 
Andrea Agostinone 
847,019 
7.80% 
Elio Tomaso Giovanni Cravero 
819,919 
7.55% 
Patrizia Salice 
549,629 
5.06% 
 
There are no persons who have an indirect qualifying holding in the Company. 
In addition to the Management Board and Supervisory Board members, including the founders of the 
Company (Mr Jan Andresoo and Mr Priit Põldoja), and their related persons (please see section 8.7 for 
detailed information), the Company is owned by a number of foreign investors, of whom no one has an 
indirect qualifying holding in the Company. 
The Company is as at the date of this Prospectus not aware of any person, directly or indirectly, 
controlling the Company or of any arrangements or circumstances, which may at a subsequent date 
result in a change in control over the Company. 
There are no Shareholders’ Agreements between the shareholders of the Company. 
7.3. Management and Key Employees’ Share Option Program 
In order to successfully carry out its expansion plans and implement its growth strategy, the Company’s 
Supervisory Board has decided to implement a share option programme for a period of 2021-2023 
addressing a larger number of the Company’s senior and key individuals (approximately 50 individuals). 
The options have been issued as follows: 
● 
total number of options issued in 2021 still in force – 107,600; 
● 
period for issuing of options and signing of option agreements – April and October 2021;  
● 
issue price per option – options were issued for free;

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
● 
strike price per option (price for which shares of the Company would be purchased) – 
EUR 12.50 per share; 
● 
time when options can be exercised – starting three years from the date of the issue of the 
option and during two months thereafter; 
● 
condition of the right to exercise an option is continued employment/service agreement with the 
Company or its subsidiary at the date of exercise; 
● 
specific terms and conditions for exercise of options would be determined by the Management 
Board of the Company and should comply with the terms and conditions of the Option 
Programme. 
On 16 September 2021 the Company’s Supervisory Board decided to issue 20,000 additional share 
options to the Head of the Czech business unit under the following terms: 
● 
total number of options issued in October 2021 – 20,000; 
● 
issue price per option – options were issued for free; 
● 
strike price per option (price for which shares of the Company would be purchased) – 
EUR 15.50 per share; 
● 
time when options can be exercised – starting three years from the date of the issue of the 
option and during two months thereafter; 
● 
condition of the right to exercise an option is continued employment/service agreement with the 
Company or its subsidiary at the date of exercise; 
● 
specific terms and conditions for exercise of options would be determined by the Management 
Board of the Company and should comply with the terms and conditions of the Option 
Programme. 
The share options programme continued in 2022 and 2023 under the following terms: 
● 
total number of options issued in 2022-2023 – 197,500;  
● 
period for issuing of options and signing of option agreements – April and August 2022, April 
and September 2023;  
● 
issue price per option – options were issued for free;  
● 
strike price per option (price for which shares of the Company would be purchased) – 
EUR 20.00 per share; 
● 
time when options can be exercised – starting three years from the date of the issue of the 
option and during two months thereafter; 
● 
condition of the right to exercise an option is continued employment/service agreement with the 
Company or its subsidiary at the date of exercise; 
● 
specific terms and conditions for exercise of options would be determined by the Management 
Board of the Company and should comply with the terms and conditions of the Option 
Programme. 
Additionally, the shareholders of the Company have decided to create a separate options programme 
for the top management of the Company. This programme consists of two parts: 
1) time vested share option programme with the size of up to 130,000 share options with a strike 
price of EUR 15.50 per Share; and 
2) the share award option programme with the size of up to 250,000 share options with a strike 
price of EUR 1 per Share. 
Under this programme options have been issued as follows: 
● 
total number of time vested share options issued – 124,000;  
● 
period for issuing of options and signing of option agreements – starting November 2022;

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
● 
issue price per option – options were issued for free;  
● 
strike price per option (price for which shares of the Company would be purchased) – 
EUR 15.50 per share; 
● 
time when options can be exercised – starting three years from the date of the issue of the 
option;      
● 
condition of the right to exercise an option is continued employment/service agreement with the 
Company or its subsidiary at the date of exercise; 
● 
specific terms and conditions for exercise of options have been determined in the terms and 
conditions of the Option Programme; 
● 
total number of share award share options issued – 237,500;  
● 
period for issuing of options and signing of option agreements – starting December 2022;  
● 
issue price per option – options were issued for free;  
● 
strike price per option (price for which shares of the Company would be purchased) – EUR 1 
per share; 
● 
time when options can be exercised – starting three years from the date of the issue of the 
option;      
● 
condition of the right to exercise an option is continued employment/service agreement with the 
Company or its subsidiary at the date of exercise; 
● 
specific terms and conditions for exercise of options have been determined in the terms and 
conditions of the Option Programme. 
By the date of this Prospectus, the Company has granted options altogether to 686,600 shares.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
8. 
MANAGEMENT 
8.1. Management Structure 
The Company has a three-layer management. The Management Board is responsible for the day-to-
day management of the Company and each of its members is eligible to represent the Company in 
keeping with the law and the Articles of Association. The Supervisory Board of the Company is 
responsible for the strategic planning of the activities of the Company and for supervising the activities 
of the Management Board. The highest governing body of the Company is the general meeting of 
shareholders. 
The address of operations of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board is Niine 11, 10414 
Tallinn, Estonia (the registered address of the Company). 
8.2. Management Board 
Role. The Management Board of the Company is responsible for the day-to-day management of the 
Company's operations, representing the Company and for organising its accounting. Further, according 
to the Estonian Commercial Code, it is the obligation of the Management Board to draft the annual 
reports and submit the reports to the Supervisory Board for review and to the General Meeting for 
approval. The Management Board is accountable to the Supervisory Board and must adhere to its 
lawful instructions.  
Duties. The Management Board must present an overview of the economic activities and economic 
situation of the Company to the Supervisory Board at least once every three months and is under the 
obligation to give immediate notice of any material deterioration of the economic condition of the 
Company or of any other material circumstances related to its operations. If the Company is insolvent 
and the insolvency, due to the Company's financial situation, is not temporary, the Management Board 
must immediately submit a voluntary bankruptcy petition in respect of the Company. 
The Management Board may only enter into transactions that lie outside the Company's ordinary scope 
of business with the consent of the Supervisory Board.  
Further, according to the Commercial Code, it is the obligation of the Management Board to coordinate 
preparation of the annual reports and submit the reports to the Supervisory Board for review and to the 
General Meeting of shareholders for approval. The Management Board is accountable to the 
Supervisory Board and must adhere to its lawful instructions and to the strategy of the Company 
approved by the Supervisory Board. 
Members of the Management Board. The Supervisory Board has appointed eight members to the 
Management Board – Mr Priit Põldoja (Chairman of the Management Board, the authorities remain 
valid until 12 April 2024), Ms Piret Paulus (the authorities remain valid until 1 November 2025), Mr 
Marko Varik (the authorities remain valid until 17 March 2024), Mr Maciej Jerzy Pieczkowski (the 
authorities remain valid until 19 October 2026), Mr Margus Kastein (the authorities remain valid until 19 
October 2026), Mr Ivar Kurvits (the authorities remain valid until 16 March 2025), Mr Erik Kaju (the 
authorities remain valid until 1 November 2025) and Ms Evelin Lindvers (the authorities remain valid 
until 7 August 2026). 
Mr Priit Põldoja. Mr Põldoja is a chairman of the Management Board of the Company who is responsible 
for the strategic management of the company and implementation of the short- and long-term plans. 
Mr Põldoja was born in 1969. Mr Põldoja was awarded a bachelor’s degree in Business and Finance 
from the University Mount Saint Mary’s College in 1994. Between 1995 and 1996 he worked for the 
Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, between 1996 and 1997 for Tallinna Panga Liisingu AS, between 1997 and 1998 
for AS Tallinna Pank, between 1998 and 2000 for Hansabank Markets, between 2000 and 2006 for

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Hansapank AS and between 2008 and 2009 for Alta Capital Partners. Mr Põldoja is additionally a 
chairman of the Supervisory Board of AS Inbank Finance and Paywerk AS, member of the Supervisory 
Board of Inbank Rent AS, AS SmartCap and Aus Design OÜ, and member of the Management Board 
of Cofi Investeeringud OÜ, Lamu Investeeringud OÜ and Eesti Pangaliit. 
Mr Marko Varik. Mr Varik is the CFO of the Company, responsible for financial management in the 
Company. Mr Varik was born in 1984. Mr Varik was awarded a bachelor’s degree in Mathematical 
Statistics      from the University of Tartu in 2009. Between 2005 and 2006 he worked for AS Lõhmus, 
Haavel ja Viiseman, between 2006 and 2007 for Orthoclear Inc. and between 2007 and 2010 for 
Swedbank AS. Within the Group, in addition to holding the position of member of the Management 
Board of the Company, Mr Varik is also a member of the Supervisory Board of AS Inbank Finance, AS 
Inbank Rent, Paywerk AS and Mobire Group OÜ and a member of the Management Board of Inbank 
Ventures OÜ. Additionally, Mr Varik is a member of the Management Board of Canyon Invest OÜ. 
Ms Piret Paulus. Ms Piret Paulus is the Head of Growth and Business Development in the Inbank 
Group. Ms Paulus was born in 1979. Ms Paulus studied Mathematical Statistics and Economics in the 
University of Tartu between 1998 and 2002 and was awarded with a bachelor’s degree in 
Communication Management in 2011 from the University of Tartu. Between 2004 and 2010 she worked 
for Swedbank AS, between 2011 and 2016 for Coop Finants AS. Within the Group, in addition to holding 
the position of member of the Management Board of the Company, Ms Paulus is also a member of the 
Management Board of AS Inbank Finance and AS Inbank Rent. Additionally, Ms Paulus is a member 
of the Management Board of Perlio Holding OÜ and MTÜ Finance Estonia.  
Mr Maciej Jerzy Pieczkowski. Mr Pieczkowski is Head of Central and Eastern Europe. Mr Pieczkowski 
is responsible for developing and implementing business strategy in Central and Eastern Europe. Mr 
Pieczkowski was born in 1974. Mr Pieczkowski was awarded a master’s degree in finance and 
Banking/Economy and PhD Studies/Economy from Cracow Academy of Economics. Between 2001 
and 2003 he worked for bank Pekao S.A. (UniCredit Group), between 2003 and 2007 for Xelion Doradcy 
Finansowi Sp.z.o.o. (UniCredit Group), between 2007 and 2008 Partnerzy Inwesycyjni Sp. Z.o.o, 
between 2009 and 2016 BPH S.A./GE Capital bank. 
Mr Margus Kastein. Mr Kastein is Head of Baltics. Mr Kastein is responsible for developing and 
implementing business strategy in Baltics. Mr Kastein was born in 1971. Mr Kastein was awarded a 
bachelor’s degree in economy from University of Tartu. Between 2000 and 2008 he worked for AS 
Ingman Jäätised, between 2008 and 2011 for AS Saku Õlletehas, between 2011 and 2016 as the CEO 
of AS Saku Õlletehas and AS Aldaris. Within the Group, in addition to holding the position of member 
of the Management Board of the Company, Mr Kastein is also a member of the Management Board of 
AS Inbank Finance and AS Inbank Rent and a chairman of Supervisory Board of Mobire Group OÜ. Mr 
Kastein is additionally a member of the Management Board of MTÜ Tärkma Sadama Selts and MTÜ 
Parim Enne and a chairman of the Supervisory Board of Sihtasutus Hiiumaa Sadamad. 
Mr Ivar Kurvits. Mr Kurvits is Chief of Staff in the Inbank Group, responsible for HR, legal and brand 
and communications units of the Company. Mr Kurvits was born in 1981. Mr Kurvits was awarded a 
bachelor’s degree in law from University of Tartu in 2005 and a master’s degree in law from University 
of Edinburgh in 2007. Between 2005 and 2009 he worked for Advokaadibüroo Sorainen OÜ and 
between 2010 and 2015 for Eesti Energia AS. Within the Group, in addition to holding the position of 
member of the Management Board of the Company, Mr Kurvits is also a member of the Management 
Board of Inbank Payments OÜ and a member of the Supervisory Board of AS Inbank Finance, AS 
Inbank Rent and Mobire Group OÜ. Additionally, Mr Kurvits is a member of the Management Board of 
Kurvits Holdings OÜ and Kurvits Investments OÜ. 
Mr Erik Kaju. Mr Kaju is Chief Product and Technology Officer in Inbank Group. Mr Kaju was born in 
1990. Mr Kaju was awarded a bachelor’s degree in information technology systems development from

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Estonian Information Technology College in 2013 and a master’s degree in computer systems from 
Tallinn University of Technology in 2015. Between 2010 and 2011 he worked for Proekspert AS, 
between 2012 and 2014 for Knowit Estonia OÜ and Knowit Net Result and between 2014 and 2022 for 
Wise plc. In addition, Mr Kaju is a member of the Management Board of OÜ E2B, OÜ E2Speed, 
Vikerlase Ärimaja OÜ and Embedded Finance Platform Syndicate OÜ.   
Ms Evelin Lindvers. Ms Lindvers is Head of Risk Control, responsible for management of Inbank 
Group’s risk control area and compliance. Ms Lindvers was born in 1978. Ms Lindvers was awarded a 
bachelor’s degree of International Business Administration from Estonian Business School in 2008. 
Between 1997 and 2008 she worked for AS Hansapank (Swedbank AS) and between 2008 and 2021 
for AS PricewaterhouseCoopers. In addition, she is a member of the Management Board of Evelist OÜ.  
8.3. Supervisory Board  
Role. In accordance with the Commercial Code, the Supervisory Board is responsible for the strategic 
planning of the business activities of the Company and supervising the activities of the Management 
Board. The Supervisory Board is elected by and accountable to the shareholders of the Company 
(acting in the form of the General Meeting). 
Duties. In accordance with the Commercial Code, before the ordinary General Meeting of shareholders 
is held, the Supervisory Board must review the annual report and provide the General Meeting of 
shareholders with a written report on the annual report, indicating whether the Supervisory Board 
approves the report and also provide information on how the Supervisory Board has organised the 
supervision of the activities of the Company during the year. The tasks and responsibilities of the 
Supervisory Board are further regulated in the Articles of Association of the Company.  
Members of the Supervisory Board. According to the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board 
consists of five to seven members who are appointed by the General Meeting of shareholders for a 
period of three years. The members of the Supervisory Board elect among themselves a Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board who is responsible for organising the activities of the Supervisory Board. The 
roles of each member of the Supervisory Board are not specified within the Company and the 
Supervisory Board members perform their duties as Supervisory Board members in accordance with 
the Articles of Association and applicable legislation. According to the Articles of Association, meetings 
of the Supervisory Board are held according to the actual necessity, but at least once per three months. 
A meeting of the Supervisory Board has a quorum if more than one half of the members of the 
Supervisory Board participate and a resolution of the Supervisory Board is adopted if more than one 
half of the members of the Supervisory Board who participate in the meeting vote in favour. A member 
of the Supervisory Board may participate via electronic means. In case of a tied vote, the Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board has a casting vote. As at the date of this Prospectus there are seven members 
in the Supervisory Board - Mr Jan Andresoo (the Chairman of the Supervisory Board), Ms Triinu 
Bucheton, Mr Raino Paron, Mr Rain Rannu, Mr Roberto De Silvestri, Mr Taavi Kotka and Mr Erkki 
Raasuke. The authorities of all the above-mentioned persons as the members of the Supervisory Board 
will remain valid until 31 March 2024 except for Mr Erkki Raasuke, whose authorities will remain valid 
until 1 April 2026.  
Mr Jan Andresoo. Mr Andresoo is the chairman of the Supervisory Board. Mr Andresoo was born in 
1975. Mr Andresoo was awarded a bachelor’s degree in international business administration in 1998 
and a master’s degree in international business administration in 2002 from the Estonian Business 
School. Between 1996 and 1998 he worked for Hansapanga Kindlustuse AS, between 1998 and 1999 
for EstIB-Talinvest Varahaldus AS, between 1999 and 2004 for EBS Juhtimiskoolituse Keskus OÜ, 
between 2004 and 2006 for Estonian Business School and between 2009 and 2010 for Swedbank AS. 
In addition to holding the position of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Company, Mr 
Andresoo is additionally a member of the Management Board of Paywerk AS.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Mrs Triinu Bucheton. Ms Bucheton was born in 1985. Ms Bucheton was awarded in 2006 a bachelor’s 
degree in social sciences (Law) and in 2009 a master’s degree in law from the University of Tartu. In 
addition, Ms Bucheton has been awarded in 2013 a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree 
from the Estonian Business School. Between 2006 and 2009 she worked for Ernst & Young Baltic AS 
and from 2009 to 2012 for Raidla Lejins & Norcous Advokaadibüroo OÜ (currently Ellex Raidla 
Advokaadibüroo OÜ). Since 2012 she has been working for Colonna Varahaldus OÜ. Ms Bucheton is 
additionally a member of the Management Board of a number of Estonian holding companies managing 
real estate and other investments, and a member of the Supervisory Board of Stell Eesti AS and 
Sihtasutus Colonna Heategevusfond.  
Mr Raino Paron. Mr Paron was born in 1965. Mr Paron was awarded a BA degree in Law (equal to MA 
degree) from the Tartu University in 1993 and an LL.M from Georgetown University, USA in 1992. 
Between 1993 and 1995 he worked in the legal department of the World Bank and the IMF. Since 1995 
he has been working in law firm Osaühing Advokaadibüroo Raidla & Partnerid (currently Ellex Raidla 
Advokaadibüroo OÜ) as the head of the banking and financing practice group. Mr Paron is also a 
member of the Management Board of MTÜ FinanceEstonia and a member of the Supervisory Board of 
AS Tallink Grupp and Paywerk AS. Mr Paron is also Chairman of the Arbitration Council of the 
Arbitration Court of Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange. 
Mr Rain Rannu. Mr Rannu was born in 1980. Mr Rannu was awarded in 2002 a bachelor’s degree in 
public administration and in 2007 a master’s degree in Business and Technology Management from 
the University of Tartu. He is a co-founder and partner at investment firm Mobi Solutions since 2001 
and was founder of mobile payments startup Fortumo since 2007, where he also served as a CEO 
between 2007 and 2015. Fortumo was acquired by Boku Inc. in 2020. Mr Rannu is also a co-founder 
of Garage 48 Foundation and member of the Supervisory Board of Sihtasutus Garage48 and Registat 
Pension AS. Mr Rannu is a founding partner at Superangel and a management board member of 
Superangels OÜ and Superange1 GP OÜ, which are focused on making investments into start-up 
companies as well as management board member of Alarahastatud OÜ, Tallifornia OÜ, Tallifornia 
Erotstarbeline Kratt OÜ,      Tallifornia Eriotstarbeline Massiivne Tellis OÜ and several other subsidiaries 
of Tallifornia OÜ. 
Mr Roberto de Silvestri. Mr de Silvestri was born in 1977. Mr Silvestri was awarded a Law degree in 
2002 from the Universita di Giurisprudenza di Genoa and a degree in Asset Management in 2003 from 
the SDA Bocconi in Milan. Between 2003 and 2005 he worked for Finter Bank Zurich, between 2005 
and 2009 for Finavest Monaco SAM. Between 2009 and 2017 Mr de Silvestri was working for G&G 
Private Finance SAM. Since 2017 Mr. de Silvestri has been working for CGM Monaco SAM. Mr Silvestri 
is also a member of the Management Board of a number of Estonian holding companies managing real 
estate and other investments, and a member of the Supervisory Board of Sihtasutus Colonna 
Heategevusfond. In addition, Mr. de Silvestri is a member of the Management Board of CGM Monaco 
SAM, Skanstes 12 Holding SIA, SCI Petite Maison 2013, SCI Cap d’Ail 2018, SCI Ile de France, Stabu 
10 Holding SIA and Latvia Portfolio SIA. 
Mr Taavi Kotka. Mr Kotka was born in 1979. Mr Kotka was awarded bachelor’s degree in information 
technologies from University of Tartu and master’s degree in e-governance technologies and services 
from Tallinn University of Technology. Between 1998 and 2000 he worked for AS Andmevara, between 
2000 and 2012 for AS Webmedia (today AS Nortal), between 2013 and 2017 for the Ministry of 
Economic Affairs and Communications. Mr Kotka is additionally a CEO of Jio research centre and 
Programmable Equity OÜ (Koos.io), a member of the Management Board of Proud Engineers OÜ, 
Programmable Equity OÜ, Proud Invest OÜ, Secure Consent OÜ and OÜ Syndicated Investments OÜ 
and a member of the Supervisory Board of Xolo OÜ.       
Mr Erkki Raasuke. Mr Raasuke was born in 1971. Mr Raasuke was awarded a bachelor’s degree in 
economics from Tallinn University of Technology in 1994. Between 1994 and 2005 he worked for

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Hansapank, between 2005 and 2011 for the Swedbank group. Mr Raasuke was a chairman of the 
Supervisory Board of Estonian Air AS between 2012 and 2013 and a chairman of the Supervisory Board 
of Eesti Energia AS between 2014 and 2017. Between 2013 and 2016, he was the CEO of LHV group. 
Between 2017 and 2021 he worked in the management of Luminor Bank AS, being the CEO starting 
from 2019. From 2021, Mr Raasuke is the CFO and member of the Management Board of OÜ Skeleton 
Technologies Group. Additionally, he is a member of the Supervisory Boards of Enefit Green AS and 
Apollo Group OÜ.  
8.4. Audit Committee 
Role and Duties. The Audit Committee is an advisory body to the Supervisory Board. The Audit 
Committee has been established to supervise the activities of the Management Board. The functions 
of the Audit Committee are as follows: (i) Audit committee appoints the members of internal audit unit, 
performs annual appraisals for head of internal audit; (ii) Audit Committee approves the annual audit 
plan for internal audit unit and controls fulfilment of this plan; (iii) Audit Committee meets at least once 
a quarter. The internal audit unit reports to the Audit Committee regarding results of internal audits 
performed, on status of recommendations and provides the overview of risks and controls. In case of 
high-risk cases, the internal audit unit informs the Audit Committee immediately; (iv) Audit Committee 
appoints the external audit provider and once a year receives the report from external audit regarding 
the financial statements and consolidated reports.  
Members of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee of the Company currently has four members. 
The members of the Audit Committee are elected for a term of 3 years by the Supervisory Board. 
Currently, the Audit Committee consists of Mr Erkki Raasuke (chairman), Mr Raino Paron, Mr Jan 
Andresoo and Ms Triinu Bucheton. 
8.5. Remuneration Committee  
Role and Duties. The Remuneration Committee is a corporate governance body formed by the 
Supervisory Board. The Remuneration Committee is formed for the purpose of assessing the principles 
of remuneration applied within the Company, developing a remuneration strategy for the members of 
the Management Board as well as for exercising supervision over the compliance with the applicable 
legal requirements in respect of risk management and capital adequacy.  
Members of the Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee comprises of three members. 
The members of the Remuneration Committee are elected for a term of 3 years by the Supervisory 
Board. Currently the members of the Remuneration Committee are Mr Jan Andresoo (chairman), Mr 
Roberto de Silvestri and Mr Rain Rannu. 
8.6. Remuneration and Benefits 
In remunerating its personnel, the Company’s decisions are based on the principles arising from the 
Credit Institutions Act and Company’s recruitment and remuneration policy. The principles for 
remunerating personnel stimulate sustainable growth and customer satisfaction, and are relying on 
trustworthy and effective risk management. In remuneration, the Company considers its employees’ 
personal contribution and job performance as well as the Company’s economic results. 
The structure of employee remuneration consists of two parts: 
- 
basic salary (fixed); 
- 
performance pay (decided separately for each employee). 
Basic salary and performance pay are in reasonable balance and the basic salary makes up a 
sufficiently high share of total remuneration so to enable non-payment of the bonus if needed. The basis

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
for determining performance pay is a combination of the results by employees and the unit and 
Company’s overall results.  
Outside consultants are not involved in determining remuneration principles. 
The Company follows the provisions of the Credit Institutions Act in determining severance pay. No 
severance pay was paid in 2022. 
The total amount of remuneration and benefits paid to the members of the supervisory and management 
bodies of the Company during the financial year 2021 was EUR 1,189,000 (including applicable taxes) 
and for financial year 2022 this was EUR 1,036,000 (including applicable taxes). In addition to monetary 
remuneration, several members of the management bodies have been issued share options described 
in detail in Section 7.3 "Management and Key Employees Share Option Program".  
The Company has chosen not to disclose the amounts of remuneration and benefits of each single 
member of the supervisory and management bodies of the Group companies in order to protect the 
privacy and personal rights of the relevant persons. 
8.7. Share Ownership 
The Management Board members and their related persons held Shares and options as of 
22 November 2023 as follows: 
Management Board Member 
Number of Shares 
Share Options 
  
Held by Member 
Held by Related Persons13 
  
Priit Põldoja 
 39,948 
1,268,75014 
 
45,000 
Maciej Pieczkowski 
 69,889 
0 
43,500 
Margus Kastein 
18,978 
3,77915 
42,500 
Marko Varik 
20,000 
108,19916 
43,500 
Piret Paulus 
20,000 
133,30017 
28,500 
Ivar Kurvits 
1 
70,28518 
43,500 
Erik Kaju 
0 
93119 
50,000 
Evelin Lindvers 
0 
25020 
20,000 
The Supervisory Board members and their related persons held Shares and options as of 22 November 
2023 as follows: 
 
 
 
13 Related persons include companies the shares of which are owned by the Management Board member, whereas the same 
percentage of the shares held by the related person in the Company is taken into account as is held by the Management Board 
member in the related person. 
14 Lamu Investeeringud OÜ, Cofi Investeeringud OÜ. 
15 Goldbaum OÜ. 
16 Teeny OÜ, Canyon Invest OÜ. 
17 Perlio Holding OÜ. 
18 Kurvits Holdings OÜ, Kurvits Investments OÜ. 
19 Embedded Finance Platform Syndicate OÜ, OÜ E2B. 
20 Evelist OÜ.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Supervisory Board Member 
Number of Shares 
Share Options 
  
Held by Member 
Held by Related Persons21 
  
Jan Andresoo 
25,000 
1,116,33722 
27,500 
Rain Rannu 
18,000 
90,12223 
3,000 
Raino Paron 
10,000 
730,67524 
13,000 
Roberto de Silvestri 
911,036 
0 
13,000 
Taavi Kotka 
0 
6,50025 
5,000 
Triinu Bucheton 
 0 
50,17926 
0 
Erkki Raasuke 
5,000 
0 
4,000 
 
8.8.      Conflicts of Interests 
According to the knowledge of the Management, there are no known actual or potential conflicts of 
interest between the duties of any of the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board 
to the Company or to any Group company, and their private interests or other duties. 
8.9. Statement of Compliance with Corporate Governance 
The Company complies with the corporate governance regime of the Republic of Estonia. The Company 
adheres to the Good Corporate Governance Code as approved by the EFSA. The Good Corporate 
Governance Code is intended mostly for publicly listed companies and is designed for companies with 
a wide ownership. The Company has thus adapted the Good Corporate Governance Code to its own 
specifics.  
The Good Corporate Governance Code is binding on the basis of "comply or explain principle". The 
requirements, which are currently not fully followed by the Company have been described in the latest 
Good Corporate Governance Report made available in the audited consolidated financial statements 
of the Group for the year ended on 31 December 2022. 
8.10. 
Statutory Auditors 
According to the Articles of Association, the General Meeting of shareholders appoints an external 
auditor for up to five years. The General Meeting of shareholders held on 30 March 2021 appointed 
Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers (registry code 10142876; having its registered address at 
Tatari 1,10116 Tallinn, Estonia) to act as the statutory auditor of the Group for the financial years 2021–
2023. Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers has also previously been appointed as the statutory auditor 
of the Group for the financial years 2017-2020. Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of 
the Estonian Auditors’ Association. 
The Audited Financial Statements have also been audited by sworn auditor Lauri Past (sworn auditor 
number 567) from the audit company Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers. 
 
 
 
21 Related persons include companies the shares of which are owned by the Supervisory Board member, whereas the same 
percentage of the shares held by the related person in the Company is taken into account as is held by the Supervisory Board 
member in the related person. 
22 OÜ JP Consult, Cofi Investeeringud OÜ. 
23 Good Times Company OÜ. 
24 OÜ PPG-Invest, KRM Varad OÜ, Cofi Investeeringud OÜ. 
25 Secure Consent OÜ. 
26 Quinn OÜ.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
9. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
9.1. History and Development of Group  
The Group’s history goes back to 2010, the year in which a hire-purchase financing provider Cofi AS 
was founded. From the outset, the Company evolved out of the idea that banking should be local and 
product-based and that success hinges on having a precise focus. The Company was originally 
established by Mr Priit Põldoja and Mr Jan Andresoo who both are continuously actively contributing to 
the management of the Company as the Chairman of the Management Board and as the Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board.  
The Company launched their first hire-purchase product in 2011. Only three years later, the Company 
assessed itself to be a probable market leader in consumer financing in this field. As hire-purchase was 
ideal for implementing a technology- and partner-based business model, the Company has thereafter 
broadened its partner-based cooperation model. 
In late 2011, in cooperation with ETK, the Estonian consumers’ cooperative (now known as Coop), the 
Company introduced Säästukaart Pluss – the first payment/loyalty/credit card of its kind in Estonia.  
In 2014 the Company introduced a loan product – Target Loan (in Estonian: Sihtlaen) – in cooperation 
with Krediidipank AS (now Coop Pank AS).  
In 2014 the Company entered into its first foreign market – Latvia – by establishing Cofi Lizings (now 
known as Inbank Latvia). 
On 10 April 2015 the Company obtained a banking license and started operating under a business 
name AS Inbank. During the first campaign to collect deposits the Company collected EUR 11 million 
of deposits in three days. 
In the second half of 2015, the Company partnered with Sanoma Baltics AS to offer the auto24 car loan 
in Estonia. 
In September 2016, the Company became public by listing its subordinated bonds on Nasdaq Tallinn 
Stock Exchange. Similar subordinated bond listings on Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange took place also 
in December 2019 and December 2021. 
In the end of 2016, the Company entered into its second foreign market – Poland – by establishing a 
Polish branch. 
In the beginning of 2017, the Company and Coop purchased Krediidipank AS (now Coop Pank AS) and 
during 2017 the Company sold its shareholdings in Coop Finants AS and Krediidipank Finants AS to 
Krediidipank AS (now Coop Pank AS). As a result of those transactions, the Company acquired as a 
financial investment a 18% shareholding in Krediidipank AS (now Coop Pank AS).  
In January 2018, the Company sold its shareholding in Veriff OÜ - a video banking and video 
identification solution provider it had founded in 2015. 
In May 2018, the Company entered into its third foreign market – Lithuania – by acquiring 100% of 
Mokilizingas UAB (later transformed into Mokilizingas AB and in the end of 2019 ultimately to a branch 
of AS Inbank) which is a consumer finance provider in Lithuania.  
In December 2018, the Company issued an innovative hybrid instrument for Estonian investors, AT1 or 
Additional Tier 1 bond, in order to strengthen its capital structure and support fast growth. This bond 
has the features of both a subordinated loan as well as equity, but it is part of Tier 1 capital in the 
Company’s capital management. The Company was able to raise EUR 3.15 million of additional capital

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
with the successful issue. Similar AT1 bond issues also took place in November 2021 when EUR 4.5 
million was raised and in June 2023 when EUR 11.1 million was raised. 
In 2018 and 2019 the Company gradually decreased and liquidated its shareholding in Coop Pank AS. 
In November 2019, the Company established a branch in Lithuania and merged Mokilizingas AB’s 
assets into its Lithuania branch by Q1, 2020. Inbank continues its operations in Lithuania under the 
business name AS Inbank Filialas.  
In December 2019 Mokilizingas Latvian branch ceased activities in Latvia. 
In December 2019, the Company increased shareholding to 30% in Maksekeskus AS, the largest 
payment services providers in Estonia, also operating in Latvia and Lithuania. 
In May 2020, the Company launched Indivy – a sales finance and pay later platform. 
In July 2020, Aktiva Portfolio AS, where the Company held 34% of shares, was established for more 
efficient management of the debt portfolio of the Company. 
In October 2020, the Company launched its payment card and app InPay in Estonia. 
In December 2020, the Company signed an agreement to acquire 53% of the full-service vehicle lease 
in Mobire Group OÜ. The transaction was completed on 26 January 2021. The purpose of the 
transaction was to strengthen the Group’s position in the car financing market and enter an innovative 
subscription-based business model. In June 2023 the Company increased its stake in Mobire Group 
OÜ to 65.7%. 
In April 2021, the Company established Inbank Finance AS. As of 1 July 2021, the Estonian credit-
issuing business i.e. sales finance, car finance and personal loans were moved under Inbank Finance 
AS. However, both legal entities continue to operate under the “Inbank” brand. 
In September 2021, the Company acquired a 30% shareholding in Paywerk AS. Paywerk AS is a 
Payment Service Provider and multimarket Pay Later platform. Paywerk AS does not issue credit but 
creates an ecosystem that facilitates transactions between European e-merchants and financial 
institutions. 
In October 2021 the Company decided to establish a branch in the Czech Republic, which commenced 
credit provision operations in September 2022. 
In February 2022 Maksekeskus Holding OÜ (now Inbank Ventures OÜ), a subsidiary of the Company, 
entered into an agreement to sell its whole 30% holding in Maksekeskus AS to Luminor Bank AS. The 
transaction was completed on 1 July 2022. 
In August 2022 the Company established a new subsidiary in Poland - IBF Polska Sp. z.o.o. IBF Polska 
Sp. z.o.o. offers a claim purchase service that is also offered on the other markets by other group 
companies. A separate entity had to be established in Poland due to the regulatory requirements 
regarding the claim purchases by the banks. 
In March 2023 a subsidiary of the Company, Inbank Ventures OÜ established a 100% subsidiary AS 
Inbank Rent. AS Inbank Rent is operating a new business line for the Company’s partner network 
offering end customers a new modern way to own things - a subscription service for consumer goods 
for a monthly fee. Business operations started in September 2023.  
In June 2023 Inbank Ventures OÜ sold its share in Aktiva Portfolio AS, because this was not a strategic 
investment for the Company and a suitable price was offered for the shares.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
In November 2023, AS Inbank Rent established a 100% subsidiary Inbank Rent SIA in Latvia with the 
purpose to commence providing subscription services in Latvia commencing Q4 of 2023. 
The Group gathers deposits to finance the consumer financing business in Group companies. Deposits 
are offered in euro in Estonia, Lithuania, Germany, Austria and the Netherlands and in Polish zloty in 
Poland. All deposits the Group receives are guaranteed by the Deposit Guarantee Sectoral Fund up to 
the amount of 100 thousand euros.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
9.2. Group Structure, Group Companies and Affiliated Companies of the Company 
Group Structure: 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Group structure is the following: 
 
 
Group Companies: 
AS Inbank. AS Inbank (the Company) is the holding company of the Group. The Company is an 
Estonian licensed credit institution with a main focus of issuing consumer credit products and collecting 
deposits. Whereas the Lithuanian and Latvian credit portfolios are managed by Inbank branches, the 
Estonian and Latvian credit portfolios have been separated into fully owned subsidiaries. Inbank AS

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
remains responsible for the deposit collection, Inpay card product, investments and centralised 
functions covering all markets. 
Inbank Lithuania branch. Inbank Lithuania branch was established in November 2019. The main 
products of Inbank Lithuania branch are car loan, small loan, hire-purchase products and deposit 
collection.  
Inbank Poland branch. Inbank Poland branch was established in January 2017. The main products of 
Inbank Poland branch are hire-purchase, car loan, green energy loan and small loan products and 
collecting deposits. In 2019, a next generation sales financing solution e-POS in Poland was launched.  
Inbank Czechia branch. Inbank Czechia branch was established in December 2021. The branch gained 
permission to provide credit and deposit services in June 2022 and commenced credit provision 
services in September 2022. The main products of Inbank Czechia branch are car loan and hire-
purchase products.        
AS Inbank Finance. AS Inbank Finance was established in April 2021. AS Inbank Finance is issuing 
corporate loans and consumer credit products i.e. sales finance, car finance and personal loans in 
Estonia. The reason for the establishment of Inbank Finance AS was to unify the Inbank legal structure 
across all markets by separating the Estonian business from the Company’s in the same way it was 
already done in Latvia, Lithuania and Poland. Inbank Finance AS is the operating entity managing the 
credit portfolio in Estonia.  
Inbank Latvia SIA. Inbank Latvia SIA was established in 2014. The main products of Inbank Latvia SIA 
are car loan, small loan, hire-purchase products.  
Inbank Payments OÜ. Inbank Payments OÜ is a holding company which was established in September 
2019. As at the date of this Prospectus it does not have any material assets. 
Mobire Group OÜ. Mobire Group OÜ offers full-service car rental, meaning that during the rental period 
the company provides vehicle related services, which are included in the rental price. Mobire Group OÜ 
is active in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
Inbank Ventures OÜ. Inbank Ventures OÜ is a holding company that focuses on investments in the 
finance sector and related financial technology companies. Inbank Ventures OÜ has a 66% 
shareholding in Mobire Group OÜ, a 27.12% shareholding in Paywerk AS and a 100% shareholding in 
AS Inbank Rent. Inbank Ventures OÜ also provides hardware rental to other Group companies.  
Paywerk AS. Paywerk AS is a Payment Service Provider and multimarket Pay Later platform. Paywerk 
AS does not issue credit but creates an ecosystem that facilitates transactions between European e-
merchants and financial institutions. 
AS Inbank Rent. AS Inbank Rent operates a new business line for the Company’s partner network 
offering end customers a new modern way to own things - a subscription service for consumer goods 
for a monthly fee. 
Inbank Rent SIA. Inbank Rent SIA is a 100% subsidiary of AS Inbank Rent established in Latvia with 
the aim to offer subscription services in Latvia. 
IBF Polska Sp. z.o.o. IBF Polska Sp. z.o.o. offers claim purchase services in Poland. 
Inbank AS is not dependent on any of its subsidiaries or associated companies, however hardware 
rental is provided to Inbank Group companies by Inbank Ventures OÜ.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
9.3. Business Lines 
Banking Services. The Group’s main business line is the banking services business line.      The Group’s 
activities are concentrated on certain markets and product lines – deposits, consumer loans, hire-
purchase, factoring, credit cards – where the Group has a strong technological advantage over 
competitors. The Group also has a number of strategic cooperation partnerships which enable the 
Group to sell its products by using the sale and marketing channels of those partners. The banking 
services business line can be further broken down into retail banking and corporate banking. The retail 
banking services are offered to private individuals, whereas the clients of the corporate banking services 
are small and medium-sized companies. The Group’s loan portfolio as at 30 September 2023 comprised 
of 99% of consumer lending and 1% of corporate lending. 
Subscription Services. The Group is also active in the subscription services business line, which in the 
Group is represented by Mobire Group OÜ and AS Inbank Rent. Mobire Group OÜ offers full-service 
car rental for both retail and corporate customers. In September 2023 AS Inbank Rent launched a new 
business line for the partner network offering end customers a subscription service meaning that the 
consumers can rent different goods (e.g. phones, watches, computers) for a monthly fee. 
Additionally, the group includes the investment business line, notably represented by Inbank Ventures 
OÜ active in holding company activities and providing hardware rental to the other Group companies. 
9.4.  Geographical Markets 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Group is operating in eight geographical markets, of which the 
three Baltic countries – Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, and Poland and Czechia are the most important. 
In Estonia, the Group is engaged in providing consumer financing and accepting public deposits. In 
Poland and Lithuania, the Group operates through local branches which offer consumer financing and 
accept public deposits. In Czechia, the Group operates through a local branch which offers consumer 
financing. In Latvia the Group operates through a Latvian subsidiary of the Company which offers 
consumer financing services. In addition to the above-mentioned geographical markets and business 
lines, the Group accepts public deposits from Raisin deposit platform from Germany, Austria and the 
Netherlands but does not conduct any consumer financing activities in those markets. 
9.5. Investments  
The Group companies have made no significant investments since the date of the last published 
financial statements (Unaudited Interim Financial Statements). The Unaudited Interim Financial 
Statements are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
The Group companies are continuously seeking opportunities for the expansion of their business 
operations by investing into organic growth or seeking possible acquisition targets. 
As a general rule, the investments made by the Group companies are financed by own funds or by 
additional capital engaged from the shareholders or bondholders of the subordinated bonds of the 
Company. 
9.6. Material Agreements  
Introductory Remarks. The Group companies are not parties to any material agreements outside of 
their ordinary course of business, which may result in the Group companies being under an obligation 
or entitlement that is material to the Group company’s ability to meet its obligations to bondholders in 
respect of the Bonds. Nevertheless, this Section provides a general description of most relevant 
agreements. The level of detail of the information provided is limited due to the confidentiality provisions

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
included in agreements. However, the Management believes that the provided data is sufficient for 
comprehending the overall contents of the agreements. 
Cooperation agreement with AllePal OÜ (formerly auto24 AS). In 2015 the Company and auto24 AS 
concluded a cooperation agreement with regard to offering auto24 car loan. The agreement has been 
updated from time to time by introducing new financing products and regulates the parties’ obligations 
in connection with the cooperation, including developing obligations, compensation matters and 
includes confidentiality clauses. The Management finds that the agreement protects the interests of the 
Company as it is detailed, and the obligations of the parties are in balance. 
Cooperation agreements with Bite Lietuva UAB and Bite Latvia SIA. In 2017 the Mokilizingas AB and 
Bite Lietuva UAB concluded a cooperation agreement with regard to purchasing Bite Lietuva UAB’s 
claims which it has with its end-customers. The cooperation agreement was updated in 2020 whereby 
the Group companies concluded cooperation agreements with both Bite Lietuva UAB and SIA BITE 
Latvia. These agreements regulate the parties’ obligations in connection with the cooperation, including 
developing obligations, compensation matters and includes confidentiality clauses. The Management 
finds that the agreements protect the interests of the Inbank Lithuania branch (formerly Mokilizingas 
AB) and SIA Inbank Latvia as they are detailed, and the obligations of the parties are in balance. 
Cooperation agreement with PayU (one of the biggest payment services providers in Poland). In 2019 
the Company and PayU concluded a cooperation agreement with regard to offering financing to 
merchants through PayU payment solutions. The agreement regulates the parties’ obligations in 
connection with the cooperation, including developing obligations, compensation matters and includes 
confidentiality clauses. The Management finds that the agreement protects the interests of the 
Company as it is detailed, and the obligations of the parties are in balance. 
Cooperation agreement with Columbus (one of the biggest Green Energy solutions providers in Poland, 
publicly listed on Warsaw Stock Exchange). In 2019 the Company and Columbus concluded a 
cooperation agreement with regard to offering financing of domestic photovoltaic installations. The 
agreement regulates the parties’ obligations in connection with the cooperation, including developing 
obligations, compensation matters and includes confidentiality clauses. The Management finds that the 
agreement protects the interests of the Company as it is detailed, and the obligations of the parties are 
in balance.  
Cooperation agreement with UAB Diginet LTU (owner of autoplius.lt, Lithuanian web platform for the 
sale of vehicles). In May 2022, Inbank Lithuania branch and UAB Diginet LTU concluded a cooperation 
agreement with regard to offering car loans on the autoplius.lt web platform. The agreement regulates 
the parties’ obligations in connection with the cooperation, including developing obligations, 
compensation matters and includes confidentiality clauses. The Management finds that the agreement 
protects the interests of the Company as it is detailed, and the obligations of the parties are in balance. 
Cooperation agreement with Raisin GmbH (global operator of savings and investments platform). In 
2016, AS Inbank and Raisin GmbH concluded a service agreement with regard to offering retail 
customers in Germany and Austria access to deposit offerings through an internet platform developed 
by Raisin. The agreement regulates parties’ obligations in connection with the cooperation, including 
customer onboarding regulations, commission fees and confidentiality clauses. Over the years, the 
agreement has been updated several times to add new markets (Netherlands and Finland, whereas 
deposit taking on the Finnish market has not commenced) and amend certain obligations. The 
Management finds that the agreement protects the interests of the Company as it is detailed, and the 
obligations of the parties are in balance. 
The above-described agreements have not been concluded between persons acting in concert.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
9.7. Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Group since 31 December 2022. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of the Group 
since 30 September 2023 to the date of the Prospectus.  
There have been no material changes to the Group’s borrowing and funding structure since 
31 December 2022 except for the issue of an additional EUR 11.1 million of bonds qualifying as 
Additional Tier 1 capital in June 2023. 
There are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely 
to have a material effect on the issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year, save for the 
ongoing uncertainty related to the war in Ukraine. 
9.8. Legal Proceedings  
In the course of its everyday business operations, the Group companies are customarily parties to legal 
and administrative proceedings.  
In legal proceedings (court proceedings) the Group companies act, in general, as plaintiffs seeking to 
recover debts from customers in default. Such debt recovery proceedings are part of everyday business 
operations of the Group companies. As at the date of this Prospectus, in all but one on-going legal 
proceedings, Group companies involved are acting as plaintiffs and all such proceedings concern debt 
recovery. 
Since the Group companies (most relevantly the Company) operate in the fields subject to extensive 
legal regulation, they are subject to numerous administrative proceedings initiated primarily by the 
EFSA in the course of ordinary financial supervision.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, none of the legal or administrative proceedings to which a Group 
company is a party to (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Management is aware) are considered likely to have any significant effects on the Group's financial 
position and there are no governmental, legal or administrative proceedings to which a Group company 
has been party to (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Management is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have, or 
have had, significant effects on the Group's financial position or profitability. 
From 14 November 2022 to 6 January 2023 the EFSA concluded an on-site inspection at the Company. 
The on-site inspection covered period from 30 September 2021 to 30 September 2022. During the 
onsite inspection, the EFSA assessed the general governance, compliance function, the management 
of IT risk, credit risk and liquidity risk, and accuracy of reporting. As a result of the inspection on 9 
October 2023 the EFSA issued a precept to the Company. Based on the assessment of the FSA several 
of the Company’s internal rules did not meet the requirements and were not always followed. According 
to the EFSA, there were also deficiencies in the loan classification and in the provisioning methodology. 
The Company has already eliminated several deficiencies identified during the on-site inspections and 
mentioned in the findings, having supplemented its internal rules and improved processes. The 
Company has a timeline and action plan in place to eliminate the deficiencies that has been agreed 
with the EFSA. Legally, should the Company not succeed in eliminating the deficiencies by the 
deadlines provided, the EFSA has a right to impose non-compliance levies. The Management of the 
Company does not see any factors that could hinder its ability to fulfil its obligations to eliminate the 
deficiencies by the deadlines provided in the precept.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
10. 
TAXATION 
Introductory Remarks. The purpose of this section is to give an overview of the tax regime applicable 
to the bondholders and the Company. The below summary is in no way exhaustive and is not meant to 
constitute professional advice to any person. Tax legislation of the investor’s member state and of the 
Company’s country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Bonds. In 
order to establish particular tax consequences of the Offering or the ownership of the Bonds, each 
individual investor is advised and strongly encouraged to seek specialist assistance. 
Capital Gains from Sale or Exchange of Bonds. Gains realised by an Estonian resident individual are 
taxable on a cash-basis. Upon the sale or exchange of securities (including the Bonds) gains are subject 
to income tax at the rate of 20%27. Since all earnings of resident legal persons, including capital gains, 
are taxed only upon distribution of profits, capital gains realised by resident legal persons are not subject 
to immediate taxation. As a rule, capital gains received by non-residents from the sale or exchange of 
securities are not taxed in Estonia (except for certain securities related to Estonian real estate). The 
non-resident bondholders receiving capital gains from the sale or exchange of the Bonds may be 
subject to declaring and paying income tax in their respective countries of residence. For the purposes 
of capital gains taxation, the gain derived from the sale of securities (including the Bonds) is the 
difference between the acquisition cost and the sales price of such securities. The gain derived from 
the exchange of securities is the difference between the acquisition cost of securities subject to 
exchange and the market price of the property received as the result of the exchange. The expenses 
directly related to the sale or exchange of shares may be deducted from the gains but are generally 
rather limited. 
Taxation of Interest. Estonian resident individuals are subject to paying income tax (20%28) on the 
interest received from loans, securities (including the Bonds) and other debt obligations. Therefore, 
interest (coupon payments) received by Estonian resident individuals from the Bonds is subject to 
income tax in Estonia. Income tax is withheld by the payor unless the resident individual notifies the 
Company that Bonds were acquired from funds held in the Investment Account or the Pension 
Investment Account. Since all earnings of resident legal persons are taxed only upon distribution (as 
described below), interest received by Estonian resident legal persons is not subject to immediate 
taxation. As a rule, interest payments received by non-residents are exempt in Estonia (i.e. no 
withholdings are made). Note, however, that non-resident bondholders receiving interest from the 
Bonds may be subject to declaring and paying income tax in their respective countries of residence. 
Investment Account. Individuals may defer the taxation of their investment income by using an 
investment account (in Estonian: investeerimiskonto) for the purposes of making transactions with 
financial assets (including the Bonds). An investment account is a monetary account opened with an 
European Economic Area or the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) 
member state credit institution, through which the transactions with the financial assets, taxation of 
income from which (e.g. capital gains, interest, etc.) a person wants to defer, shall be made. The 
moment of taxation of the financial income held on an investment account is postponed until such 
income is withdrawn from the investment account (i.e. the amount withdrawn from the account exceeds 
the amount which had been previously paid into the account). Therefore, financial income held at the 
investment account may be reinvested tax-free until it is withdrawn from the account.  
Pension Investment Account. Estonian resident individuals who have decided to grow their Estonian 
mandatory funded pension (II Pillar) via pension investment account (PIA, in Estonian: pensioni 
investeerimiskonto), can also acquire the Bonds through PIA. Pension investment account is a separate 
 
27 The rate of the income tax shall change as a result of amendments to the law. The new income tax rate is 22% and it shall 
become applicable from 1 January 2025. The current rate noted in this Prospectus is valid until 31 December 2024. 
28 22% as of 1 January 2025.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
bank account opened with an Estonian credit institution, which, on the one hand, is part of the 
mandatory funded pension system (incl. relevant benefits, such as additional contributions from the 
state), but on the other hand allows the person to make their own investment decisions. Like the ordinary 
investment account, PIA allows making of transactions with financial assets, whereas taxation of income 
from such assets (e.g., capital gain or interest from the Bonds) is deferred until income is withdrawn 
from PIA. Monetary means withdrawn from PIA are, generally, taxed at a 20%29 income tax rate, unless 
withdrawn after reaching the retirement age, in which case a 10% income tax rate or a tax exemption 
(depending on the method of payment) applies. 
 
 
 
29 22% as of 1 January 2025.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
11. 
GLOSSARY 
Term 
Definition 
Aktiva Portfolio AS 
shall mean Aktiva Portfolio AS, an Estonian public limited company, registered in the 
Estonian Commercial Register under register code 16013522, having its registered address 
at A. Weizenbergi tn 20, 10150 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Audited Financial 
Statements 
shall mean the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2021, and the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 of the Group     . 
Articles of Association 
shall mean the Articles of Association of the Company effective as at the date of this 
Prospectus. 
Bail-in Powers 
shall mean any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, suspension 
or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Estonia, relating 
to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to the Financial Crisis 
Prevention and Resolution Act (finantskriisi ennetamise ja lahendamise seadus) as 
amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Company (or any affiliate of the 
Company) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Company or any other person (or suspended for a temporary 
period). 
Bonds 
shall mean any and all the Company’s subordinated bonds offered in accordance with this 
Prospectus. 
Company 
shall mean AS Inbank, an Estonian public limited company, registered in the Estonian 
Commercial Register under register code 12001988, having its registered address at Niine 
11, 10414 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Coop Finants AS 
shall mean Coop Finants AS, an Estonian public limited company, registered in the Estonian 
Commercial Register under register code 12087992, having its registered address at Narva 
mnt 4, 15014 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Coop Pank AS 
shall mean Coop Pank aktsiaselts, an Estonian public limited company, registered in the 
Estonian Commercial Register under register code 10237832, having its registered address 
at Narva mnt 4, 15014 Tallinn, Estonia. 
COVID-19 
shall mean the infectious disease caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus. 
ERS 
shall mean the Estonian Register of Securities, operated by Nasdaq CSD SE Estonia 
branch, registered in the Estonian Commercial Register under register code 14306553, 
having its registered address at Maakri tn 19/1, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia. 
EUR 
shall mean the official currency of Eurozone countries, including Estonia, Latvia and 
Lithuania, the euro. 
Eurozone 
shall mean the economic and monetary union (EMU) of the European Union member states, 
which have adopted euro as their single official currency. 
Excluded Territories 
Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, South Africa and any other jurisdiction where the 
distribution of this Prospectus and/or the transfer of the Bonds would breach applicable law. 
Financial Statements 
shall mean the Audited Financial Statements and the Unaudited Interim Financial 
Statements. 
EFSA 
shall mean the Estonian Financial Supervision and Resolution Authority, a financial 
supervision institution with autonomous competence and a separate budget which conducts 
supervision over credit institutions, insurance companies, insurance intermediaries, 
investment firms, management companies, investment and pension funds as well as the 
payment service providers, e-money institutions and the securities markets that have been 
authorised by the Financial Supervision and Resolution Authority in the name of the state 
and which is independent in its activities and decisions. 
GDP 
shall mean gross domestic product, the market value of all officially recognized final goods 
and services produced within a country in a year, or another given period of time. 
General Meeting 
shall mean the General Meeting of shareholders of the Company, the highest governing 
body of the Company. 
Group 
shall mean the Company and all its Subsidiaries. 
IBF Polska Sp. z.o.o 
shall mean IBF Polska Sp. z.o.o, a Polish limited company, registered in the Polish 
Commercial Register under register code 0000986107 having its registered address at 
Fabryczna 5, 00-446 Warsaw, Poland. 
IFRS 
shall mean the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union. 
Inbank Finance AS 
shall mean Inbank Finance AS, an Estonian public limited company, registered in the 
Estonian Commercial Register under register code 16197915 having its registered address 
at Niine 11, 10414 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Inbank Latvia SIA 
shall mean Inbank Latvia SIA, a Latvian limited liability company, registered in the Latvian 
Register of Enterprises under register code 40103821436, having its registered address at 
Akmeņu iela 14, Rīga, LV-1048, Latvia. 
Inbank Lithuania branch 
shall mean AS Inbank filialas, registered in the Lithuanian Commercial Register under 
register code 305340173, having its registered address at Kareivių g. 11B, Vilnius, 09109 
Lithuania.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Inbank Payments OÜ 
shall mean Inbank Payments OÜ, an Estonian private limited company, registered in the 
Estonian Commercial Register under register code 14790098, having its registered address 
at Niine 11, 10414 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Inbank Poland branch 
shall mean AS Inbank Spółka Akcyjna Oddział w Polsce, registered in the Polish 
Commercial Register under register code 0000635086, having its registered address at 
Fabryczna 5A, Riverside Park, 00-446 Warsaw, Poland. 
Inbank Rent AS 
shall mean Inbank Rent AS, an Estonian public limited company, registered in the Estonian 
Commercial Register under register code 16699344 having its registered address at Niine 
11, 10414 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Inbank Rent SIA 
shall mean Inbank Rent SIA, a Latvian private limited company, registered in the Latvian 
Commercial Register under register code 40203520538  having its registered address at 
Akmeņu iela 14, Rīga, LV-1048, Latvia. 
Inbank Technologies OÜ 
shall mean Inbank Technologies OÜ, an Estonian private limited company merged into 
Inbank Ventures OÜ. 
Inbank Ventures OÜ 
shall mean Inbank Ventures OÜ (previously Maksekeskus Holding OÜ), an Estonian private 
limited company, registered in the Estonian Commercial Register under register code 
12257075, having its registered address at Niine 11, 10414 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Institutional Offering 
shall mean the offering of the Bonds in or outside Estonia to qualified investors or by private 
placement in accordance with Article 1(4)(a) and (b) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and 
repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. 
Management 
shall mean the Management Board and the Supervisory Board of the Company. 
Management Board 
shall mean the Management Board of the Company. 
Mobire Group OÜ 
shall mean Mobire Group OÜ, an Estonian private limited company, registered in the 
Estonian Commercial Register under register code 14792996, having its registered address 
at Mäealuse 2/3, 12618 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Mokilizingas AB 
shall mean Mokilizingas AB, a Lithuanian public limited company, which has been merged 
into Inbank Lithuania branch.  
Nasdaq CSD 
shall mean Nasdaq CSD SE Estonian branch, registered in the Estonian Commercial 
register under register code 14306553, having its registered address at Maakri 19/1, 10145 
Tallinn, Estonia, acting as the operator of the ERS. 
Nasdaq Tallinn Stock 
Exchange 
shall mean the only regulated market operated by Nasdaq Tallinn AS (registry code 
10359206). 
Offer Price 
shall mean the final price per each Bond, which shall be a fixed price of EUR 1,000. 
Offering 
shall mean the Retail Offering and the Institutional Offering together. 
Offering Period 
shall mean the period within which investors will have the opportunity to submit Subscription 
Undertakings starting and ending at times provided in the Final Terms of each series. 
Paywerk AS 
shall mean Paywerk AS, an Estonian public limited company, registered in the Estonian 
Commercial Register under register code 16218310, having its registered address at Niine 
11, 10414 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Prospectus 
shall mean this document, including the registration document of the Company and the 
securities notes of the Bonds. 
Restricted Territories 
shall mean member states of the European Economic Area (excluding Estonia). 
Retail Offering 
shall mean the offering of the Bonds to institutional and retail investors in Estonia, which is a 
public offering of securities within the meaning of the Estonian Securities Market Act and 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. 
Resolution Authority 
shall mean the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in Powers in relation 
to the Company and/or the Group. 
Section 
shall mean a section of this Prospectus. 
Subscription Undertaking 
shall mean the order submitted by an investor for the purchase of the Bonds in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the Offering. 
Subsidiaries 
shall mean Inbank Latvia SIA, Inbank Payments OÜ, Inbank Ventures OÜ, Inbank Finance 
AS, Mobire Group OÜ, Inbank Rent AS and Inbank Rent SIA. 
Supervisory Board 
shall mean the Supervisory Board of the Company. 
Terms 
Terms and Conditions of the Bonds. 
Unaudited Interim 
Financial Statements 
shall mean the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the period 
ended 30 September 2023, including the comparative financial information as of and for the 
nine months ended on 30 September 2022 of the Group.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
12. 
INDEX OF SCHEDULES 
Schedule 1: Terms and Conditions of Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds 
Schedule 2: Articles of Association of the Company

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
 
COMPANY 
 
Inbank AS 
 
(Niine 11, Tallinn, Harju maakond, 10414, Estonia) 
 
 
      
 
 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO COMPANY 
 
Ellex Raidla Advokaadibüroo OÜ 
 
(Roosikrantsi 2, Tallinn, Harju maakond, 10119, Estonia) 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers 
 
(Tatari 1, Tallinn, Harju maakond, 10116, Estonia)

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
SCHEDULE 1: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF TIER 2 SUBORDINATED BONDS 
 
This document applicable to the Program (as defined below) contains the terms and conditions of the 
Tier 2 subordinated bonds (the “Bonds” and the “Terms”) which (subject to completion of the Final 
Terms (as defined below) for each Series (as defined below) of such Bonds) shall be incorporated by 
reference into each such Bond. The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Bonds, as the 
case may be, will specify specific terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with these Terms, replace and modify the following Terms for the purposes of such 
Bonds. The relevant Final Terms will be attached to each such Bond. 
AS Inbank, a limited liability company established and holding a credit institution license in Estonia, 
(“Inbank” or the “Company”) has established a Bond program for the issue of up to EUR 35,000,000 
in aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tier 2 subordinated bonds (the “Bonds”).  
The Bonds are issued in separate series (each, a “Series”) and the Bonds of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms whether as to currency, denomination, interest or maturity or otherwise. The 
Company may choose to issue additional Bonds of a certain Series after the Issue Date (as defined 
below). The Issue Price (as defined below) and Issue Date of such Bonds may or may not be identical 
in connection with further issues. 
Each Series will be the subject to the final terms (the “Final Terms”) attached to each Bond, a copy 
of which will be available through the Company’s website (https://inbank.ee/en/investor/bonds) and in 
the case of a Series in relation to which application has been made for admission to the Bonds List of 
the Tallinn Stock Exchange, will be filed with Nasdaq Tallinn AS on or before the date of issue of the 
Bonds of such Series. The Final Terms of each series will be filed with the EFSA (as defined below). 
References in these Terms to Bonds are to the Bonds of the relevant Series. 
1. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
In these Terms the following expressions have the following meanings, whereas 
additional expressions have been defined in other parts of these Terms, where clearly 
marked so: 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, 
delegated or implementing acts, regulatory or implementing technical standards, rules, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in 
Estonia including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV and 
CRD V, BRRD, BRRD II and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy adopted by the EFSA, as replaced or amended from time 
to time, and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies 
have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to 
the Company or the Group). 
“Bail-in Powers” means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, 
and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in 
effect in the Republic of Estonia, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including 
but not limited to the Financial Crisis Prevention and Resolution Act (finantskriisi 
ennetamise ja lahendamise seadus) and the BRRD II as amended or replaced from 
time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant 
to which any obligation of the Company (or any affiliate of the Company) can be 
reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Company or any other person (or suspended for a temporary 
period).

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
“BRRD” means the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced 
from time to time. 
“BRRD II” means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and 
Directive 98/26/EC, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle inter-bank payments in euro in Tallinn and which is a settlement day of 
the Register. 
“Bonds” mean tier 2 (as defined by the Applicable Banking Regulations) subordinated 
bonds issued by the Company in accordance with these Terms and the Final Terms, 
representing unsecured debt obligation of the Company before the Bondholder. 
“Bondholder” is the owner of the Bond registered as such in the Register. 
“Capital Event” means the determination by the Company, after consultation with the 
EFSA, that the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant Series of Bonds ceases 
or would be likely to cease to be included in whole or in any part, or count in whole or 
in any part, towards the Tier 2 Capital of the Company in the essence of CRR and 
CRR II. 
“Company” means AS Inbank, register code 12001988. 
“CRD IV and CRD V” means the legislative package consisting of the CRD IV 
Directive, the CRD V Directive, the CRR, the CRR II and any CRD IV and CRD V 
Implementing Measures. 
“CRD IV Directive” means Directive (EU) 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and 
the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may 
be amended or replaced from time to time. 
“CRD V Directive” means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures, 
as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time. 
“CRD IV and CRD V Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or 
regulations, or other requirements, which are applicable to the Company or the Group 
and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory 
capital of the Company or the Group (on a solo or consolidated basis, as the case may 
be) to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive, the CRD V Directive, the CRR or 
the CRR II, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards 
released by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement 
thereof). 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time. 
“CRR II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as the same may be 
amended or replaced from time to time. 
“EFSA” means the Estonian Financial Supervision and Resolution Authority 
(Finantsinspektsioon) and any successor or replacement thereto or any other authority 
having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Company. 
“Final Terms” mean the set of additional terms and conditions of the particular series 
of Bonds, together with these Terms forming the full set of terms and conditions of the 
particular Series of the Bonds. 
“Group” means the Company together with its subsidiaries. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Bonds (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms). 
“Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Issue Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issue Price” means the price payable for one Bond upon the issue thereof as 
determined in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” means the date of ordinary redemption of the Bonds as determined 
in accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
“Nominal Amount” shall mean the stated value of a Bond as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means the principal amount of the Bond on the 
Issue Date as reduced by any partial redemption or repurchase from time to time.  
“Program” means the issue of the Bonds in one or several Series in accordance with 
these Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Register” means Nasdaq Central Securities Depository (CSD) operated by Nasdaq 
CSD SE (register code 40003242879, registered address Vaļņu iela 1, Rīga LV-1050, 
Latvia) Estonian branch. 
“Relevant Amounts” means the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Bonds, together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Bonds. 
References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to 
exercise any Bail-in Powers in relation to the Company and/or the Group. 
“Series” means one or several issues of the Bonds in accordance with these Terms 
but in each case the relevant Final Terms, which may vary in respect of different 
series.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
“Tax Event” means: 
(i) 
any amendment to, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations 
thereunder) of the Taxing Jurisdiction affecting taxation; 
(ii) 
any governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
any amendment to, or change in, the official position or the interpretation of 
such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or governmental action or any 
interpretation, decision or pronouncement that provides for a position with 
respect to such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or governmental action 
that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each case, by 
any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory body in the 
Taxing Jurisdiction, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, 
change, action, pronouncement, interpretation or decision is made known, 
which amendment or change is effective or such governmental action, 
pronouncement, interpretation or decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series of Bonds and as a result of which: 
(i) 
the Company is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other 
governmental charges with respect to such Bonds or is not, or will not be, 
entitled to claim a deduction in respect of payments in respect of such Bonds 
in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such deduction would be 
materially reduced); or 
(ii) 
the treatment of any of the Company’s items of income or expense with respect 
to such Bonds as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed 
(or to be filed) by the Company will not be respected by a taxing authority, 
which subjects the Company to additional taxes, duties or other governmental 
charges. 
“Taxing Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or any other 
jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof, having power to tax in which the Company is treated as having a permanent 
establishment, under the income tax laws of such jurisdiction. 
“Terms” mean these terms and conditions of the Bonds as established by the 
management board of the Company, together with the relevant Final Terms forming 
an agreement between the Company and a Bondholder in respect of the issue and 
redemption of a Bond and rights and obligations arising from the Bond. 
“Tier 2 Capital” means tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
(b) 
In these Terms  
(i) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1(a) (Interpretation - Definitions) to have 
the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms 
gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “Not Applicable” 
then such expression is not applicable to the Bonds; 
(ii) 
references to any act or other regulatory instrument or any provision of any act 
or other regulatory instrument shall be deemed also to refer to any statutory 
modification or re-enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, order or 
regulation made thereunder or under such modification or re-enactment. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Currency 
(a) 
Form 
The Bonds are issued in dematerialised book-entry form. The Bonds are not

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
numbered.  
(b) 
Denomination 
The Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Currency 
The Bonds may be denominated in the euro. 
3. 
Title, Transfer, Delivery and Transferability 
(a) 
Title 
The title to the Bonds passes by the registration in the Register. References herein to 
the “Bondholders” signify the persons in whose names such Bonds are so registered. 
(b) 
Transfer 
The Bonds can be transferred from one securities account to another by the registrar 
of the Register by way of debiting the first securities account and crediting the other 
securities account in the amount of the corresponding number of securities. 
Ownership of a Bond is deemed to have changed in respect of the Company as from 
the moment a relevant entry is made in the Register, i.e. when a Bond is transferred 
to the securities account of the respective Bondholder. 
(c) 
Delivery 
The Company organises the registration of the Bonds in the Register and their deletion 
from the Register upon their redemption. Only persons who have securities accounts 
(whether directly of via a nominee structure) with the Register can subscribe for or 
purchase the Bonds.  
(d) 
Transferability 
The Bonds are freely transferrable; however, any Bondholder wishing to transfer the 
Bonds must ensure that any offering related to such transfer would not be qualified an 
offering requiring the publication of a prospectus in the meaning of the applicable law. 
Ensuring that any offering of the Bonds does not require publication of a prospectus 
under the applicable law is the obligation and liability of the Bondholder.  
The Register may temporarily block the Bonds on a Bondholder’s securities account 
to ensure performance of corporate actions regarding the Bonds. 
4. 
Status 
The Bonds will be subordinated to all unsubordinated claims against the Company. The 
subordination of the Bonds means that upon the liquidation (likvideerimine) or bankruptcy 
(pankrot) of the Company, all the claims arising from the Bonds shall fall due in accordance 
with these Terms and shall be satisfied only after the full satisfaction of all unsubordinated 
recognised claims against the Company in accordance with the applicable law. Therefore, 
upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Company, the Bondholders are not entitled to any 
payments due under the Bonds until the full and due satisfaction of all the unsubordinated 
claims against the Company. In case of bankruptcy of the Company the Bondholders are only 
entitled to payments after the full and due satisfaction of all recognised claims under the 
Company that do not derive from instruments that qualify as own funds’ instruments under 
Articles 26-88 of the CRR, as amended by CRR II. By subscribing to the Bonds or acquiring 
the Bonds from a secondary market, the Bondholder unconditionally and irrecoverably agrees 
to such subordination of claims arising from any Bonds.  
As long as there are no liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings initiated against the Company, 
all claims arising from the Bonds shall be satisfied in accordance with these Terms and the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
applicable law. Notwithstanding any rights of the Bondholder under these Terms or the law, 
by subscribing to Bonds or acquiring the Bonds from a secondary market the Bondholder 
unconditionally and irrevocably relinquishes the right to demand premature redemption of any 
Bonds. 
No Bondholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off (tasaarvestus) against moneys 
owed by the Company in respect of such Bonds.  
5. 
Interest 
The Bonds shall bear interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount from and including their 
Issue Date (as specified in the Final Terms) to, but excluding, the date of any final redemption 
at the rate per annum specified in the Final Terms. Such interest will be payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date as is specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the date of any 
final redemption.  
The determination by the Company of all amounts of interest for the purposes of this Condition 
5 shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Bonds shall be 
redeemed at their principal amount on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Early Redemption as a result of Tax Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, but subject to having obtained the relevant EFSA 
permission if such permission is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, the Company may, at its option, having given not less than 30 days’ 
notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Bonds of the relevant 
Series at any time at a redemption amount equal to their Outstanding Principal Amount 
together with interest (if any) accrued up to but excluding the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Early Redemption as a result of Capital Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, but subject to having obtained the relevant 
EFSA permission if such permission is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, the Company may, at its option, having given not less than 30 days’ 
notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at any time redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Bonds of 
the relevant Series at a redemption amount equal to their Outstanding Principal 
Amount, together with interest (if any) accrued up to but excluding the date of 
redemption. 
(d) 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
After 5 years have passed from the Issue Date of the Bonds of the relevant Series and 
having obtained the relevant EFSA permission if such permission is then required 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Company may, having given not less 
than 30 days’ notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) redeem fully or partially the Bonds at their Outstanding Principal 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon.  
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition 6(d)  is a notice given by the 
Company to the Bondholders, which notice shall be signed by a duly authorised officer 
of the Company and shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Bonds subject to redemption;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(ii) 
whether the Bonds of such Series are to be redeemed in whole or in part only 
and, if in part only, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Bonds 
which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 days after 
the date on which such notice is validly given; and 
(iv) 
the amount at which such Bonds are to be redeemed, which shall be their 
Outstanding Principal Amount together with accrued interest thereon. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Company 
to make the redemption therein specified. 
(e) 
Partial Redemption 
If the Bonds of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 6(d), the Bonds shall be redeemed pro rata to their Outstanding 
Principal Amount, subject always to compliance with all applicable laws, and the rules 
of the stock exchange on which the Bonds have then been admitted to trading. 
(f) 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Bonds 
All Bonds redeemed or purchased in accordance with this Condition 6 will be cancelled 
and may not be reissued or resold. References in this Condition 6(f) to the purchase 
of the Bonds by the Company shall not include the purchase of Bonds otherwise than 
as beneficial owner. 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Should any amounts payable in cash or in kind (whether in respect of principal, 
redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in respect of the Bonds be subject to 
withholding or deduction of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, the Company 
shall be entitled to withhold or deduct the respective taxes or duties. For the avoidance 
of doubt, any such withholdings or deductions shall be made by the Company on the 
account of the Bondholder with the Company having no obligation to compensate the 
withheld or deducted tax amounts to the Bondholder. 
(b) 
Should an applicable treaty for the avoidance of double taxation set forth lower 
withholding rates than those otherwise applicable to the interest payment under 
Estonian domestic law, the respective Bondholder shall be requested to provide the 
documents necessary for application of the respective treaty (including, but not limited 
to, residence certificate issued or attested by the tax authority of the residence state 
of the Bondholder) at least 15 (fifteen) days prior to the payment. If such documents 
are not presented to the Company, the Company shall be entitled to withhold tax at 
the rates set forth by the Estonian domestic legislation. 
(c) 
Individuals may postpone the taxation of their (interest) income from the Bonds by 
using an investment account (investeerimiskonto) for making transactions with the 
Bonds and notifying the Company in a form reproducible in writing at least 15 (fifteen) 
days prior to the payment that they are entitled to benefit from the investment account 
special tax regime. At the date of these Terms, individuals are entitled to benefit from 
the investment account special tax regime if they have acquired the Bonds on account 
of monetary means held at the respective Bondholder’s investment account. If the 
relevant notice is not duly presented to the Company, the Company shall be entitled 
to withhold tax in accordance with the general withholding rules.  
(d) 
Any reference in these Terms to interest in respect of the Bonds shall be deemed also 
to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 7 or any

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
undertaking given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor. For the avoidance of 
doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable by the Company in respect of payments 
of principal under the Bonds.  
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise, including on the final 
redemption) due on the Bonds will be made to the Bondholders thereof, as appearing 
in the Register at the close of business on the Business Day preceding the due date 
for such payment (the “Record Date”). Payment of amounts due on the final 
redemption of the Bonds will be made simultaneously with deletion of the Bonds, or, 
if so required by the Company, against delivery of the Bonds to the Company. If the 
due date for payment of the final redemption amount of the Bonds is not a Business 
Day, the Bondholder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next 
following Business Day and no further payment shall be due in respect of such delay 
save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these 
Terms. 
(b) 
If the Company fails to transfer any amount payable to a Bondholder in connection 
with the Bond by the due date, the Company undertakes to pay delay interest to the 
Bondholder on the outstanding amount as from the payment deadline until actual 
payment at the rate specified in the Final Terms. 
9. 
Limitation Period 
Claims against the Company in respect of the Bonds will expire (aeguvad) unless made within 
3 years after the due date for payment. 
10. 
Notices 
(a) 
To Bondholders 
Notices to Bondholders will be deemed to be validly given published through the 
information system of the stock exchange in which they are listed (if applicable) or in 
case of unlisted Bonds if sent to them at their respective addresses as recorded in the 
Register and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Business Day 
after the date of sending the notice by registered mail and on the next Business Day 
after sending the notice by e-mail. 
(b) 
To Company 
Notices to the Company will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to Niine 11, 
10414 Tallinn, Estonia or it delivered by e-mail to investor@inbank.ee (or at such other 
addresses as may have been notified to the Holders of the Bonds in accordance with 
this Condition 10 or via the Company’s website) and will be deemed to have been 
validly given at the opening of business on the next day on which the Company’s 
principal office is open for business. 
11. 
Further Issues 
The Company may from time to time without the consent of the Bondholders of any Series 
create and issue further Bonds of that Series and other debt securities having terms and 
conditions the same as those of the Bonds of that Series or the same except for the amount 
of the first payment of interest (if any), which may be consolidated and form a single issue 
with and bear the same ISIN code as the outstanding Bonds of the respective Series. 
12. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Bonds and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
are governed by Estonian law and subjected to the jurisdiction of the courts of Estonia. 
13. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Bonds or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Company and any Bondholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 13, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Bonds), by 
its acquisition of the Bonds, each Bondholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability 
arising under the Bonds may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Bonds;  
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Bonds into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Company or 
another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Bondholder of such 
shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Bonds; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Bonds or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Bonds; 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the amount of interest payable on the Bonds, 
or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Bonds, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BONDS 
FINAL TERMS OF THE BONDS 
[Date] 
AS INBANK 
Issue of EUR [Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Series] Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds 
under the EUR 35,000,000 Bond Programme 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds. This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Bonds described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with such Terms and with the base prospectus drawn up by the 
Company, dated [date] (the “Prospectus”). Full information on the Company and the offer of the Bonds 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Terms and the Prospectus. 
The 
Prospectus 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
through 
the 
Company’s 
website 
(https://inbank.eu/investors/bonds). 
A summary of this series has been appended to these Final Terms. The Final Terms have been 
approved by a decision of the Company’s Management Board of [date]. The Final Terms have been 
filed with the EFSA, but are not subject to approval proceedings. 
 
1. 
 
Issuer 
AS Inbank 
2. 
 
Number of series 
[       ] 
3. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Series 
EUR [amount]. [The Aggregate Nominal Amount of the series may be 
increased by the Company up to EUR [amount] until the Issue Date] 
4. 
 
Issue currency 
EUR 
5. 
 
Nominal Amount 
EUR 1,000 
6. 
 
Issue Price  
100% of the original Nominal Amount 
7. 
 
Issue Date and Interest 
Commencement Date 
[date] 
8. 
 
Maturity Date 
[date] 
9. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis 
Redemption at par 
10.  
Interest 
 
11.  
i. Calculation basis 
Fixed interest 
12.  
ii. Interest Payment Dates 
[description] 
 
iii. Interest Rate 
 
[number]% per annum 
 
iv. Interest calculation method 
30/360 
 
v. Rate of delay interest 
0.025% per day 
13.  
Yield 
[number]% per annum. Yield is calculated based on the Nominal 
Amount and on the Issue Date. Actual yield may differ depending on 
the price paid for a specific bond by an investor  
14.  
Subscription Period 
[beginning and end times of period] 
15.  
ISIN code 
[code] 
16.  
Listing and admission to trading 
Application will be made to the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange for the 
Bonds to be admitted to the Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn 
Stock Exchange

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
Signed on behalf of AS Inbank  
 
______ 
Date:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
SCHEDULE 2: ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY 
 
1. 
BUSINESS NAME AND REGISTERED OFFICE 
1.1. 
The business name of the Public Limited Company is AS Inbank (hereinafter the Bank). 
1.2. 
The registered office of the Bank is Tallinn, the Republic of Estonia. 
2. 
FINANCIAL YEAR 
2.1. 
The financial year of the Bank is a calendar year (01 January to 31 December). 
3. 
SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES 
3.1. 
The minimum share capital of the Bank is five hundred thousand (500,000) euros and the 
maximum capital is two million (2,000,000) euros. 
3.2. 
The nominal value of a share of the Bank is 0.10 euros and each share grants one (1) vote 
at the General Meeting. 
3.3. 
The Bank shall only have registered shares. The shares are of one class and grant their 
holders the same rights. 
3.4. 
Upon payment for shares by a monetary contribution, the contribution shall be paid to the 
bank account specified in the resolution on increase of the capital. Shares may be paid for 
in another manner than by a monetary contribution only in the cases provided for by law. 
3.5. 
In order to cover any possible future losses, the Bank shall form legal reserve, the minimum 
amount of which is one-tenth (1/10) of the amount of the share capital. Each financial year 
at least one-twentieth (1/20) of the net profit of the Bank shall be transferred to the legal 
reserve until the minimum amount of the legal reserve is reached. The General Meeting 
may decide that other amounts will also be transferred to the legal reserve. The legal 
reserve may also be used to increase the share capital. 
3.6. 
The Bank may issue registered convertible bonds, the sum of the nominal values of which 
may not be more than 1/10 of the share capital and the holders of which have the right to 
convert their bonds to shares. 
4. 
RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDER 
4.1. 
In accordance with the sum of the nominal values of the shares held by a shareholder, a 
share shall grant the shareholder the right to participate in the management and profit 
distribution of the Bank and, upon dissolution of the Bank, the right to receive a respective 
share of the assets of the Bank. 
4.2. 
Shares of the Bank may be freely transferred.
5. 
GENERAL MEETING 
5.1. 
The General Meeting of shareholders is the highest managing body of the Bank. 
5.2. 
An annual General Meeting shall be called by the Management Board no later than within 
three (3) months of the end of the financial year.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
5.3. 
A special General Meeting shall be called by the Management Board in the cases provided 
for by law. Shareholders shall be notified of an annual General Meeting at least three (3) 
weeks before the General Meeting and of a special General Meeting at least one (1) week 
before the General Meeting. The notice shall be sent in such a manner that, under normal 
conditions of delivery, it reaches the addressee no later than by the aforementioned due 
dates. 
5.4. 
A notice of a General Meeting shall be sent to shareholders by registered letter to the 
address entered in the share register. 
5.5. 
A notice of a General Meeting may also be sent by non-registered letter, fax or 
electronically if a notice concerning the obligation to immediately send acknowledgement 
of receipt of the document is appended to the letter or fax. A notice sent by non-registered 
letter, fax or electronically shall be deemed to have been delivered if the recipient sends 
the Management Board acknowledgement of receipt of the document in writing, by fax or 
electronically at the recipient’s discretion. 
5.6. 
If the Bank has more than 50 shareholders, notices need not be sent to shareholders; 
however, a notice of a General Meeting shall be published in at least one national daily 
newspaper. 
5.7. 
General Meetings of the Bank shall be held in the Republic of Estonia. 
5.8. 
The rules of procedure of a General Meeting shall be as follows: 
(1) 
a list of shareholders who participate in the Meeting shall be prepared, which shall 
set out the names of the shareholders who participate in the Meeting and the 
number of votes attaching to their shares as well as the name and signature of the 
representative of the shareholder; 
(2) 
the Meeting shall be opened by the chairperson of the Supervisory Board or 
Management Board of the Bank; 
(3) 
the chairperson and the recording secretary of the Meeting shall be elected; 
(4) 
the legality and quorum of the Meeting shall be recognised; 
(5) 
the agenda shall be approved. 
5.9. 
At an annual General Meeting: 
(1) 
the annual report, auditor’s report and profit distribution proposal made by the 
Management Board in respect of the previous year shall be examined; 
(2) 
the opinion of the Supervisory Board shall be heard and the report of the 
Supervisory Board shall be examined; 
(3) 
the approval of the annual report shall be decided; 
(4) 
the distribution of profit or adoption of measures shall be decided if this is caused 
by a loss set out in the audited annual report; 
(5) 
the number, election (incl. extension of authority) and remuneration of auditors and 
members of the Supervisory Board shall be decided, if necessary; 
(6) 
other issues provided for by law or specified in the notice of the General Meeting 
shall be decided and discussed.
5.10. A General Meeting has a quorum if more than two-thirds (2/3) of the votes determined by 
all shares are represented at the meeting. If a sufficient number of votes is not represented 
at a General Meeting, the Management Board shall call a new General Meeting with the 
same agenda. The new General Meeting has a quorum regardless of the number of votes 
represented at the General Meeting. 
5.11. Shareholders may vote on the draft resolutions prepared in respect of the items on the 
agenda of a General Meeting using electronic means prior to the General Meeting or during

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
the General Meeting if this is possible in a technically secure manner. The procedure for 
electronic voting shall be determined by the Management Board. 
5.12. A resolution of a General Meeting shall be adopted if more than two-thirds (2/3) of the votes 
represented at the General Meeting are in favour unless otherwise provided for by law or 
the Articles of Association. In the election of a person at a General Meeting, the candidate 
who receives more votes than the others shall be deemed to be elected. Upon an equal 
division of votes, lots shall be drawn. 
5.13. The minutes shall be signed by the chairperson and the recording secretary of the Meeting. 
The list of shareholders who participate in the Meeting shall be signed by the chairperson 
and the recording secretary of the Meeting and each shareholder or the shareholder’s 
representative who participated in the General Meeting. 
5.14. If the Bank has one shareholder or if, in addition to such a shareholder, the only other 
shareholder is the Bank itself or if there are more shareholders provided that they all agree 
to and sign the resolution, resolutions may be adopted without observing the requirements 
for the agenda, notice, place, holding procedure and minutes of the General Meeting 
provided for by law. In such an event, a resolution shall be prepared in writing and signed 
by shareholders and such a resolution shall set forth, among other, the names of the 
shareholders, the number of votes and the time of the adoption of the resolution.
6. 
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
6.1. 
The Supervisory Board shall plan the activities of the Bank, give instructions to the 
Management Board for the organisation of the management of the Bank and supervise the 
activities of the Bank and the activities of the Management Board of the Bank and adopt 
resolutions on issues provided for by law or the Articles of Association. The Supervisory 
Board shall present to the General Meeting a report on its activities during the year. The 
report shall contain an assessment of the annual report. 
6.2. 
The authority and obligations of the Supervisory Board shall include, but not be limited to, 
the following: 
(1) 
approval of the strategy of the Bank and general principles of its activities; 
(2) 
approval of the credit and investment policy of the Bank; 
(3) 
approval of the principles of remuneration of members of the Management Board 
and employees of the Bank and assessment of implementation thereof; 
(4) 
approval of the general risk management principles and strategy of the Bank; 
(5) 
approval of the organisational structure of the Bank and principles thereof; 
(6) 
approval of the general principles of monitoring the activities of the Bank; 
(7) 
election and removal of members of the Management Board of the Bank, 
chairperson and deputy chairperson of the Management Board and procurators 
and deciding on their remuneration; 
(8) 
approval of the statutes of the Internal Audit Unit of the Bank, appointment and 
release from office of the head of the Internal Audit Unit and, on the proposal of the 
head of the Internal Audit Unit, appointment and release from office of employees 
of the Internal Audit Unit; 
(9) 
approval of the budget and investment plan of the Bank; 
(10) deciding on the foundation and closure of branches in foreign states; 
(11) acquisition (incl. increase) and transfer (incl. reduction) of holdings in other 
companies (incl. foundation and liquidation of companies) if the volume of the 
transaction exceeds 10 percent of the Bank’s own funds or of the share capital of 
the other company or such a rate is reached with this transaction;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
(12) establishment of the general principles of activities and authority of the Credit 
Committee; 
(13) deciding on the conclusion of transactions that are beyond the scope of the 
everyday economic activities of the Bank; 
(14) deciding on the conclusion of transactions with members of the Management 
Board of the Bank and appointment of a representative of the Bank in such 
transactions; 
(15) filing claims against members of the Management Board of the Bank and 
appointment of a representative of the Bank in such claims; 
(16) determination of the agenda of the General Meeting (except in the cases provided 
for by law); 
(17) deciding on other matters placed within the authority of the Supervisory Board by 
law and the Articles of Association.
6.3. 
The Supervisory Board has the right to increase the share capital by way of contributions 
within 3 (three) years as of the entry into force of this version of the articles of association. 
The Supervisory Board may increase share capital up to 1/10 of the share capital that was 
registered during the entry into force of this version of the articles of association.” 
6.4. 
The Supervisory Board shall consist of five (5) to seven (7) members who are elected by 
the General Meeting for three (3) years. 
6.5. 
Members of the Supervisory Board shall elect a chairperson from among themselves, who 
shall organise the activities of the Supervisory Board. If the chairperson of the Supervisory 
Board cannot perform their duties, the remaining members of the Supervisory Board may 
elect, by consensus, from among themselves a member who shall substitute for the 
chairperson of the Supervisory Board during the absence of the chairperson. 
6.6. 
Meetings of the Supervisory Board shall be held when necessary, but not less often than 
once (1) every three (3) months. A meeting of the Supervisory Board shall be called if this 
is demanded by a member of the Supervisory Board, a member of the Management Board, 
an auditor, the head of the Internal Audit Unit or the chairperson of the Audit Committee, 
shareholders whose shares represent at least one-tenth of the share capital or other 
persons prescribed by law. 
6.7. 
Advance notice of at least one (1) week shall be given of the holding of a meeting of the 
Supervisory Board and of its agenda. 
6.8. 
Meetings of the Supervisory Board shall be held in the place determined by the chairperson 
of the Supervisory Board in the Republic of Estonia or abroad. 
6.9. 
A meeting of the Supervisory Board shall be called and the meeting shall be chaired by the 
chairperson of the Supervisory Board or a member of the Supervisory Board substituting 
for the latter. 
6.10. A meeting of the Supervisory Board has a quorum if more than one-half of the members of 
the Supervisory Board participate in the meeting. A member of the Supervisory Board may 
participate in a meeting of the Supervisory Board and exercise their rights using electronic 
means without physically attending the meeting, by means of real-time two-way 
communication or in another similar electronic way, which enables a member of the 
Supervisory Board to watch the meeting from a remote location and address the meeting, 
and to vote upon adoption of resolutions. 
6.11. A resolution of the Supervisory Board shall be adopted if more than one-half of the 
members of the Supervisory Board who participate in voting vote in favour of the resolution. 
Each member of the Supervisory Board shall have one vote. A member of the Supervisory 
Board shall not be entitled to authorise other persons, except for another member of the 
Supervisory Board, to participate in and vote at meetings of the Supervisory Board. Upon 
an equal division of votes, the chairperson of the Supervisory Board or the member

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
substituting for the latter shall have the deciding vote. A member of the Supervisory Board 
does not have the right to abstain from voting or to remain undecided. 
6.12. Minutes shall be taken of all meetings of the Supervisory Board. The minutes shall be 
signed by all members of the Supervisory Board who participate in the meeting and by the 
recording secretary of the meeting. 
6.13. The Supervisory Board has the right to adopt resolutions without calling a meeting. The 
rules of procedure shall be as follows: 
(1) 
the chairperson of the Supervisory Board shall send a draft resolution to all 
members of the Supervisory Board and specify the term within which the members 
of the Supervisory Board have to submit their position on it in a format that can be 
reproduced in writing. If a member of the Supervisory Board does not notify in due 
course whether they are for or against the resolution, it shall be deemed that they 
vote against the resolution; 
(2) 
a resolution shall be deemed adopted if more than one-half of members of the 
Supervisory Board are in favour thereof; 
(3) 
the chairperson of the Supervisory Board shall prepare a record of vote on the 
results of voting and send it to members of the Supervisory Board and the 
Management Board without delay. 
6.14. A resolution of the Supervisory Board may also be formalised without advance notice and 
a record of vote if all members of the Supervisory Board agree to and sign the resolution. 
A resolution shall set out the names of the members of the Supervisory Board and the time 
when the resolution was adopted.
6.15. The conclusion of a transaction with a member of the Supervisory Board shall be decided 
and the amount of the remuneration of the member shall be determined by the General 
Meeting. 
7. 
MANAGEMENT BOARD 
7.1. 
The Bank shall be managed by the Management Board of the Bank pursuant to law and 
the Articles of Association and within the authority granted by the General Meeting and the 
Supervisory Board. The Management Board shall develop the strategy and budget of the 
Bank, which shall be presented to the Supervisory Board for approval. The Management 
Board shall manage the everyday activities of the Bank pursuant to the strategy, budget 
and general principles of activities approved by the Supervisory Board. The Management 
Board shall monitor the activities of employees of the Bank. 
7.2. 
The Management Board shall present a report on its activities as well as on the economic 
activities and economic situation of the Bank to the Supervisory Board at least once every 
three months. The Management Board shall inform members of the Supervisory Board 
without delay of any deterioration in the economic situation of the Bank, threat thereof or 
deviation from prudential ratios. 
7.3. 
The Management Board shall consist of three (3) to nine (9) members who are elected by 
the Supervisory Board for three (3) years. 
7.4. 
The chairperson of the Management Board shall organise the work of the Management 
Board and call and chair meetings of the Management Board. If the chairperson of the 
Management Board cannot perform their duties, the Supervisory Board shall determine a 
substitute for the latter from among members of the Management Board. 
7.5. 
The chairperson of the Management Board or a member substituting for the latter shall call 
the Management Board as often as the issues of the Bank require. The chairperson of the 
Management Board or a member substituting for the latter must call a meeting of the 
Management Board at the request of a member of the Management Board or Supervisory 
Board. Resolutions of significant importance from the point of view of the Bank shall be 
adopted at a meeting of the Management Board.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
7.6. 
Meetings of the Management Board shall be held in the place determined by the 
chairperson of the Management Board in the Republic of Estonia or abroad. 
7.7. 
A meeting of the Management Board has a quorum if more than one-half of members of 
the Management Board participate in the meeting of the Management Board. A resolution 
of the Management Board shall be adopted if all the members of the Management Board 
who participated in the meeting vote in favour of the resolution. A member of the 
Management Board shall not be entitled to authorise other persons, except for another 
member of the Management Board, to participate in and vote at meetings of the 
Management Board. A member of the Management Board does not have the right to 
abstain from voting or to remain undecided. 
7.8. 
A resolution of the Management Board may be formalised without calling a meeting and a 
record of vote if all members of the Management Board agree to and sign the resolution. A 
resolution shall set out the names of the members of the Management Board and the time 
when the resolution was adopted. 
7.9. 
A person acting in the name of the Bank may not represent the Bank in concluding 
transactions or holding legal disputes with a third person with regard to whom the person 
acting in the name of the Bank or a person with an economic interest equivalent to that of 
such person has personal economic interests. 
8. 
CREDIT COMMITTEE
8.1. 
The Management Board of the Bank shall form the Credit Committee that acts pursuant to 
the principles of action approved by the Supervisory Board. The Credit Committee shall 
report to the Management Board of the Bank. 
8.2. 
The Credit Committee shall consist of at least five (5) members. The exact number shall 
be determined by the Management Board in accordance with the needs of the Bank and 
the Credit Committee. Members shall elect a chairperson from among themselves, who 
shall organise the activities of the Committee. A member of the Credit Committee is the 
chairperson of the Management Board, who may not be the chairperson of the Credit 
Committee or chair a session of the Credit Committee. 
8.3. 
Sessions of the Credit Committee shall be closed. The Credit Committee has a quorum if 
more than one-half of the members of the Committee participate. A member of the Credit 
Committee does not have the right to abstain from voting or to remain undecided. Upon an 
equal division of votes, the chairperson of the Committee shall have the deciding vote. 
8.4. 
Minutes shall be taken of sessions of the Credit Committee. The minutes shall be signed 
by all members of the Committee who participate in the session and by the recording 
secretary. The positions of members and dissenting opinions of members shall be recorded 
in the minutes. 
8.5. 
The Credit Committee does not have the right to decide on granting and renewing a loan 
that exceeds the limit established by the Supervisory Board of the Bank or granting any 
other extraordinary loan without a prior resolution of the Supervisory Board. 
9. 
INTERNAL AUDIT UNIT 
9.1. 
An independent Internal Audit Unit shall operate as part of the internal control system of 
the Bank and the Internal Audit Unit shall monitor the activities of the Bank and operate in 
accordance with the procedure provided for in the statutes approved by the Supervisory 
Board of the Bank. 
9.2. 
The Internal Audit Unit shall assess the ordinary business of the Bank and the suitability 
and adequacy of the internal rules and rules of procedure for the activities of the credit 
institution, regularly monitor compliance with the requirements, rules of procedure, 
limitations and other rules established by the Supervisory Board and the Management 
Board, and monitor compliance with precepts issued by the Financial Supervision 
Authority.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
9.3. 
The employees of the Internal Audit Unit have the right to examine all documents of the 
Bank, monitor the work of the Bank at each stage without restrictions, and participate in the 
meetings of the Management Board and the committees formed on the basis of the Articles 
of Association of the Bank. 
9.4. 
The exact number shall be determined by the Supervisory Board in accordance with the 
needs of the Bank and the Internal Audit Unit. The Supervisory Board of the Bank shall 
appoint and release from office employees and the head of the Internal Audit Unit. 
9.5. 
The head of the Internal Audit Unit shall provide overviews of the activities of the Internal 
Audit Unit to the Supervisory Board of the Bank once a year and to the Management Board 
once a half year. 
10. 
AUDIT
10.1. In order to audit the accounting and annual accounts of the Bank, the General Meeting 
shall elect an auditor for no longer than five years. 
10.2. The Management Board shall present the annual report to the auditor(s) in accordance with 
the procedure provided for by law. The auditor(s) shall present the auditor’s report to the 
Management Board within one (1) month of the receipt of the annual report. 
11. 
DISTRIBUTION OF PROFIT 
11.1. The General Meeting shall decide on the distribution of profit on the basis of the audited 
annual accounts, the profit distribution proposal of the Management Board and the opinion 
of the Supervisory Board. 
11.2. The manner, time and procedure of disbursement of dividends shall be determined by a 
resolution of the General Meeting. 
12. 
DISSOLUTION OF BANK 
12.1. The Bank shall be dissolved: 
(1) 
on the basis of a resolution of the General Meeting of shareholders of the Bank 
(voluntary dissolution) for which permission shall be applied from the Financial 
Supervision Authority; 
(2) 
by a court ruling or judgment; 
(3) 
if the authorisation of the Bank has been revoked by the Financial Supervision 
Authority or it has expired; 
(4) 
in the case of insolvency pursuant to law. 
12.2. The voluntary dissolution of the Bank shall be decided by the General Meeting. 
The Articles of Association of the Bank were approved by a resolution of the General Meeting of 
shareholders of 30 March 2023.