--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
This Public Offering, Listing and Admission to Trading Base Prospectus has been drawn up and 
published by AS Inbank (an Estonian public limited company, registered in the Estonian 
Commercial Register under register code 12001988, having its registered address at Niine 11, 
10414 Tallinn, Estonia; the Company) in connection with the public offering, listing and the 
admission to trading of the Bonds issued by the Company on the Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq 
Tallinn Stock Exchange (the Prospectus). 
The Company is publicly offering up to 35,000 bonds with the nominal value of EUR 1,000 (the 
Bonds) to institutional and retail investors in Estonia (the Offering). The Bonds will be offered in 
series during a period of 36 months whereas the issue of each series will be decided separately 
(the Programme).  
The function of this Prospectus is to give information about the Company, the Programme and the 
Bonds. Each issue and offering of the Bonds will be decided and announced separately. 
The Company will, simultaneously with the Offering, apply for the listing and the admission to 
trading of the Bonds on the Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Estonian Financial Supervision and Resolution Authority 
(the EFSA), as competent authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC (the Prospectus Regulation), on 29 November 2021 under registration number 4.3-
4.9/5753. The EFSA only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Company and the quality of the Bonds that are the subject 
of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the securities. 
Investing into Bonds involves risks. While every care has been taken to ensure that this 
Prospectus presents a fair and complete overview of the material risks related to the 
Company, the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group) and to the Bonds, 
the value of any investment in the Bonds may be adversely affected by circumstances that 
are either not evident at the date hereof or not reflected in this Prospectus. Each decision 
to invest in the Bonds must be based on the Prospectus in its entirety. Therefore, we suggest 
you familiarise yourselves with the Prospectus thoroughly.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
NOTICE TO ALL INVESTORS  
This Prospectus does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, or 
any solicitation of any offer to acquire the Bonds offered by any person in any jurisdiction 
in which such an offer or solicitation is unlawful, in particular in or into the Restricted 
Territories (as defined in Section 11 “Glossary”) or the Excluded Territories (as defined in 
Section 11 “Glossary”). The Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the 
relevant laws of any state, province or territory other than Estonia and may not be offered, 
sold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within any other jurisdiction than 
Estonia, except pursuant to an applicable exemption. 
Distribution of copies of the Prospectus or any related documents are not allowed in those 
countries where such distribution or participation in the offering of the Bonds requires any 
extra measures or is in conflict with the laws and regulations of these countries. Persons 
who receive this Prospectus or any related document should inform themselves about any 
restrictions and limitations on distribution of the information contained in this Prospectus 
and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may 
constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Such documents should 
not be distributed, forwarded to or transmitted in or into the Restricted Territories or the 
Excluded Territories. No action has been taken by the Company in relation to the Bonds or 
rights thereto or possession or distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action is required, other than in Estonia. The Company is not liable in cases where persons 
or entities take measures that are in contradiction with the restrictions mentioned in this 
paragraph. 
INFORMATION FOR UNITED STATES INVESTORS 
The Bonds have not been approved or disapproved by any United States’ regulatory 
authority. The Bonds will not be, and are not required to be, registered with the SEC under 
the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or on a United States securities 
exchange. The Company does not intend to take any action to facilitate a market for the 
Bonds in the United States. The Bonds may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or 
delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States, except pursuant to an applicable 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States. 
The Prospectus is valid until 29 November 2022. The Company is obligated to update the 
Prospectus by publishing a supplement only in case new facts, material errors or inaccuracies 
occur, and such an obligation does not apply after the end of the validity period of the Prospectus.  
 
The date of this Prospectus is 29 November 2021

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Contents 
1. 
INTRODUCTORY INFORMATION 
6 
1.1. 
Applicable Law 
6 
1.2. 
Persons Responsible 
6 
1.3. 
Presentation of Information 
7 
1.4. 
Documents Available 
8 
1.5. 
Historical Financial Information and Accounting Standards 
8 
1.6. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
9 
1.7. 
Use of Prospectus 
9 
1.8. 
Approval of Prospectus 
10 
1.9. 
Availability of Prospectus 
10 
2. 
A GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE OFFERING PROGRAMME 
11 
2.1. 
Type and Class of Bonds 
11 
2.2. 
Volume of Programme 
11 
2.3. 
Form and Registration 
11 
2.4. 
Ranking and Subordination 
11 
2.5. 
Currency 
12 
2.6. 
Interest and Yield 
12 
2.7. 
Maturity of Bonds 
12 
2.8. 
Rights Attached to Bonds 
13 
2.9. 
Transferability 
13 
2.10. 
Applicable Law 
13 
2.11. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
13 
2.12. 
Form of Final Terms 
14 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
16 
3.1. 
Introduction 
16 
3.2. 
Risks Related to the Company’s Financial Situation 
16 
3.3. 
Risks Related to the Company’s and Subsidiaries’ Business Activities and the Group’s 
Industry 
19 
3.4. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
23 
3.5. 
Political and Economic Risks 
25 
3.6. 
Risks Related to Bonds 
25 
3.7. 
Risks Related to Offering, Listing and Admission to Trading 
27 
4. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OFFERING 
29 
4.1. 
Offering 
29

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
4.2. 
Right to Participate in Offering 
29 
4.3. 
Offer Price 
29 
4.4. 
Offering Period 
29 
4.5. 
Subscription Undertakings 
29 
4.6. 
Payment 
31 
4.7. 
Distribution and Allocation 
31 
4.8. 
Settlement and Trading 
32 
4.9. 
Return of Funds 
32 
4.10. 
Cancellation of Offering 
33 
4.11. 
Conflicts of Interests 
33 
5. 
REASONS FOR OFFERING AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
34 
6. 
GENERAL CORPORATE INFORMATION AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
35 
6.1. 
General Corporate Information 
35 
7. 
SHARE CAPITAL, SHARES AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE 
36 
7.1. 
Share Capital and Shares 
36 
7.2. 
Shareholders of Company 
36 
7.3. 
Management and Key Employees’ Share Option Program 
37 
8. 
MANAGEMENT 
39 
8.1. 
Management Structure 
39 
8.2. 
Management Board 
39 
8.3. 
Supervisory Board 
41 
8.4. 
Audit Committee 
43 
8.5. 
Remuneration Committee 
43 
8.6. 
Remuneration and Benefits 
43 
8.7. 
Share Ownership 
44 
8.8. 
Conflicts of Interests 
45 
8.9. 
Statement of Compliance with Corporate Governance 
45 
8.10. 
Statutory Auditors 
45 
9. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
46 
9.1. 
History and Development of Group 
46 
9.2. 
Group Structure, Group Companies and Affiliated Companies of the Company 
48 
9.3. 
Business Segments 
49 
9.4. 
Geographical Markets 
50 
9.5. 
Investments 
50 
9.6. 
Material Agreements 
50

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
9.7. 
Trend Information 
51 
9.8. 
Legal Proceedings 
51 
10. TAXATION 
53 
11. GLOSSARY 
55 
12. INDEX OF SCHEDULES 
58 
Schedule 1: Terms and Conditions of Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds 
60 
Schedule 2: Articles of Association of the Company 
72

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTORY INFORMATION 
1.1. Applicable Law 
The Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and in 
accordance with the Delegated Regulation1. The Prospectus comprises of a registration document 
of the Company drawn up in accordance with Annex 6 of the Delegated Regulation and a securities 
note of the Bonds drawn up in accordance with Annex 14 of the Delegated Regulation. 
This Prospectus is governed by Estonian law. Any disputes arising in connection with the Offering 
shall be settled by Harju County Court (Harju Maakohus) in Estonia unless the exclusive jurisdiction 
of any other court is provided for by the provisions of law, which cannot be derogated from by an 
agreement of the parties. The investor may be required under national law to bear the costs of 
translating the Prospectus before being able to bring a claim to the court in relation to this 
Prospectus. 
Before reading this Prospectus, please take notice of the following important introductory 
information.  
1.2. Persons Responsible 
The person responsible for the information given in this Prospectus is the Company. The Company 
accepts responsibility for the fullness and correctness of the information contained in this 
Prospectus as of the date hereof. Having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, 
the Company believes that the information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of the 
Company's knowledge, in accordance with the facts, and contains no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
 
AS Inbank 
Jaanus Kõusaar 
 
Member of the Management Board 
 
[signed electronically] 
 
Without prejudice to the above, no responsibility is accepted by the persons responsible for the 
information given in this Prospectus solely on the basis of the summary of any series issued under 
this Prospectus, including any translation thereof, unless such summary is misleading, inaccurate 
or inconsistent, when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, or where it does not 
provide, when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, key information in order to 
aid investors when considering whether to invest in Bonds. 
 
1 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission 
Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 (the Delegated Regulation).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
1.3. Presentation of Information 
Final Terms and Reading the Prospectus. The Bonds are issued in series and both the conditions 
and information in this Prospectus and the Final Terms of each series drawn up specifically for the 
respective series (the Final Terms) are applicable to the Bonds in each such series. The Prospectus 
should be read together with all supplements and in respect of each series of bonds with the Final 
Terms of such series. The Final Terms of each series will be published together with the summary 
drawn up for such series at https://inbank.ee/en/investor/bonds. The Final Terms and summary of 
the separate series are not approved by the EFSA or any other supervisory authority, but will be 
filed with the EFSA. 
Approximation of Numbers. Numerical and quantitative values in this Prospectus (e.g. monetary 
values, percentage values, etc.) are presented with such precision which is deemed by the 
Company to be sufficient in order to convey adequate and appropriate information on the relevant 
matter. From time to time, quantitative values have been rounded up to the nearest reasonable 
decimal or whole value in order to avoid excessive level of detail. As a result, certain values 
presented as percentages do not necessarily add up to 100% due to the effects of approximation. 
Exact numbers may be derived from the Financial Statements to the extent that the relevant 
information is reflected therein. 
Currencies. In this Prospectus, financial information is presented in euro (EUR), the official currency 
of the European Union Member States in the Eurozone. 
Date of Information. This Prospectus is drawn up based on information which was valid as of the 
date of the Prospectus. Where not expressly indicated otherwise, all information presented in this 
Prospectus (including the consolidated financial information of the Company, the facts concerning 
its operations and any information on the markets in which it operates) must be understood to 
refer to the state of affairs as of the aforementioned date. Where information is presented as of a 
date other than the date of the Prospectus, this is identified by specifying the relevant date. 
Third Party Information and Market Information. For portions of this Prospectus, certain 
information may have been sourced from third parties. Such information is accurately reproduced 
and as far as the Company is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by 
such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. Where information has been sourced from third parties, a reference to 
the respective source has been provided together with such information where presented in this 
Prospectus. Certain information with respect to the markets in which the Company and its 
Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 11 “Glossary”) operate is based on the best assessment made 
by the Management (as defined in Section 11 "Glossary"). With respect to the industry in which the 
Company and its Subsidiaries are active and certain jurisdictions in which they conduct their 
operations, reliable market information is often not available or is incomplete. While every 
reasonable care was taken to provide best possible assessments of the relevant market situation 
and the information on the relevant industry, such information may not be relied upon as final and 
conclusive. Investors are encouraged to conduct their own investigation of the relevant markets or 
employ a professional consultant. 
Updates. The Company will update the information contained in this Prospectus only to such 
extent and at such intervals and by such means as required by the applicable law or considered

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
necessary and appropriate by the Management. The Company is under no obligation to update or 
modify forward-looking statements included in this Prospectus (please see Section 1.6 "Forward-
Looking Statements" below). 
Definitions of Terms. In this Prospectus, capitalised terms have the meaning ascribed to them in 
Section 11 "Glossary", with the exception of such cases where the context evidently requires the 
contrary, whereas the singular shall include plural and vice versa. Other terms may be defined 
elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
Hyperlinks to Websites. This Prospectus contains hyperlinks to websites. The information on the 
websites does not form part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
EFSA, except for hyperlinks to information that is incorporated by reference. 
1.4. Documents Available 
In addition to this Prospectus, certain additional documents and information on the Group, such 
as the up to date Articles of Association and historical financial data of the Company and the 
Subsidiaries may be obtained from the website of the Company at https://inbank.ee/en/investor. 
All information presented on the Company’s website which has not been incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus does not form part of the Prospectus. 
1.5. Historical Financial Information and Accounting Standards 
The following historical financial information has been incorporated into this Prospectus by 
reference: 
(i) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of and for the year ended 31 December 
2020 (available at 
https://inbank.ee/documents/ee/en/pdf/reports/annual_report_2020.pdf,  
pages 35-111, auditor’s report on pages 112-117),  
(ii) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of and for the year ended 31 December 
2019 (available at 
https://inbank.ee/documents/ee/en/pdf/reports/annual_report_2019.pdf, 
pages 33-89, auditor’s report on pages 90-95) ((i) and (ii) together the Audited 
Financial Statements), 
(iii) 
the consolidated unaudited interim financial statements for 9 months of 2021 ended 
on 30 September 2021 (available at 
https://inbank.ee/documents/ee/en/pdf/reports/interim_report_2021_q3.pdf,  
pages 3-28) (the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements). 
The Audited Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union. The Unaudited Interim Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standards (IAS) 34, 
Interim Financial Reporting.   
All financial information included in the prospectus as at 30 September 2021 is derived from the 
Issuer’s consolidated unaudited interim financial statements for 9 months of 2021 ended on 
30 September 2021.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
The Audited Financial Statements are audited by Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers (address 
Pärnu mnt 15, 10141 Tallinn, Estonia). Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of the 
Estonian Auditors’ Association. 
The financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December, the amounts are presented in 
thousand euros unless otherwise indicated. The official language of the Financial Statements of 
the Company is Estonian. The Estonian version must be proceeded from in the event of a conflict 
with English or any other language. 
1.6. Forward-Looking Statements 
This Prospectus includes forward-looking statements (notably under Section 3 “Risk Factors”, 
Section 9 “Business Overview” and Section 5 “Reasons for Offering and Use of Proceeds”). Such 
forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and projections about future 
events, which are in turn made on the basis of the best judgment of the Management. Certain 
statements are based on the beliefs of the Management as well as assumptions made by and 
information currently available to the Management. Any forward-looking statements included in 
this Prospectus are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the future operations of 
the Group, the macro-economic environment and other similar factors. 
In particular, such forward-looking statements may be identified by use of words such as “strategy”, 
“expect”, “plan”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “will”, “continue”, “estimate”, “intend”, “project”, “goals”, 
“targets” and other words and expressions of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements can 
also be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. As with 
any projection or forecast, they are inherently susceptible to uncertainty and changes in 
circumstances, and the Company is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation 
to, update or alter its forward-looking statements contained in this Prospectus whether as a result 
of such changes, new information, subsequent events or otherwise. 
The validity and accuracy of any forward-looking statements is affected by the fact that the Group 
operates in a highly competitive business. This business is affected by changes in domestic and 
foreign laws and regulations (including those of the European Union), taxes, developments in 
competition, economic, strategic, political and social conditions, consumer response to new and 
existing products and technological developments and other factors. The Group’s actual results 
may differ materially from the Management’s expectations because of the changes in such factors. 
Other factors and risks could adversely affect the operations, business or financial results of the 
Group (please see Section 3 “Risk Factors” for a discussion of the risks which are identifiable and 
deemed material at the date hereof). 
1.7. Use of Prospectus 
This Prospectus is prepared solely for the purposes of the Offering of the Bonds and listing and 
the admission to trading of the Bonds on the Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange. 
The Prospectus is not published in any jurisdiction other than Estonia and consequently the 
dissemination of this Prospectus in other countries may be restricted or prohibited by law. This 
Prospectus may not be used for any other purpose than for making the decision of participating in 
the Offering or investing into the Bonds. You may not copy, reproduce (other than for private and

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
non-commercial use) or disseminate this Prospectus without express written permission from the 
Company. 
1.8. Approval of Prospectus 
This Prospectus has been approved by the EFSA, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation, on 29 November 2021 under registration number 4.3-4.9/5753. The EFSA only 
approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Company and the quality of the Bonds that are the subject of this Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Bonds. 
1.9. Availability of Prospectus 
This Prospectus will be published by means of a stock exchange release through the information 
system of Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange. The Prospectus is also available as of 29 November 2021 
in an electronic format on the website of the EFSA (https://www.fi.ee) and on the website of the 
Company (https://inbank.ee/en/investor/bonds). Any interested party may request delivery of an 
electronic copy of the Prospectus, the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds and the financial reports 
of the Company from the Company without charge. Paper copy of the Prospectus can be obtained 
at the premises of the Company (address Niine tn 11, Tallinn 10414, Estonia) by any interested 
party upon request. Delivery of the Prospectus is limited to the jurisdictions in which the offering 
to the public is being made, i.e. to Estonia.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
2. 
A GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE OFFERING PROGRAMME 
2.1. Type and Class of Bonds 
The Bonds are subordinated bonds with the nominal value of EUR 1,000. The Bonds represent an 
unsecured debt obligation of the Company before the bondholder. 
2.2. Volume of Programme 
The Volume of the Programme is up to 35,000,000 euros, i.e. up to 35,000 Bonds can be issued under 
the Programme. The Bonds will be issued in series whereas the amount of Bonds issued, their final 
terms and the timing of the issue will be decided by the Company at its discretion and published 
separately through the information system of Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange and the website of the 
Company (https://inbank.ee/en/investor/announcements). The Programme has been approved by a 
decision of the Supervisory Board of the Company of 31 October 2021. The Final Terms of the Bonds 
issued under the Programme will be decided by the Management Board of the Company separately 
for each series. 
2.3. Form and Registration 
The Bonds are in dematerialised book-entry form and are not numbered. The Bonds are registered 
in Nasdaq CSD, address Maakri 19/1, 10145 Tallinn. 
2.4. Ranking and Subordination 
The Bonds have not been rated by any credit rating agencies. 
The Bonds are subordinated to all unsubordinated claims against the Company. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Bonds are not subordinated to the claims, which are subordinated to the Bonds or 
which rank pari passu with the Bonds. The subordination of the Bonds means that upon the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Company, all the claims arising from the Bonds shall fall due in 
accordance with the Terms of the Bonds and shall be satisfied only after the full satisfaction of all 
unsubordinated recognised claims against the Company in accordance with the applicable law. 
Therefore, upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Company, the bondholders of the Bonds are 
not entitled to any payments due under the Terms of the Bonds until the full and due satisfaction of 
all the unsubordinated claims against the Company.  
Furthermore, any liability arising under the Bonds may be subject to the exercise of Bail-In Powers 
by the relevant Resolution Authority in cases where the Company or any Group company meets the 
conditions for the initiation of resolution proceedings (i.e. fails or is likely to fail and certain other 
conditions are met). Exercising the Bail-in Powers is subject to numerous preconditions and will only 
be used as a last resort; however, if the powers are exercised, it is possible that: (a) the amount 
outstanding of the Bonds is reduced, including to zero; (b) the Bonds are converted into shares, 
other securities or other instruments of the Company or another person; (c) the Bonds or the 
outstanding amounts of the Bonds are cancelled; and/or (d) the Bond Terms are altered (e.g. the 
maturity date or interest rate of the Bonds could be changed). Therefore, if a Group company meets 
the conditions for the initiation of resolution proceedings, the exercising of the Bail-in Powers by the 
relevant Resolution Authority may result in material losses for the bondholders. Financial public 
support will only be used as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent

--- Page 12 ---
12 
practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. Consent of the bondholders is not 
necessary for affecting bail-in measures by the relevant Resolution Authority. 
As long as there are no liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings initiated against the Company, all 
claims arising from the Bonds shall be satisfied in accordance with the Terms of the Bonds and the 
applicable law. 
2.5. Currency 
The Bonds are denominated in euros.  
2.6. Interest and Yield 
The Bonds carry an annual coupon interest at the rate provided in the Final Terms, calculated from 
the date of issue of the Bonds until the date of redemption. The frequency of the interest payments 
has been provided in the Final Terms. The interest on the Bonds is calculated based on the 30-day 
calendar month and 360-day calendar year (30/360). 
2.7. Maturity of Bonds 
The Bonds are issued with a maturity of 10 years.  
According to the Terms of the Bonds, the Company is entitled to redeem the Bonds prematurely at 
any time after the lapse of 5 years as from the date of issue by notifying the bondholders at least 30 
days in advance. The Company is further entitled to redeem the Bonds prematurely before the lapse 
of the 5-year term if there is a change in the regulative classification of the Bonds resulting in the 
Bonds being, in the opinion of the Company, excluded from the classification as own funds of a credit 
institution or if there is a significant change in the taxation regime applicable in respect of the Bonds, 
provided that the Company was not in a position to foresee such changes upon the issue of the 
Bonds. 
The Bonds may be redeemed prematurely by the Company on the above-described grounds only if 
the EFSA has granted its consent to the early redemption. The EFSA may grant its consent for the 
early redemption of the Bonds as from the date when 5 years have passed from their issuance only 
if the conditions of Article 78(1) of the CRR2, as amended by CRR II3 are met. The EFSA may grant its 
consent for the early redemption of the Bonds before the date when 5 years have passed from their 
issuance only if the conditions of Article 78(4) of the CRR, as amended by CRR II are met.4 
The bondholders are not entitled to claim early redemption of the Bonds under any circumstances. 
 
2 Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (the CRR). 
3 Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (the CRR II). 
4 Article 78 of the CRR, as amended by CRR II regulates the conditions of granting supervisory permission for reducing own 
funds, whereas the aim of the regulation as a whole is to ensure due compliance with the capital adequacy requirements 
applicable in respect of credit institutions and investment firms.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
2.8. Rights Attached to Bonds 
The rights attached to the Bonds have been established by the Terms of the Bonds, which are 
included in this Prospectus as Schedule 1. The main rights of bondholders arising from the Bonds 
and the Terms of the Bonds are the right to the redemption of the Bonds and the right to receive 
payment of interest. 
In addition to the right to the redemption of the Bonds and the right to receive payment of interest, 
upon a delay in making any payments due under the Terms of the Bonds, the bondholders are 
entitled to a delay interest at the rate of 0.025% per each day in delay. 
The rights arising from the Bonds can be exercised by the bondholders in accordance with the Terms 
of the Bonds and the applicable law. According to the Terms of the Bonds any dispute between the 
Company and a bondholder shall be solved by amicable negotiations and if the amicable 
negotiations have no outcome during a reasonable period of time, the dispute shall be settled by 
Estonian courts, whereas Harju County Court shall be the court of first instance. Claims arising from 
the Bonds shall expire in accordance with the statutory terms arising from applicable law. 
After the contemplated listing of the Bonds on the Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock 
Exchange, information will be disclosed via the information system of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock 
Exchange. 
2.9. Transferability 
The Bonds are freely transferable; however, any bondholder wishing to transfer the Bonds must 
ensure that any offering related to such a transfer would not be qualified as requiring the publication 
of a prospectus in accordance with the applicable law. According to the Terms of the Bonds, ensuring 
that any offering of the Bonds does require the publication of a prospectus in accordance with the 
applicable law is the obligation and liability of the bondholder. 
2.10. 
Applicable Law 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with and are governed by the laws of the Republic of Estonia 
unless the exclusive jurisdiction of any other court is provided for by the provisions of law, which 
cannot be derogated from by an agreement of the parties. 
2.11. 
Listing and Admission to Trading  
The Company intends to apply for the listing and admission to trading of the Bonds on the Baltic 
Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange. The expected date of listing and the admission to 
trading of the Bonds is specified in the Final Terms of the Bonds. While every effort will be made and 
due care will be taken in order to ensure the listing and the admission to trading of the Bonds by the 
Company, the Company cannot ensure that the Bonds are listed and admitted to trading on the 
Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange. Should the Bonds not be listed and admitted 
to trading on the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange, it is likely that a secondary market for the Bonds 
will not develop, there will not be a public and independent market price for the Bonds, and an 
investor may not be able to follow their investment thesis as envisaged, including in particular in 
respect of sale of the Bonds.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
2.12. 
Form of Final Terms 
FINAL TERMS OF THE BONDS 
[Date] 
AS INBANK 
Issue of EUR [Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Series] Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds 
under the EUR 35,000,000 Bond Programme 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds. This document constitutes the Final Terms for the 
Bonds described herein and must be read in conjunction with such Terms and with the base 
prospectus drawn up by the Company, dated 29 November 2021 (the “Prospectus”). Full information 
on the Company and the offer of the Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms, the Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus is available for viewing through the 
Company’s website (https://inbank.ee/en/investor/bonds). 
A summary of this series has been appended to these Final Terms. The Final Terms have been 
approved by a decision of the Company’s Management Board of [date]. The Final Terms have been 
filed with the EFSA but are not subject to approval proceedings. 
1.  
Issuer 
AS Inbank 
2.  
Number of series 
[       ] 
3.  
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount of the Series 
EUR [amount]. [The Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
series may be increased by the Company up to EUR 
[amount] until the Issue Date] 
4.  
Issue currency 
EUR 
5.  
Nominal Amount 
EUR 1,000 
6.  
Issue Price  
100% of the original Nominal Amount 
7.  
Issue Date and Interest 
Commencement Date 
[date] 
8.  
Maturity Date 
[date] 
9.  
Redemption/Payment 
Basis 
Redemption at par 
10.  
Interest 
 
11.  
i. Calculation basis 
Fixed interest 
12.  
ii. Interest Payment Dates 
[description] 
 
iii. Interest Rate 
[number]% per annum 
 
iv. 
Interest 
calculation 
method 
30/360

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
v. Rate of delay interest 
0.025% per day 
13.  
Yield 
[number]% per annum. Yield is calculated based on the 
Nominal Amount and on the Issue Date. Actual yield 
may differ depending on the price paid for a specific 
bond by an investor  
14.  
Subscription Period 
[beginning and end times of period] 
15.  
ISIN code 
[code] 
16.  
Listing and admission to 
trading 
Application will be made to the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock 
Exchange for the Bonds to be admitted to the Baltic 
Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange 
 
 
Signed on behalf of AS Inbank  
 
______ 
Date:

--- Page 16 ---
16 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1. Introduction  
Investing into the Bonds issued by the Company entails various risks. Each prospective investor in 
the Bonds should thoroughly consider all the information in this Prospectus, including the risk 
factors described below. Any of the risk factors described below, or additional risks not currently 
known to the Management or not considered significant by the Management, could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, operations or prospects of the Company and its 
Group and result in a corresponding decline in the value of the Bonds or the ability of the Company 
to redeem the Bonds. As a result, investors could lose a part or all of the value of their investments. 
The Management believes that the factors described below present the principal risks inherent in 
investing into the Bonds. The risk factors are presented in categories and where a risk factor may be 
categorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant 
category for such risk factor. The most material risk factor in a category is presented first under that 
category, the assessment of materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact, disclosed by rating the relevant 
risk as low, medium or high. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order 
of materiality or probability of occurrence.  
This Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice or an investment 
recommendation to acquire the Bonds. Each prospective investor must determine, based on its own 
independent review and analysis and such professional advice as it deems necessary and 
appropriate, whether an investment into the Bonds is consistent with its financial needs and 
investment objectives and whether such investment is consistent with any rules, requirements and 
restrictions as may be applicable to that investor, such as investment policies and guidelines, laws 
and regulations of the relevant authorities, etc. 
3.2. Risks Related to the Company’s Financial Situation 
Counterparty Credit Risk. Counterparty credit risk is inherent to the core operations of the Group. 
Uncollateralised consumer lending to households is the Group’s key activity, accounting for 99% of 
total loan portfolio as of 30 September 2021. The Group considers credit risk as the risk of potential 
loss which may arise from counterparty's inability to meet its obligations to the Group companies. 
Credit risk affects cash and cash equivalents held with third parties (such as deposits with banks and 
other financial institutions), bonds, but mostly credit exposures to customers, including outstanding 
loans, as well as other receivables and commitments. The Group may also be exposed to credit risk 
through potential transactions with derivatives etc. The Group makes provisions for potential credit 
losses in accordance with the applicable requirements, including the IFRS requirements; however, 
such provisions are made based on the available information, estimates and assumptions, which by 
definition are subject to certain amount of uncertainty. Therefore, there can be no assurance that 
provisions are sufficient to cover potential losses. As of 30 September 2021, the Group’s gross loan 
portfolio was EUR 552 million, whereas impairment allowances constituted EUR 11 million. In 
addition, the recoverability of the credit provided to customers may be adversely affected by 
negative changes in the overall economic, political or regulatory environment (including the impacts 
of COVID-19), decrease in collateral values and other circumstances beyond the control of the Group. 
Materialisation of credit risk may have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial

--- Page 17 ---
17 
condition and results of operations. The Group’s risk profile for counterparty credit risk is considered 
as high. 
Geographical Markets Risk. The Group offers loans on four geographical markets – Estonia, Latvia, 
Lithuania and Poland. As of 30 September 2021, the Group’s loan portfolio attributable to the Polish 
market was the highest accounting for 37% of the Group’s total loan portfolio, followed by the 
Estonian market with 30%, the Lithuanian market with 26% and the Latvian market with 7%. 
Therefore, any adverse event or development especially in Poland and Estonia may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial condition and results of operations. The Group’s 
risk profile for geographical markets risk is considered as medium. 
Concentration Risk. The Group considers concentration risk as part of counterparty credit risk, to 
which the Group is subject due to the operations of the Group. Concentration risk is a risk arising 
from a large risk exposure to one counterparty or related counterparties or multiple counterparties 
impacted by a single risk factor. The Group addresses assets associated with one counterparty, 
related counterparties and one industry, region or risk factor as part of concentration risk. As the 
Group’s main business involves uncollateralised consumer lending to households, it makes the 
Group exposed to the changes in the solvency of households that are impacted by the 
unemployment rate, level of wages etc. Furthermore, as of 30 September 2021, the Group had no 
receivables that exceeded 10% of the Group’s own funds. The materialisation of concentration risk 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and results of 
operations. The Group’s risk profile for concentration risk is considered as low. 
Market Risk. Market risk arises primarily from the Group’s mismatched interest rate exposures 
between loans and deposits and open foreign currency positions. Market risk is the risk of potential 
loss which may arise from unfavourable changes in interest rates or foreign exchange rates. The 
Group is naturally exposed to the interest rate risk due to changes in the maturities and interest 
rates of loans and/or deposits. Within the Group, internal judgement and know-how is used to assess 
and avoid potential market losses; however, such internal judgement may turn out to be inaccurate 
due to changes in the financial markets not foreseen at the time of making the judgement. In order 
to mitigate the market risk, conservative limits have been established for open market risk and 
foreign currency exposures of the Group, but despite the measures taken by the Group, the market 
risk may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial condition and results of 
operations. Further description of the types of market risk is provided below. The Group’s risk profile 
for market risk is considered as low. 
Interest Rate Risk. The operations of the Group and foremost the operations of the Company are 
inherently exposed to interest rate risk. Interest rate risk arises due to the fluctuations of market 
interest rates over time, while the Group’s business involves intermediation activity that produces 
exposures to both maturity mismatch (e.g. long-maturity assets funded by short-maturity liabilities) 
and rate mismatch (e.g. variable rate loans funded by fixed rate deposits). The Company is 
responsible for the management of interest rate risk of the Subsidiaries. The profitability of the 
Group depends on the difference between the interest it charges from its debtors and the interest 
it pays to its creditors (net interest). The amount of net interest income earned by the Group 
companies materially affects the revenues and the profitability of the operations of the Group. 
Interest rates are currently at a historic low and it should be expected that interest rates will at one 
point in time start to rise, whereas the timing of such change is not entirely predictable. Interest 
rates are affected by numerous factors beyond the control of the Group companies, which may not

--- Page 18 ---
18 
be estimated adequately. Such factors include the changes in the overall economic environment, 
level of inflation, monetary policies of states, etc. Therefore, interest rate risk may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and results of operations. As of 
30 September 2021, a 1 percentage point increase in market interest rates would raise the Group’s 
economic value, i.e. equity, by EUR +1,708 thousand. At the same time, a decrease of 1 percentage 
point in market interest rates would affect the Group’s economic value (equity) by EUR -478 
thousand. An increase of 1 percentage point in interest rates would affect the Group’s annual net 
interest income and profit by EUR +1,354 thousand while a decrease of 1 percentage point in interest 
rates would affect the Group’s annual net interest income (profit) by EUR -639 thousand. The Group’s 
risk profile for interest rate risk is considered as low. 
Foreign Currency Risk. The Group operates in an international environment and, accordingly, is 
exposed to foreign currency risk. It arises from the Group’s activities through the Inbank Poland 
branch by offering consumer financing and accepting public deposits denominated in Polish zloty. 
Foreign exchange rates may be affected by complex political and economic factors, including relative 
rates of inflation, interest rate levels, the balance of payments between countries, the extent of any 
governmental surplus or deficit, and from the monetary, fiscal and trade policies pursued by the 
governments of the relevant currencies. Devaluation, depreciation or appreciation of foreign 
currency may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Group's assets denominated in 
foreign currency or increase the euro value of the Group's foreign currency liabilities. Although the 
Group's foreign currency risk management is based on risk policies, limits and internal procedures, 
it may turn out to be inadequate and therefore, foreign currency risk may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and results of operations. According to the 
scenario analysis, as of 30 September 2021, the impact of a 10% exchange rate change in an 
unfavourable direction on all the Group’s foreign currency positions would be EUR 111 thousand. 
The Group’s risk profile for foreign currency risk is considered as low. 
Liquidity Risk and Dependence on Access to Funding Resources. Liquidity risk relates to the ability 
of the Group to meet its contractual obligations on time and it arises from differences between 
maturities of assets and liabilities. Due to its business activities, the maturity of the assets of the 
Group (e.g. loans to its customers) tend to be longer than the maturity of its liabilities (e.g. term 
deposits). The Group’s liquidity management and strategy is based on risk policies, resulting in 
various liquidity risk measures, limits and internal procedures. As per policy statements, the Group’s 
liquidity management reflects a conservative approach towards liquidity risk. Such risk policies and 
internal procedures may, however, not be adequate or sufficient in order to ensure the Group’s 
access to funding resources when needed, to the extent needed or on favourable terms in order to 
ensure sufficient liquidity. The Group is fully compliant with the Basel III metrics – the Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). The aim of the LCR standard is to 
ensure that the Group has an adequate amount of unencumbered assets of high quality and liquidity 
that could be monetised without incurring material losses to meet a liquidity requirement in a 30-
day stress scenario while NSFR ensures adequate stable funding sources to finance longer-term 
assets. The Group’s LCR and NSFR as of 30 September 2021 were respectively 2140% and 127% while 
the regulatory minimum requirement for both metrics is set at 100%. The Company’s outstanding 
Tier 2 subordinated bonds (ISIN EE3300110964) with a total volume of EUR 6.5 million are about to 
mature on 28 September 2026 and Tier 2 subordinated bonds (ISIN EE3300001544) with a total 
volume of EUR 8 million are about to mature on 19 December 2029. In order to meet its obligations 
before the holders of the bonds and to continue the growth and development in accordance with

--- Page 19 ---
19 
current strategy and business plan, the Group needs to raise additional funding, which may turn out 
not to be successful. Materialisation of the risks related to liquidity and failure to obtain sufficient 
funding for operations or the increased costs or unfavourable terms of financing or refinancing 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Furthermore, the Group may encounter difficulties in financing its capital needs, which 
may prevent the realisation of its strategic plans and could result in the Group having to forgo 
opportunities that may arise in the future. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s competitive position. The Group’s risk profile for liquidity risk is considered as medium. 
3.3. Risks Related to the Company’s and Subsidiaries’ Business Activities and the Group’s 
Industry 
Strategic Risk. Strategic risk is a possible source of loss that might arise from the pursuit of wrong 
strategic decisions. For reasons of corporate growth, the Group’s strategic risk is estimated to exceed 
the strategic risk of a bank positioned in a stable stage. The Group’s strategic risk is mitigated 
through well-considered business plans and analyses, as well as engaging professionals with long-
term experience in the banking sector and/or entrepreneurship as the members of management 
and supervisory boards of the Group companies. Further, entries into new markets and sectors are 
always preceded by an in-depth analysis and engaging experts in the particular field, where 
necessary. However, despite the measures taken by the Group, the materialisation of strategic risk 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial condition and results of 
operations. The Group’s risk profile for strategic risk is considered as high. 
Operational Risk. Operational risk is a risk of potential loss caused by people, internal processes, 
system failures and external events. The definition includes legal and compliance risks, but excludes 
strategic and reputational risks. In addition, operational risk also embraces the risk of corporate 
fraud and misconduct. Risk of loss includes any actual or potential as well as direct or indirect loss 
caused by operational risk events. For the Group the realisation of such risks could lead to a 
disruption in provision of services, non-conformity with applicable requirements and financial 
losses. The prior is true especially due to the Group relying strongly on the effective functioning of 
its processes and systems. The Group manages operational risk based on an established operational 
risk policy. The Group’s working procedures are reviewed periodically to ensure minimising human 
and process flaws, and the information systems and operations are monitored constantly in order 
to identify risks, flaws or fraud, to minimise the potential loss arising therefrom, however, the risk of 
such losses cannot be eliminated altogether. The Group may, despite its efforts, fail to mitigate all 
risks and the operational risk may have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial 
condition and results of business operations. The actual risk profile of the Company’s operational 
risk during 2020 has been in accordance with the risk appetite set by the Supervisory Board, the real 
losses from operational risk have remained low. In 2020, the real losses to own funds of the Group 
constituted 1.0% (0.6% in 2019). As of 30 September 2021, the Group’s year-to-date operational risk 
losses accounted for 0.002% of the Group’s own funds. The general Group’s risk profile for 
operational risk is considered as medium. 
Dependency on Information Technology Systems and Risk of Cyber-Attacks. The Group has developed 
and uses a variety of custom-made information technology systems and web-based solutions in 
carrying out its everyday business operations and providing services to its clients. The business 
model of the Group is specifically built upon providing its services with the help of innovative 
information technology solutions. The dependency on such systems is further increasing in time

--- Page 20 ---
20 
with the spread of online and mobile banking services and the development of cloud computing. 
This means that the Group is exceedingly open to risks over which it has no control, including system-
wide failures of communication infrastructure, quality and reliability of equipment and software 
supplied by third parties and other similar risks. Furthermore, should the Group experience a 
significant security breakdown or other significant disruption to its information technology systems, 
sensitive information could be compromised, which in turn could result in civil and administrative 
liability for the Group companies before its customers, counterparties and state authorities, as well 
as in a general decrease in the trustworthiness of the Group and consequently in the demand for its 
services. The Group has made significant investments into developing well-functioning and secure 
information technology systems and is constantly working on improving such systems and 
developing adequate contingency procedures; however, the Group may, despite its efforts, fail to 
mitigate all risks or fail to take appropriate and effective countermeasures if its information 
technology systems fall under attack, which in turn may have material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operations, financial condition and results of operations. The Group’s risk profile for information 
technology systems risk is considered as medium. 
Dependency on Qualified Staff. The results of operations of the Group depend highly on the ability to 
engage and retain qualified, skilled and experienced staff. Aside from the information technological 
systems, the existence of qualified, skilled and experienced staff is one of the other key factors 
enabling the Group companies to operate profitably and to grow further. In the highly competitive 
environment of the financial sector in which the Group companies compete and considering the 
Group’s expansion targets, the Group companies must make continuous efforts to attract new 
qualified personnel and motivate existing management and employees. Regulatory restrictions 
applicable to the Company, such as the limits on certain types of remuneration paid by credit 
institutions and investment firms set forth in CRD IV5 and further developed in CRD V6, could 
adversely affect the Group’s ability to attract new qualified personnel and retain and motivate 
existing employees. Each of the Group’s employees has one’s own responsibility area and speciality 
which only slightly overlap with other colleagues. Any loss of the services of key employees, 
particularly to competitors, or the inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial condition and results of operations. The 
Group’s risk profile for dependency on qualified staff is considered as medium. 
COVID-19 related Risks. The break-out of the COVID-19 (also known as SARS-CoV-2) pandemic and 
the global health and economic crisis that followed has had and is continuously having a material 
adverse effect on the global economy. Everyday business and the economy in general in the Group’s 
main markets have also been and may continue to be negatively affected by the COVID-19 crisis, 
which contributed to a climate of macroeconomic uncertainty, disruption and significant volatility in 
the financial markets. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and, to date, has led to 
the implementation of significant measures by the Government of the Republic of Estonia and other 
competent authorities in the Group’s target markets intended to control the outbreak, including 
lockdowns, restriction of human movement and social distancing, mandatory closures of 
businesses, quarantines and travel bans. In addition, the Group has also taken precautions, such as 
 
5 Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (the CRD IV). 
6 Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as 
regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures (the CRD V).

--- Page 21 ---
21 
requiring employees to work remotely where possible, promoting vaccination, adopting social 
distancing at workplaces, implementing precautionary hygiene measures and, as a result, the Group 
did not face closure of operations due to COVID-19. These governmental and managerial measures 
and precautions, and any future prevention and mitigation measures related to COVID-19 or other 
widespread public health concerns significantly reduced and may continue to reduce in the future 
economic activity, and caused an adverse impact on economic conditions and on business and 
consumer confidence and spending, both in Estonia and throughout the world which could 
materially adversely affect demand for the Group’s products and services. Although COVID-19 
vaccination programs are progressing, as at the date of this Prospectus such measures continue to 
impact economic activity. The COVID-19 pandemic could continue to adversely affect the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations in the future. Such future effects may be 
material, and include, but are not limited to temporarily amending terms and conditions of the 
products and services of the Group to avoid defaults by the clients of the Group. The extent to which 
the COVID-19 pandemic ultimately impacts the Group’s business depends on future developments, 
including the duration, spread and intensity of the outbreak and the implementation of prevention 
and mitigation measures, which are uncertain and difficult to predict. There can also be no 
assurances that a potential tightening of liquidity conditions in the future as a result of, for example, 
further deterioration of public finances will not lead to new funding uncertainty, resulting in 
increased volatility and widening credit spreads. If the COVID-19 pandemic becomes more 
pronounced, or if widespread public health concerns occur in the future, the Group’s business, 
financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Considering 
that by the date of this Prospectus, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a significant adverse effect 
on the Group’s operations and results of operations, the Company considers the COVID-19 related 
risks medium.  
Reputational Risk. Reputational risk is a risk of loss resulting from any deterioration of the Group’s 
reputation. In the banking sector, where the Group companies and most notably the Company 
operate, a good reputation is paramount. As the Company obtained a banking license and started 
operating under a new business name (Inbank) only six years ago, the development of a strong 
brand and good reputation is especially important for the Company, and thus the Company is more 
susceptible to reputational risk than older and well-established brands in the financial sector. The 
reputation affects the trustworthiness of the Company which is the principal basis for conducting 
the business in the sector. Reputational risk can, above all, be attributed to the materialisation of 
other risks, such as operational, strategic, compliance risks or exposure to civil liability. The Group 
mitigates the reputational risk by carrying out regular risk management trainings as well as by 
continually improving the Group-wide risk management framework, thus ensuring a strong risk 
culture. However, the measures taken by the Group may prove to be ineffective or insufficient and 
further, in addition to factors directly attributable to the Group companies and their employees, the 
reputation of the Group is affected by circumstances beyond the control of the Group, such as the 
conduct of its business partners, whom the Group has over 4,500, or information circulating in the 
media. Any deterioration of the Group’s reputation in the eyes of customers, business partners, 
owners, employees, investors or supervisory authorities may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operations, financial condition and results of operations, including the Company’s ability to 
attract deposits and secure funding on favourable terms. The Group’s risk profile for reputational 
risk is considered as low.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Competitive Market. The Group operates in the four main geographical markets where the Group is 
present (i.e. Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland), which are all highly competitive markets. In 
addition to the licenced credit institutions and branches of foreign banks present in the geographical 
markets where the Group operates, there are market participants (financial institutions, e.g. 
creditors) who are not subject to regulatory and capital requirements as burdensome as the Group 
companies, and who therefore may have a competitive advantage over the Group companies on the 
relevant market. Furthermore, recent trends in the crediting and lending market may be 
characterised by the development of new products and solutions, which compete with the more 
conservative and traditional products and services offered by the Group. Often such alternative 
service providers are able to offer more favourable terms than the Group companies, which may 
result in price pressure on the products and services offered by the Group. If the Group fails to 
respond to the competitive environment in its highly competitive target markets by offering 
attractive and profitable product and service solutions, it may face the decrease of its market shares 
or the overall profitability of the Group. The Group’s risk profile for the risk stemming from 
competitive market is considered as low. 
Exposure to Conduct of Other Market Participants. The Group’s access to financing, investment and 
derivative transactions may be adversely affected by market practices of other market participants. 
Unfettered access to the financial markets is needed to ensure that the Group is able to finance its 
activities, when needed. Financial and securities markets are interrelated and defaults and failures 
to conduct sound business by other market players could lead to market-wide liquidity problems or 
other market-wide issues, which could adversely affect the Group’s access to capital resources. 
Further, the Group companies have exposure to many counterparties arising from clearing, funding 
or other relationships with them. Failure of such market participants to meet their obligations may 
result in the default of the Group companies before other counterparties and clients, which in turn 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial condition and results of 
operations. The Group’s risk profile for the risk arising from the conduct of other market participants 
is considered as low. 
Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies. As of 30 September 2021, the Company holds an indirect 
shareholding of 29,8% at Maksekeskus AS, a 34% direct shareholding in AS Aktiva Portfolio, a 53% 
indirect shareholding in Mobire Group OÜ and a 30% indirect shareholding in Paywerk AS. The 
operations of these joint ventures may be adversely affected by the other shareholders of the 
companies. Despite the shareholders’ agreements, it cannot be excluded that the joint venture 
partners exercise their voting rights for influencing management decisions in a direction with which 
the Company disagrees, or fails to exercise its voting rights to adopt management decisions that in 
the view of the Company are necessary in the interest of those companies. Furthermore, the joint 
venture partners may understand the terms of the shareholders’ agreements differently from the 
Company or fail to perform the shareholders’ agreements. Although the Management considers the 
materialisation of the above-described risks unlikely and has high confidence and trust in its joint 
venture partners, such behaviour by other shareholders, in theory, cannot be excluded or 
prevented, and may have adverse effect on the financial position and results of operations of the 
subsidiaries and affiliated companies. Given that the financial results and the operations of the 
Group depend to an extent on the performance and the sound management of the subsidiaries and 
the affiliated companies, then this may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, 
financial condition and results of operations. The Group’s risk profile for the risk stemming from 
subsidiaries and affiliated companies is considered as low.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
3.4. Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Maintaining Capital Adequacy Ratios. Credit institutions and investment firms must adhere to strict 
capital adequacy requirements subject to frequent reforms and changes. Currently, the capital of 
banks and investment firms in the EU is subject to the legal framework of CRR & CRR II/CRD IV & CRD 
V. These requirements are largely based on the Basel III framework that was agreed in the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision with the objective to strengthen the resilience of the financial 
sector to economic shocks and thereby ensure the adequate and sustainable financing of the 
economy, and are still subject to transitional arrangements (phase-in of deductions and capital 
buffers and phase-out of capital elements). In addition, the Council of the European Union has still 
to adopt, among others, reforms for both the CRR II and CRD V to finalise implementation of the 
Basel III framework and certain changes foreseen under the CRR II and CRD V are still to be 
implemented as the relevant implementation deadlines were postponed to help the banks deal with 
the impacts of COVID-19. In addition to common capital requirements, the Group must maintain the 
capital conservation buffer at the level of 2.5%. Other additional capital buffers (systemic risk buffer 
and countercyclical capital buffer) were reduced to 0% when the COVID-19 crisis began and by the 
date of this Prospectus, there is no information on upcoming changes of these rates. So far, the 
Group has complied with all applicable capital requirements. However, the capital requirements 
adopted in Estonia and the European Union may change, whether as a result of further changes of 
the EU or Estonian legislation, global standards or interpretation thereof. Such changes, either 
individually or in combination, may lead to unexpected increased requirements and have a material 
adverse effect on the business of the Company and the Group as a whole. This may result in the 
need to increase capital, reduce leverage and risk weighted assets, modify the Group’s legal structure 
or even change the Group’s business model. The Group’s risk profile for the risk that stems from 
maintaining capital adequacy ratios is considered as medium.  
Compliance and Regulatory Change Risks. The Group operates in highly regulated fields of business 
and its operations are subject to a number of laws, regulations, policies, guidance and voluntary 
codes of practice. The regulatory framework that was introduced after the global financial and 
economic crises of 2007-2009 (CRR, CRR II, CRD IV, CRD V, BRRD7, BRRD II8, SRMR9, SRMR II10) is under 
constant revision. Certain requirements of CRD V and CRR II are still to be implemented and it is 
already known that a further revision of the capital requirements is required in order for the 
European Union legislative framework to comply with the Basel III standards which would likely 
further increase capital requirements. Although the Group does not offer products or services that 
are generally considered to entail high money laundering and terrorist financing risks, the recent 
and ongoing developments in this area are likely to place additional strain on the operating 
processes of the Group. As the business model of the Group is centred around automated IT 
 
7 Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 
2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations 
(EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No tän648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council (the BRRD). 
8 Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
and Directive 98/26/EC (the BRRD II). 
9 Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and 
a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single 
Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the SRMR). 
10 Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (the SRMR 
II).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
processes and is thus very dependent on data processing, the regulatory changes (e.g. GDPR11 that 
came into effect in 2018) related to data processing have a significant impact on the activities of the 
Group. Therefore, the increased requirements and expectations, enhanced supervisory standards 
and uncertainty with regard to further changes may result in limitations of operating flexibility and 
certain lines of business, additional costs and liabilities, a necessity to change legal, capital or funding 
structures, and decisions to exit or not to engage in certain business activities. The Group’s risk 
profile for compliance risk is considered as medium.  
Tax Regime Risks. Tax regimes of the geographical markets where the Group operates are from time 
to time subject to change, some of which may be dictated by short-term political needs and may 
therefore be unexpected and unpredictable. Any changes in the tax regimes in the jurisdictions 
where the Group companies operate or in the interpretation of such tax laws, regulations or treaties 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial condition and results of 
operations. The Group’s risk profile for tax regime risk is considered as low. 
Exposure to Regulatory Actions and Investigations. The Group offers various financial services and 
products and is therefore subject to extensive and comprehensive regulations imposed both 
through local and through European legal acts. Such risk arises mostly due to the sector in which the 
Company operates. Several local and European authorities, including financial supervision, 
consumer protection, data protection, tax and other authorities regularly perform investigations, 
examinations, inspections and audits of companies acting in the same sector as the Group. Such 
proceedings include, but are not limited to topics like capital requirements, standards of consumer 
lending, anti-money laundering (“AML”), anti-bribery, payments, reporting, corporate governance, 
data protection, etc. Any determination by the authorities that the Company or any Group entities 
have not acted in compliance with all the applicable laws and regulations could have serious legal 
and reputational consequences for the Group, including exposure to fines, criminal and civil 
penalties and other damages, increased prudential requirements or even lead to business 
disruption in the respective fields. Any of these consequences may have a material adverse effect 
on the Company’s operations, financial condition and results of operations. The Group’s risk profile 
for the risk arising from regulatory actions and investigations is considered as medium. 
Exposure to Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (“ML/TF”) risks. The recent discoveries of the 
vulnerability of banks with regard to ML/TF, the regulatory environment as well as the supervisory 
approach have become very strict and focused on ML/TF risks. The target customers, operating 
regions as well as the offered products and services of the Group include modest ML/TF risks 
compared to the majority in the banking sector. Nevertheless, a significant portion of attention has 
to be put on these risks by the Group in order to meet its low risk appetite for ML/TF risk. Therefore, 
the Group must put in significant effort to comply with AML requirements. Failure to do so would 
most likely lead to implementation of strict supervisory measures, reputational damage and could 
result in business disruption. The Group’s risk profile for ML/TF risk is considered as low. 
Contractual Risk. The operations of the Company are materially dependent on the validity and 
enforceability of the transactions and agreements entered into by it. These transactions and 
agreements may be subject to the laws of Estonia or foreign laws. While due care is taken to ensure 
that the terms of these transactions and agreements are fully enforceable under the laws applicable 
 
11 Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural 
persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 
95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) (the “GDPR”).

--- Page 25 ---
25 
to them, occasional contradictions and variations of interpretation may occur. Consequently, the 
Company may not be able to always enforce their contractual rights. Moreover, the legal 
environment where such transactions are affected and agreements are entered into, which is 
primarily that of the Baltic states and Poland, is subject to changes, both through the enactment of 
new laws and regulations and through changes in interpretation by the competent authorities and 
courts. Therefore, it cannot be fully excluded that certain terms of the transactions and agreements 
entered into by the Company may turn out to be unenforceable, which in turn may have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s operations, financial condition and results of operations. Risk is 
magnified by the fact that most of the agreements the Company concludes with its customers are 
based on standard terms and conditions. Hence, any change in law or interpretation could affect a 
large number of agreements concluded with the customers. The Group’s risk profile for contractual 
risk is considered as low. 
Exposure to Civil Liability. The Company operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes 
it to significant risk of claims, disputes and legal proceedings. Due to the nature of its business 
(provision of consumer credit) use of the court system for enforcing claims in arrears is a part of the 
day-to-day activity of the Company. The results of such disputes are inherently difficult to predict 
and even the disputes themselves, not only unfavourable outcomes, may result in the Company 
incurring significant expenses and damages, and have negative effects on the Company’s reputation, 
which in turn may have material adverse effect on the Company’s operations, financial condition and 
results of operations. The Group’s risk profile for the risk stemming from civil liability is considered 
as low. 
3.5. Political and Economic Risks 
Changes in Economic Environment. Each of the Group’s operating segments is affected by general 
economic and geopolitical conditions and is not immune to the impacts of COVID-19. The general 
economic environment on the one hand affects the demand for the services, but on the other hand 
negative trends in the economy increase the credit risks. Similarly, adverse changes in the economic 
environment, especially of countries where the Group companies operate, could negatively affect 
the operations of the Group in several ways, including significantly increasing the credit risk 
stemming from the Group’s loan portfolio and decreasing the demand for the Group’s services. 
OECD Economic Outlook in July 2021 has stated that economic recovery is likely to remain uneven 
and dependent on the effectiveness of vaccination programmes and public health policies. Any 
deterioration in the economic environment of the countries where the Group operates could have 
a direct negative impact on the financial position and profitability of the Group. The Baltic region is 
a small open economy that is closely linked to the global economy and especially to the 
macroeconomic conditions in the Eurozone countries and Russia. Although the Group constantly 
monitors developments on both domestic and international markets, it is not possible to forecast 
the timing or extent of changes in the economic environment. The Group’s risk profile for the risk 
stemming from the changes in economic environment is considered as medium. 
3.6. Risks Related to Bonds 
Credit Risk. An investment into the Bonds is subject to credit risk, which means that the Company 
may fail to meet its obligations arising from the Bonds in a duly and timely manner. The Company's 
ability to meet its obligations arising from the Bonds and the ability of the bondholders to receive 
payments arising from the Bonds depend on the financial position and the results of operations of

--- Page 26 ---
26 
the Company and the Group, which are subject to other risks described in this Prospectus. The 
Bonds are not bank deposits in the Company and are not guaranteed by the Guarantee Fund (in 
Estonian: Tagatisfond). The risk profile of the Bonds for credit risk is considered as medium. 
Subordination Risk. The Bonds are subordinated to all unsubordinated claims against the Company; 
however, not to the claims, which are subordinated to the Bonds or which rank pari passu with the 
Bonds. The subordination of the Bonds means that upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Company, all the claims arising from the Bonds shall fall due in accordance with the Terms of the 
Bonds and shall be satisfied only after the full satisfaction of all unsubordinated recognised claims 
against the Company in accordance with the applicable law. Therefore, upon the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Company, the holders of the Bonds are not entitled to any payments due under 
the Terms of the Bonds until the full and due satisfaction of all the unsubordinated claims against 
the Company. The subordination may have adverse effect on the Company's ability to meet all its 
obligations arising from the Bonds. The risk profile of the Bonds for subordination risk is considered 
as medium. 
Bail-In Risk. Any liability arising under the Bonds may be subject to the exercise of Bail-In Powers by 
the relevant Resolution Authority in cases where a Group company meets the conditions for the 
initiation of resolution proceedings (i.e. fails or is likely to fail and certain other conditions are met). 
Exercising the Bail-In Powers is subject to numerous preconditions and will only be used as a last 
resort; however, if the powers are exercised, it is possible that: (a) the amount outstanding of the 
Bonds is reduced, including to zero; (b) the Bonds are converted into shares, other securities or other 
instruments of the Company or another person; (c) the Bonds are cancelled; and/or (d) the terms of 
the Bonds are altered (e.g. the maturity date or interest rate of the Bonds could be changed). 
Therefore, if a Group company meets the conditions for the initiation of resolution proceedings, the 
exercising of the Bail-in Powers by the relevant Resolution Authority may result in material losses 
for the bondholders. Financial public support will only be used as a last resort after having assessed 
and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. 
Consent of the bondholders is not necessary for affecting bail-in measures by the Resolution 
Authority. The risk profile of the Bonds for bail-in risk is considered as medium. 
Early Redemption Risk. According to the Terms of the Bonds, the Bonds may be redeemed 
prematurely on the initiative of the Company, at any time after the lapse of 5 years as from the date 
of issue of the Bonds as described in Section 2.7 "Maturity of Bonds". Further, according to the Terms 
of the Bonds, the Bonds may be redeemed by the Company even earlier than after the lapse of 5 
years as from the date of issue of the Bonds as described in Section 2.7 "Maturity of Bonds" if 
amendments are made to the tax regulation that cause the Company to bear increased tax liability 
in regards of the Bonds, or if the Bonds seize or are likely to seize to be included in the Company’s 
Tier 2 capital. If any of these early redemption rights is exercised by the Company, the rate of return 
from an investment into the Bonds may be lower than initially anticipated. Also, the investors might 
not have an option to invest in financial instruments offering the similar risk/return characteristics 
at the time of the early redemption or could face additional costs in selecting a new investment. The 
Bonds may, however, be redeemed prematurely by the Company only if the EFSA (or the European 
Central Bank if it is in the competence thereof) has granted its consent to the early redemption. The 
decision on granting the consent involves a certain amount of discretion by the competent authority 
and the early redemption is therefore beyond the control of the Company. The risk profile of the 
Bonds for early redemption risk is considered as low.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
No Ownership Rights. An investment into the Bonds is an investment into debt instruments, which 
does not confer any legal or beneficial interest in the equity of the Company or any of the 
Subsidiaries thereof or any voting rights or rights to receive dividends or other rights which may 
arise from equity instruments. The Bonds represent an unsecured debt obligation of the Company, 
granting the bondholders only such rights as set forth in the Terms of the Bonds. The value of the 
Bonds might be affected by the actions of the shareholder of the Company over which the investors 
do not have control. The risk profile of the Bonds for the risk stemming from not having ownership 
rights is considered as low. 
Tax Regime Risks. Adverse changes in the tax regime applicable in respect of transacting with the 
Bonds or receiving interest or principal payments based on the Bonds may result in an increased tax 
burden of the bondholders and may therefore have adverse effect on the rate of return from the 
investment into the Bonds. The risk profile of the Bonds for tax regime risk is considered as low. 
Cancellation of Offering. Although best efforts will be made by the Company to ensure that the 
Offering is successful, the Company cannot provide any assurance that the Offering will be 
successful and that the investors will receive the Bonds they subscribed for. The Company is entitled 
to cancel the Offering on the terms and conditions described in the Section 4.10 "Cancellation of 
Offering". The risk profile of the Bonds for the risk stemming from cancellation of Offering is 
considered as low. 
3.7. Risks Related to Offering, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Bond Price and Limited Liquidity of Bonds. The Company will apply for the listing of the Bonds on 
the Baltic Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange; however, although every effort will be 
made by the Company to ensure the listing of the Bonds as anticipated by the Company, no 
assurance can be provided that the Bonds will be listed and admitted to trading. Further, the Nasdaq 
Tallinn Stock Exchange is substantially less liquid and more volatile than established markets in other 
jurisdictions. The YTD turnover of bonds admitted to trading on Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange is 
EUR 8.6 million with 1937 trades in total (as of 31 October 2021). The relatively small market 
capitalisation and low liquidity of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange may impair the ability of the 
bondholders to sell their Bonds on the open market, use them as a collateral for other obligations 
or engage in other transactions requiring the existence of an active market, or could increase the 
volatility of the price of the Bonds. As the Bonds of each series will bear a different ISIN code, the 
respective Bonds will also be traded separately which will affect their liquidity on the market. The 
value of the Bonds can fluctuate on the securities market due to events and the materialisation of 
risks related to the Group, but also because of events outside the Group’s control, such as economic, 
financial or political events, changes of interest rate levels or currency exchange rates, policy of 
central banks, changes in the demand or supply of securities of the same type in general or of the 
Bonds. For instance, if at any point a person holding a large block of Bonds decided to sell such 
Bonds, the demand on the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange may not be sufficient to accommodate 
such a sale or issue and any sale may take longer than originally expected or a sale may take place 
at a lower price than expected. The risk profile of the Bonds for the risk stemming from bond price 
and limited liquidity of Bonds is considered as medium. 
Negative or Insufficient Analyst Coverage. There is no guarantee of continued (or any) analyst 
research coverage for the Company. Over time, the amount of third-party research available in 
respect of the Company may increase or decrease with little or no correlation with the actual results

--- Page 28 ---
28 
of its operations, as the Company has no influence on the analysts who prepare such reports. 
Negative or insufficient third-party reports would be likely to have an adverse effect on the market 
price and the trading volume of the Bonds. The risk profile of the Bonds for the risk stemming from 
negative or insufficient analyst coverage is considered as low.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
4. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OFFERING  
4.1. Offering 
In the course of the Offering, up to 35,000 Bonds of the Programme may be offered to retail and 
institutional investors in Estonia (the Retail Offering). The Company may choose to offer the Bonds 
issued under the Programme to investors in and outside Estonia by private placement under 
exemptions from the obligation to draw up a prospectus or register such offer with the competent 
authorities available for the Company under law applicable to such offerings. 
In addition to the Retail Offering the Bonds may be offered in or outside Estonia to qualified investors 
in accordance with Article 1(4)(a) and (b) of the Prospectus Regulation (the Institutional Offering); 
however, this Prospectus relates only to the Retail Offering.  
Should Bonds of a series be offered both by way of Retail Offering as well as in the course of an 
Institutional Offering and/or private placement, the relevant Bonds of one series will be issued 
simultaneously or on dates close by and will be subject to one application to list and admit the Bonds 
to trading on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange. 
The division of the Bonds between the private placement (if chosen to be done by the Company), 
the Institutional Offering and the Retail Offering has not been predetermined and will be determined 
by the Company in accordance with the principles described in Section 4.7 “Distribution and 
Allocation” below. The total amount of Bonds may decrease in case any part of the Offering is 
cancelled – please see the Section 4.10 “Cancellation of Offering” for further details. 
4.2. Right to Participate in Offering 
The Retail Offering is directed to all retail and institutional investors in Estonia.  
4.3. Offer Price 
The Offer Price will be determined in the Final Terms of the Bonds. 
4.4. Offering Period 
The Offering Period is the period during which the persons who have the right to participate in the 
Retail Offering may submit Subscription Undertakings (please see Section 4.5 “Subscription 
Undertakings” for further details) for the Bonds. The Offering Period for each series of Bonds will be 
separately published through the information system of Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange and the 
website of the Company (https://inbank.ee/en/investor).  
4.5. Subscription Undertakings 
Submitting Subscription Undertakings  
The Subscription Undertakings may be submitted only during the Offering Period. An investor 
participating in the Retail Offering may apply to subscribe for the Bonds only for the Offer Price. 
Multiple Subscription Undertakings by one investor, if submitted, shall be merged for the purposes 
of allocation. All investors participating in the Retail Offering can submit Subscription Undertakings 
denominated only in euros. An investor shall bear all costs and fees charged by the respective

--- Page 30 ---
30 
account operator of Nasdaq CSD accepting the Subscription Undertaking in connection with the 
submission, cancellation or amendment of a Subscription Undertaking. 
In order to subscribe for the Bonds, an investor must have a securities account with the Nasdaq CSD 
Estonian settlement system. Such securities account may be opened through any account operator 
of Nasdaq CSD. A complete and up to date table of account operators of Nasdaq CSD can be found 
at the following address: https://nasdaqcsd.com/list-of-account-operators/.  
Content of and Requirements for Subscription Undertakings  
A Subscription Undertaking is deemed submitted from the moment Nasdaq CSD receives a duly 
completed transaction instruction from the account operator of the respective investor.  
Submission of Subscription Undertakings through Nominee Accounts  
An investor may submit a Subscription Undertaking through a nominee account only if such an 
investor authorises the owner of the nominee account to disclose the investor’s identity, personal 
ID number or registration number, and address to the Company and Nasdaq CSD. Subscription 
Undertakings submitted through nominee accounts without the disclosure of the above information 
will be disregarded. 
Amendment and Cancellation of Subscription Undertakings  
Investors have the right to amend or cancel their Subscription Undertakings at any time until the 
end of the Offering Period. To do so, the investor must contact its/his/her account operator through 
whom the Subscription Undertaking in question has been made and carry out the procedures 
required by the account operator for amending or cancelling a Subscription Undertaking (such 
procedures may differ between different account operators). This may result in costs and fees 
charged by the account operator through which the Subscription Undertaking is submitted.  
Legal Effect of Subscription Undertakings  
An investor must ensure that all information contained in the Subscription Undertaking is correct, 
complete and legible. The Company reserves the right to reject any Subscription Undertakings, which 
are incomplete, incorrect, unclear or illegible, or which have not been completed and submitted 
during the Offering Period in accordance with all requirements set out in these terms and conditions. 
By submitting a Subscription Undertaking, every investor:  
(i) 
accepts the terms and conditions of the Offering set out in this Section and elsewhere in 
this Prospectus and agrees with the Company that such terms will be applicable to the 
investor’s acquisition of any Bonds;  
(ii) 
confirms that it/he/she has read the Terms of the Bonds and that the Terms of the Bonds 
are fully understandable and acceptable to it/him/her;  
(iii) 
accepts that the number of the Bonds indicated by the investor in the Subscription 
Undertaking will be regarded as the maximum number of the Bonds which the investor 
wishes to acquire (the Maximum Amount) and that the investor may receive less (but 
not more) Bonds than the Maximum Amount subscribed for (please see Section 
“Distribution and Allocation”);

--- Page 31 ---
31 
(iv) 
undertakes to acquire and pay for any number of Bonds allocated to them in accordance 
with these terms and conditions, up to the Maximum Amount; 
(v) 
authorises and instructs the account operator through which the Subscription 
Undertaking is submitted to arrange the settlement of the transaction on their behalf 
(taking such steps as are legally required to do so) and to forward the necessary 
information to the extent necessary for the completion of the transaction; 
(vi) 
authorises the account operator through which the Subscription Undertaking is 
submitted, and Nasdaq CSD, to amend the information contained in the Subscription 
Undertaking to (a) specify the value date of the transaction, (b) specify the number of 
Bonds to be purchased by the investor and the total amount of the transaction, up to 
the Maximum Amount times the Offer Price; (c) correct or clarify obvious mistakes or 
irregularities in the Subscription Undertakings, if any; 
(vii) 
authorises the Company and Nasdaq CSD to process its personal data and information 
in the Subscription Undertaking during the Subscription Period and/or after the 
Subscription Period where necessary to participate in the Offering, to accept or reject 
the Subscription Undertaking and to fulfil the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds and 
the Company’s obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds; 
(viii) 
acknowledges that the Retail Offering does not constitute an offer (in Estonian: 
pakkumus) of the Bonds by the Company in legal terms or otherwise, and that the 
submission of a Subscription Undertaking does not constitute the acceptance of an offer, 
and therefore does not in itself entitle the investor to acquire the Bonds, nor result in a 
contract for the sale of the Bonds between the Company and the investor. 
4.6. Payment 
By submitting a Subscription Undertaking, an investor authorises and instructs the institution 
operating the investor’s cash account connected to its/his/her securities account (which may or may 
not also be the investor’s account operator) to immediately block the whole transaction amount on 
the investor’s cash account until the settlement is completed or funds are released in accordance 
with these terms and conditions. The transaction amount to be blocked will be equal to the Offer 
Price multiplied by the Maximum Amount. An investor may submit a Subscription Undertaking only 
when there are sufficient funds on the cash account connected to its/his/her Nasdaq CSD securities 
account or its/his/her securities account to cover the whole transaction amount for that particular 
Subscription Undertaking. 
4.7. Distribution and Allocation 
The Company will decide on the allocation of the Offer Bonds after the expiry of the Offering Period 
of the respective series of Bonds. The Bonds will be allocated to the investors participating in the 
Offering in accordance with the following principles:  
(i) 
under the same circumstances, all investors shall be treated equally, whereas dependent 
on the number of investors and interest towards the Offering, the Company may set 
minimum and maximum number of the Bonds allocated to one investor;

--- Page 32 ---
32 
(ii) 
the Company shall be entitled to use different allocation principles between the groups 
of retail investors and institutional investors; 
(iii) 
the Company shall be entitled to use different allocation principles in groups of investors 
tiered based on the size of the Subscription Undertaking;  
(iv) 
the allocation shall be aimed to create a solid and reliable investor base for the Company; 
(v) 
the Company shall be entitled to prefer Estonian investors to foreign investors who may 
participate in the Institutional Offering;  
(vi) 
the Company shall be entitled to prefer its existing shareholders and bondholders of the 
Company to other investors; and 
(vii) 
the Company shall be entitled to prefer the clients of the Company to other investors 
whereas preference may be given only to certain groups of clients; 
(viii) 
the Company shall be entitled to give preference to the employees, management and 
supervisory board members of companies belonging to the Group whereas such 
persons may use their investment vehicles in subscribing for the Bonds and shall in such 
case inform the Company of the usage of an investment vehicle and its name.  
The list of existing shareholders, bondholders and clients of the Company shall be fixed as at the 
end of the business day immediately preceding the day of announcement of the public offering of 
the relevant series of Bonds. 
The results of the allocation process of the Offering will be announced through the information 
system of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange and through the Company’s website 
https://www.inbank.ee/en/investor/announcements. The Company plans to announce the results of 
allocation of each series of the Bonds within three business days after the end of the Offering Period, 
but in any case, before the Bonds are transferred to the investors’ securities accounts. Therefore, 
dealing with the Bonds on Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange shall not begin before the results of the 
allocation have been announced. 
4.8. Settlement and Trading 
The Bonds allocated to investors will be transferred to their securities accounts on or about the 
settlement date provided in the Final Terms of the Bonds through the “delivery versus payment” 
method simultaneously with the transfer of payment for such Bonds. The title to the Bonds will pass 
to the relevant investors when the Bonds are transferred to their securities accounts. If an investor 
has submitted several Subscription Undertakings through several securities accounts, the Bonds 
allocated to such investor will be transferred to all such securities accounts proportionally to the 
number of the Bonds indicated in the Subscription Undertakings submitted for each account, 
rounded up or down as necessary. Trading with the Bonds is expected to commence on the Baltic 
Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange on or about the date noted as such in the Final Terms 
of the Bonds. 
4.9. Return of Funds 
If the Offering or a part thereof is cancelled in accordance with the terms and conditions described 
in this Prospectus, if the investor’s Subscription Undertaking is rejected or if the allocation is less

--- Page 33 ---
33 
than the amount of Bonds applied for, the funds blocked on the investor’s cash account, or the 
excess part thereof (the amount in excess of payment for the allocated Bonds), will be released by 
the respective financial institution. Regardless of the reason for which funds are released, the 
Company shall never be liable for the release of the respective funds and for the payment of interest 
on the released funds for the time they were blocked (if any). 
4.10. 
Cancellation of Offering 
The Company has the right to cancel the Offering in full or in part in its sole discretion, at any time 
until the end of the Offering Period. In particular, the Company may decide to cancel the Offering in 
the part not subscribed for. Any cancellation of the Offering will be announced through the 
information system of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange and through the Company’s website 
https://www.inbank.ee/en/investor/announcements. All rights and obligations of the parties in 
relation to the cancelled part of the Offering will be considered terminated as of the moment when 
such announcement is made public. 
4.11. 
Conflicts of Interests 
According to the knowledge of the Management, there are no personal interests of the persons 
involved in the Offering material to the Offering. The Management is unaware of any conflicts of 
interests related to the Offering.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
5. 
REASONS FOR OFFERING AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
The primary purpose of the Offering is to strengthen the capital structure of the Group to retain a 
strong capital base in light of a rapidly growing risk weighted asset base. The proceeds from the 
Offering will be entirely used for strengthening the Tier 2 regulative capital base. Conservative capital 
buffers are needed in advance to support the general corporate purposes, further growth, 
strengthen the market position of the Group, finance launch of new products and increase the 
business volumes of the Group. During the first nine months of 2021 the risk weighted assets of the 
Company have increased by nearly 38% from EUR 399 million to EUR 553 million. Under the EU 
legislation applicable to credit institutions the increase in risk weighted assets needs to be covered 
by regulative capital. 
There is no specific project that would be financed from the proceeds of the Offering. 
The Company is looking to engage additional capital in the amount of up to EUR 35 million with the 
Programme. The total amount of costs related to the Offering is estimated to be up to EUR 100,000, 
which will be deducted from the proceeds of the Offering before using the proceeds as described in 
this Section. The net proceeds of the Offering would therefore be estimated to amount to EUR 34.9 
million. 
The Company plans to use up to EUR 6.503 million of proceeds from the Offering for the premature 
redemption of the existing unsecured subordinated bonds issued by the Group, provided that the 
Group is entitled to redeem such bonds prematurely in accordance with the applicable bond terms. 
The reminder of the net proceeds of the Offering, or in case the above subordinated bonds are not 
redeemed prematurely, the entire net proceeds of the Offering, will be used in line with the overall 
purpose of the Offering.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
6. 
GENERAL CORPORATE INFORMATION AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION  
6.1. General Corporate Information 
The business name of the Company is AS Inbank. The Company was registered in the Estonian 
Commercial Register on 5 October 2010 under the register code 12001988 and its legal entity 
identifier (LEI) code is 2138005M92IEIQVEL297. The Company has been established and is currently 
operating under the laws of the Republic of Estonia in the form of a public limited company (in 
Estonian: aktsiaselts or AS) and is established for an indefinite term. 
The contact details of the Company are the following: 
Address: Niine tn 11, Tallinn 10414, Estonia 
Phone: +372 640 8080 
Fax: +372 640 8081  
E-mail: info@inbank.ee 
Website: https://www.inbank.ee 
The information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. 
According to the latest available annual report of the Company, i.e. the annual report for the financial 
year ended on 31 December 2020, the field of activity of the Company was "credit institutions 
(banks)" (EMTAK12  64191).  
 
 
 
12 EMTAK (the Estonian Classification of Economic Activities) is the basis for determining the fields of activity of Estonian 
companies. EMTAK is the national version of the international harmonised NACE classification. As of 1 January 2007, the 
Estonian companies are, instead of providing their fields of activity in the Articles of Association, required to report them in 
their annual reports using EMTAK classification.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
7. 
SHARE CAPITAL, SHARES AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE  
7.1. Share Capital and Shares 
The current registered and fully paid-in share capital of the Company is EUR 970,053, which is divided 
into 9,700,530 ordinary shares of the Company (the Shares) with the nominal value of EUR 0.10. The 
Shares are registered in the Estonian securities register (the ERS) under ISIN code EE3100109232. 
The Shares are not admitted to trading on any regulated market. The Company does not have any 
shares that would not have been fully paid up. 
The Company is planning an additional issue of ordinary shares to fulfil its growing need for 
regulatory capital. It is planned that the general meeting to approve the share capital increase will 
be called on or about 9 December 2021 and will take place on or about 17 December 2021. The 
Company is planning to issue up to 300,000 additional ordinary shares for which up to EUR 6,000,000 
will be paid to the Company. The increase of the share capital is planned to be entered into the 
Commercial Register at the latest on the first days of 2022. 
Under the Estonian Commercial Code the main rights afforded to holders of ordinary shares are the 
right to participate in the general meeting of shareholders and in the distribution of profits and, 
upon dissolution, of the remaining assets of the public limited company, as well as other rights 
provided by law or prescribed by the articles of association. 
For information on the management and employees share option program, please see Section 7.3 
“Management and Key Employees Share Option Program”. 
7.2. Shareholders of Company 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Shareholders holding directly over 5% of all Shares in the 
Company are the following: 
Name of Shareholder 
Number of 
Shares 
Proportion 
Cofi Investeeringud OÜ 
2,582,187 
26,62% 
Luciano Orsero 
907,881 
9.36% 
Roberto de Silvestri 
824,800 
8.50% 
Elio Tomaso Giovanni Cravero 
714,900 
7.37% 
Andrea Agostinone 
692,000 
7.13% 
SCI IN Holding 20 
517,200 
5.33% 
 
There are no persons who have an indirect qualifying holding in the Company. 
In addition to the Management Board and Supervisory Board members, including the founders of 
the Company (Mr Jan Andresoo and Mr Priit Põldoja), and their related persons (please see section 
8.7 for detailed information), the Company is owned by a number of foreign investors, of whom no 
one has an indirect qualifying holding in the Company. 
The Company is as at the date of this Prospectus not aware of any person, directly or indirectly, 
controlling the Company or of any arrangements or circumstances, which may at a subsequent date 
result in a change in control over the Company.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
There are no Shareholders’ Agreements between the shareholders of the Company. 
7.3. Management and Key Employees’ Share Option Program 
In order to successfully carry out its expansion plans and implement the strategy for 2019-2022, the 
Company’s Supervisory Board has decided to implement a management and key employees’ option 
program to retain and motivate key people within the organisation and have the incentives to recruit 
new people for key functions. The options have been issued as follows: 
● 
total number of options – 285,000; 
● 
period for issuing of options and signing of option agreements – May 2019;  
● 
issue price per option – options were issued for free;  
● 
strike price per option (price for which shares of the Company would be purchased) – EUR 
3.00 and EUR 6.75 per share; 
● 
time when options can be exercised – starting three years from the date of the issue of the 
option and during six months thereafter; 
● 
condition of the right to exercise an option is continued employment/service agreement with 
the Company or its subsidiary at the date of exercise; 
● 
the specific terms and conditions for exercise of options would be determined by the 
Management Board of the Company. 
The Company’s Supervisory Board has also decided to implement a new share option programme 
for a period of 2021-2023 addressing a larger number of the Company’s senior and key individuals 
(approximately 50 individuals). The options have been issued as follows: 
● 
total number of options issued in 2021 – 128,400;  
● 
period for issuing of options and signing of option agreements – April and October 2021;  
● 
issue price per option – options were issued for free;  
● 
strike price per option (price for which shares of the Company would be purchased) – 
EUR 12.50 per share; 
● 
time when options can be exercised – starting three years from the date of the issue of the 
option and during two months thereafter; 
● 
condition of the right to exercise an option is continued employment/service agreement with 
the Company or its subsidiary at the date of exercise; 
● 
specific terms and conditions for exercise of options would be determined by the 
Management Board of the Company and should comply with the terms and conditions of 
the Option Programme. 
On 16 September 2021 the Company’s Supervisory Board decided to issue 20,000 additional share 
options to the Head of the Czech business unit under the following terms: 
● 
total number of options issued in October 2021: 20,000; 
● 
issue price per option – options were issued for free; 
● 
strike price per option (price for which shares of the Company would be purchased) – 
EUR 15.50 per share; 
● 
time when options can be exercised – starting three years from the date of the issue of the 
option and during two months thereafter;

--- Page 38 ---
38 
● 
condition of the right to exercise an option is continued employment/service agreement with 
the Company or its subsidiary at the date of exercise; 
● 
specific terms and conditions for exercise of options would be determined by the 
Management Board of the Company and should comply with the terms and conditions of 
the Option Programme. 
By the date of this Prospectus, the Company has granted options altogether to 433,400 shares.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
8. 
MANAGEMENT 
8.1. Management Structure 
The Company has a three-layer management. The Management Board is responsible for the day-to-
day management of the Company and each of its members is eligible to represent the Company in 
keeping with the law and the Articles of Association. The Supervisory Board of the Company is 
responsible for the strategic planning of the activities of the Company and for supervising the 
activities of the Management Board. The highest governing body of the Company is the general 
meeting of shareholders. 
The address of operations of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board is Niine 11, 10414 
Tallinn, Estonia (the registered address of the Company). 
8.2. Management Board 
Role. The Management Board of the Company is responsible for the day-to-day management of the 
Company's operations, representing the Company and for organising its accounting. Further, 
according to the Estonian Commercial Code, it is the obligation of the Management Board to draft 
the annual reports and submit the reports to the Supervisory Board for review and to the General 
Meeting for approval. The Management Board is accountable to the Supervisory Board and must 
adhere to its lawful instructions.  
Duties. The Management Board must present an overview of the economic activities and economic 
situation of the Company to the Supervisory Board at least once every three months and is under 
the obligation to give immediate notice of any material deterioration of the economic condition of 
the Company or of any other material circumstances related to its operations. If the Company is 
insolvent and the insolvency, due to the Company's financial situation, is not temporary, the 
Management Board must immediately submit a voluntary bankruptcy petition in respect of the 
Company. 
The Management Board may only enter into transactions that lie outside the Company's ordinary 
scope of business with the consent of the Supervisory Board.  
Further, according to the Commercial Code, it is the obligation of the Management Board to 
coordinate preparation of the annual reports and submit the reports to the Supervisory Board for 
review and to the General Meeting of shareholders for approval. The Management Board is 
accountable to the Supervisory Board and must adhere to its lawful instructions and to the strategy 
of the Company approved by the Supervisory Board. 
Members of the Management Board. The Supervisory Board has appointed seven members to the 
Management Board – Mr Priit Põldoja (Chairman of the Management Board, the authorities remain 
valid until 12 April 2024), Ms Piret Paulus (the authorities remain valid until 4 May 2023), Mr Jaanus 
Kõusaar (the authorities remain valid until 11 August 2022) , Mr Marko Varik (the authorities remain 
valid until 17 March 2024), Mr Benas Pavlauskas (the authorities remain valid until 19 October 2023), 
Mr Maciej Jerzy Pieczkowski (the authorities remain valid until 19 October 2023) and Mr Margus 
Kastein (the authorities remain valid until 19 October 2023).  
Mr Priit Põldoja. Mr Põldoja is a chairman of the Management Board of the Company who is 
responsible for the strategic management of the company and implementation of the short- and

--- Page 40 ---
40 
long-term plans. Mr Põldoja was born in 1969. Mr Põldoja was awarded a bachelor’s degree in 
Business and Finance from the University Mount Saint Mary’s College in 1994. Between 1995 and 
1996 he worked for the Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, between 1996 and 1997 for Tallinna Panga Liisingu AS, 
between 1997 and 1998 for AS Tallinna Pank, between 1998 and 2000 for Hansabank Markets, 
between 2000 and 2006 for Hansapank AS and between 2008 and 2009 for Alta Capital Partners. Mr 
Põldoja is additionally a chairman of the Supervisory Board of AS Inbank Finance, member of the 
Supervisory Board of Paywerk AS, AS SmartCap and Maksekeskus AS and member of the 
Management Board of Cofi Investeeringud OÜ, Lamu Investeeringud OÜ, Eesti Pangaliit and 
MTÜ FinanceEstonia. 
Mr Marko Varik. Mr Varik is the CRO of the Company, responsible for risk management in the 
Company. Mr Varik was born in 1984. Mr Varik was awarded a bachelor’s degree in Mathematical 
Statistics and Economics from the University of Tartu in 2009. Between 2005 and 2006 he worked 
for AS Lõhmus, Haavel ja Viiseman, between 2006 and 2007 for Orthoclear Inc. and between 2007 
and 2010 for Swedbank AS. Within the Group, in addition to holding the position of member of the 
Management Board of the Company, Mr Varik is also a member of the Supervisory Board of 
AS Inbank Finance and Mobire Group OÜ. 
Mr Jaanus Kõusaar. Mr Kõusaar is the CFO of the Company, responsible for financial management 
of the Company. Mr Kõusaar was born in 1976. Mr Kõusaar was awarded a diploma (equivalent to 
master’s degree) in Economics from the Tallinn University of Technology in 1999, and an MBA 
degree from the Alliance Manchester Business School in 2006. Between 1997 and 2001 he worked 
for 
AS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, 
between 
2001 
and 
2004 
for 
Estonian 
Television, 
between 2006 and 2011 for Alvarez & Marsal Europe LLP, between 2012 and 2016 for Saku 
Õlletehase AS and Aldaris A/S, and in 2017 for AS Eesti Meedia. Within the Group, in addition to 
holding the position of member of the Management Board of the Company, Mr Kõusaar is also a 
member of the Management Board of Inbank Payments OÜ, Inbank Technologies OÜ, Maksekeskus 
Holding OÜ and SIA Inbank Latvia. Mr Kõusaar is also a member of the Supervisory Board of AS 
Inbank Finance and Mobire Group OÜ. 
Ms Piret Paulus. Ms Piret Paulus is the Head of Personal Loans and Cards in the Inbank Group. 
Ms Paulus was born in 1979. Ms Paulus was awarded a bachelor’s degree in Mathematical Statistics 
and Economics from the University of Tartu in 2002. Between 2004 and 2010 she worked for 
Swedbank AS, between 2011 and 2016 for Coop Finants AS. Within the Group, in addition to holding 
the position of member of the Management Board of the Company, Ms Paulus is also a member of 
the Management Board of AS Inbank Finance. 
Mr Benas Pavlauskas. Mr Pavlauskas is CEO of Inbank Lithuania branch and Head of Sales Finance 
in the Inbank Group. Mr Pavlauskas is responsible for the overall strategy of the product including 
the sales strategy and implementation, product development, improvement and expansion as well 
as overview of the Sales Finance business in the Baltics and managing the branch in Lithuania. Mr 
Pavlauskas was born in 1989. Mr Pavlauskas was awarded a bachelor’s degree in Science (with 
Honours) in the field of Economics and Industrial Organisation from the University of Warwick in 
2011. Between 2011 and 2014 he worked for PwC, between 2014 and 2020 for UAB Mokilizingas. 
Mr Maciej Jerzy Pieczkowski. Mr Pieczkowski is Head of Poland Business and manages operations of 
the Inbank Poland branch. Mr Pieczkowski is responsible for developing and implementing business 
strategy of the branch in Poland. Mr Pieczkowski was born in 1974. Mr Pieczkowski was awarded a

--- Page 41 ---
41 
master’s degree in finance and Banking/Economy and PhD Studies/Economy from Cracow Academy 
of Economics. Between 2001 and 2003 he worked for bank Pekao S.A. (UniCredit Group), between 
2003 and 2007 for Xelion Doradcy Finansowi Sp.z.o.o. (UniCredit Group), between 2007 and 2008 
Partnerzy Inwesycyjni Sp. Z.o.o/Dom Maklerski BDM S.A. Group, between 2009 and 2016 BPH S.A./GE 
Capital bank. 
Mr Margus Kastein. Mr Kastein is Head of the Car Financing Business Unit. Mr Kastein is responsible 
for the growth, efficiency and competitiveness of AS Inbank's partner-based (B2B) car financing 
business unit. Mr Kastein was born in 1971. Mr Kastein was awarded a bachelor’s degree in Economy 
from University of Tartu. Between 2000 and 2008 he worked for AS Ingman Jäätised, between 2008 
and 2011 for AS Saku Õlletehas, between 2011 and 2016 as the CEO of AS Saku Õlletehas and AS 
Aldaris. Within the Group, in addition to holding the position of member of the Management Board 
of the Company, Mr Kastein is also a member of the Management Board of AS Inbank Finance and 
a member of Supervisory Board of Mobire Group OÜ. Mr Kastein is additionally a member of the 
Management Board of MTÜ Tärkma Sadama Selts and MTÜ Parim Enne and a member of the 
Supervisory Board of Sihtasutus Hiiumaa Sadamad. 
8.3. Supervisory Board  
Role. In accordance with the Commercial Code, the Supervisory Board is responsible for the strategic 
planning of the business activities of the Company and supervising the activities of the Management 
Board. The Supervisory Board is elected by and accountable to the shareholders of the Company 
(acting in the form of the General Meeting). 
Duties. In accordance with the Commercial Code, before the ordinary General Meeting of 
shareholders is held, the Supervisory Board must review the annual report and provide the General 
Meeting of shareholders with a written report on the annual report, indicating whether the 
Supervisory Board approves the report and also provide information on how the Supervisory Board 
has organised the supervision of the activities of the Company during the year. The tasks and 
responsibilities of the Supervisory Board are further regulated in the Articles of Association of the 
Company.  
Members of the Supervisory Board. According to the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board 
consists of five to seven members who are appointed by the General Meeting of shareholders for a 
period of three years. The members of the Supervisory Board elect among themselves a Chairman 
of the Supervisory Board who is responsible for organising the activities of the Supervisory Board. 
The roles of each member of the Supervisory Board are not specified within the Company and the 
Supervisory Board members perform their duties as Supervisory Board members in accordance with 
the Articles of Association and applicable legislation. According to the Articles of Association, 
meetings of the Supervisory Board are held according to the actual necessity, but at least once per 
three months. A meeting of the Supervisory Board has a quorum if more than one half of the 
members of the Supervisory Board participate and a resolution of the Supervisory Board is adopted 
if more than one half of the members of the Supervisory Board who participate in the meeting vote 
in favour. A member of the Supervisory Board may participate via electronic means. In case of a tied 
vote, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board has a casting vote. As at the date of this Prospectus 
there are six members in the Supervisory Board - Mr Jan Andresoo (the Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board), Ms Triinu Bucheton, Mr Raino Paron, Mr Rain Rannu, Mr Roberto De Silvestri and Mr Taavi

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Kotka. The authorities of all the above-mentioned persons as the members of the Supervisory Board 
will remain valid until 31 March 2024.  
Mr Jan Andresoo. Mr Andresoo is the chairman of the Supervisory Board. Mr Andresoo was born in 
1975. Mr Andresoo was awarded a bachelor’s degree in International Business Administration in 
1998 and a master’s degree in International Business Administration in 2002 from the Estonian 
Business School. Between 1996 and 1998 he worked for Hansapanga Kindlustuse AS, between 1998 
and 1999 for EstIB-Talinvest Varahaldus AS, between 1999 and 2004 for EBS Juhtimiskoolituse 
Keskus OÜ, between 2004 and 2006 for Estonian Business School and between 2009 and 2010 for 
Swedbank AS. In addition to holding the position of the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the 
Company, Mr Andresoo is additionally a member of the Management Board of Paywerk AS. 
Mrs Triinu Bucheton. Ms Bucheton was born in 1985. Ms Bucheton was awarded in 2006 a bachelor’s 
degree in Social Sciences (Law) and in 2009 a master’s degree in Law from the University of Tartu. In 
addition, Ms Bucheton has been awarded in 2013 a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree 
from the Estonian Business School. Between 2006 and 2009 she worked for Ernst & Young Baltic AS 
and from 2009 to 2012 for Raidla Lejins & Norcous Advokaadibüroo OÜ (currently Ellex Raidla 
Advokaadibüroo OÜ). Since 2012 she has been working for Colonna Varahaldus OÜ. Ms Bucheton is 
additionally a member of the Management Board of a number of Estonian holding companies 
managing real estate and other investments, and a member of the Supervisory Board of Stell Eesti 
AS and Sihtasutus Colonna Heategevusfond. In addition, Ms. Bucheton is a member of the 
Management Board of Kneiff S.A.. 
Mr Raino Paron. Mr Paron was born in 1965. Mr Paron was awarded a BA degree in Law (equal to 
MA degree) from the Tartu University in 1993 and an LL.M from Georgetown University, USA in 1992. 
Between 1993 and 1995 he worked in the legal department of the World Bank and the IMF. Since 
1995 he has been working in law firm Osaühing Advokaadibüroo Raidla & Partnerid (currently Ellex 
Raidla Advokaadibüroo OÜ) as the head of the banking and financing practice group. Mr Paron is 
also a member of the Management Board of MTÜ FinanceEstonia and a member of the Supervisory 
Board of AS Tallink Grupp and Paywerk AS. Mr Paron is also Chairman of the Arbitration Counsel of 
Nasdaq Tallinn. 
Mr Rain Rannu. Mr Rannu was born in 1980. Mr Rannu was awarded in 2002 a bachelor’s degree in 
Public Administration and in 2007 a master’s degree in Business and Technology Management from 
the University of Tartu. He is co-founder and partner at Mobi Solutions since 2001 and founder and 
board member of Fortumo since 2007, where he also served as a CEO between 2007 and 2015. Mr 
Rannu is also a co-founder of Garage 48 Foundation and member of the Supervisory Board of 
Sihtasutus Garage48 and Registat Pension AS. Mr Rannu is a management board member of 
Superangels OÜ and Superange1 GP OÜ, which are focused on making investments into start-up 
companies as well as management board member of Alarahastatud OÜ, Tallifornia OÜ, Tallifornia 
Erotstarbeline Kratt OÜ and Tallifornia Eriotstarbeline Massiivne Tellis OÜ. 
Mr Roberto de Silvestri. Mr de Silvestri was born in 1977. Mr Silvestri was awarded a Law degree in 
2002 from the Universita di Giurisprudenza di Genoa and a degree in Asset Management in 2003 
from the SDA Bocconi in Milan. Between 2003 and 2005 he worked for Finter Bank Zurich, between 
2005 and 2009 for Finavest Monaco SAM. Between 2009 and 2017 Mr de Silvestri was working for 
G&G Private Finance SAM. Since 2017 Mr. de Silvestri has been working for CGM Monaco SAM. Mr 
Silvestri is also a member of the Management Board of a number of Estonian holding companies

--- Page 43 ---
43 
managing real estate and other investments, and a member of the Supervisory Board of Sihtasutus 
Colonna Heategevusfond. In addition, Mr. de Silvestri is a member of the Management Board of 
CGM Monaco SAM, Valdemara 8 SIA, Skanstes 12 Holding SIA, SCI Petite Maison 2013, SCI Cap d’Ail 
2018, SCI Ile de France, Stabu 10 Holding SIA and Latvia Portfolio SIA. 
Mr Taavi Kotka. Mr Kotka was born in 1979. Mr Kotka was awarded bachelor’s degree in information 
technologies from University of Tartu and master’s degree in e-governance technologies and 
services from Tallinn University of Technology. Between 1998 and 2000 he worked for AS 
Andmevara, between 2000 and 2004 for AS Webmedia, between 2005 and 2012 for AS Webmedia 
(today AS Nortal), between 2013 and 2017 for the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications. 
Mr Kotka is additionally a CEO of Jio research centre and Proud Engineers OÜ. 
8.4. Audit Committee 
Role and Duties. The Audit Committee is an advisory body to the Supervisory Board. The Audit 
Committee has been established to supervise the activities of the Management Board. The functions 
of the Audit Committee are as follows: (i) Audit committee appoints the members of internal audit 
unit, performs annual appraisals for head of internal audit; (ii) Audit Committee approves the annual 
audit plan for internal audit unit and controls fulfilment of this plan; (iii) Audit Committee meets at 
least once a quarter. The internal audit unit reports to the Audit Committee regarding results of 
internal audits performed, on status of recommendations and provides the overview of risks and 
controls. In case of high-risk cases, the internal audit unit informs the Audit Committee immediately; 
(iv) Audit Committee appoints the external audit provider and once a year receives the report from 
external audit regarding the financial statements and consolidated reports.  
Members of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee of the Company currently has three 
members. The members of the Audit Committee are elected for a term of 3 years by the Supervisory 
Board. Currently, the Audit Committee consists of Mr Raino Paron (chairman), Mr Jan Andresoo and 
Ms Triinu Bucheton. 
8.5. Remuneration Committee  
Role and Duties. The Remuneration Committee is a corporate governance body formed by the 
Supervisory Board. The Remuneration Committee is formed for the purpose of assessing the 
principles of remuneration applied within the Company, developing a remuneration strategy for the 
members of the Management Board as well as for exercising supervision over the compliance with 
the applicable legal requirements in respect of risk management and capital adequacy.  
Members of the Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee comprises of three 
members. The members of the Remuneration Committee are elected for a term of 3 years by the 
Supervisory Board. Currently the members of the Remuneration Committee are Mr Jan Andresoo, 
Mr Rain Rannu and Mr Roberto de Silvestri. 
8.6. Remuneration and Benefits 
In remunerating its personnel, the Company’s decisions are based on the principles arising from the 
Credit Institutions Act and Company’s recruitment and remuneration policy. The principles for 
remunerating personnel stimulate sustainable growth and customer satisfaction, and are relying on 
trustworthy and effective risk management. In remuneration, the Company considers its employees’ 
personal contribution and job performance as well as the Company’s economic results.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
The structure of employee remuneration consists of two parts: 
- 
basic salary (fixed); 
- 
performance pay (decided separately for each employee). 
Basic salary and performance pay are in reasonable balance and the basic salary makes up a 
sufficiently high share of total remuneration so to enable non-payment of the bonus if needed. The 
basis for determining performance pay is a combination of the results by employees and the unit 
and Company’s overall results.  
Outside consultants are not involved in determining remuneration principles. 
The Company follows the provisions of the Credit Institutions Act in determining severance pay. No 
severance pay was paid in 2020. 
The total amount of remuneration and benefits paid to the members of the supervisory and 
management bodies of the Company during the financial year 2019 was EUR 954,000 (including 
applicable taxes) and for financial year 2020 this was EUR 897,000 (including applicable taxes). In 
addition to monetary remuneration, several members of the management bodies have been issued 
share options described in detail in Section 7.3 "Management and Key Employees Share Option 
Program".  
The Company has chosen not to disclose the amounts of remuneration and benefits of each single 
member of the supervisory and management bodies of the Group companies in order to protect the 
privacy and personal rights of the relevant persons. 
8.7. Share Ownership 
The Management Board members and their related persons held Shares and options as of the date 
of this Prospectus as follows: 
Management Board Member 
Number of Shares 
Share Options 
  
Held by 
Member 
Held by Related 
Persons13 
  
Priit Põldoja 
 23,000 
1,206,98414 
 
30,000 
Benas Pavlauskas 
14,500 
0 
3,000 
Jaanus Kõusaar 
 0 
9,75015 
22,500 
Maciej Pieczkowski 
 81,000 
0 
3,500 
Margus Kastein 
30,000 
1,75016 
2,500 
Marko Varik 
0 
119,57017 
23,500 
Piret Paulus 
0 
124,00018 
23,500 
 
13 Related persons include companies the shares of which are owned by the Management Board member, whereas the same 
percentage of the shares held by the related person in the Company is taken into account as is held by the Management 
Board member in the related person. 
14 Lamu Investeeringud OÜ, Cofi Investeeringud OÜ. 
15 Orbis OÜ. 
16 Goldbaum OÜ. 
17 Teeny OÜ, Canyon Invest OÜ. 
18 Perlio Holding OÜ.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
The Supervisory Board members and their related persons held Shares and options as of the date 
of this Prospectus as follows: 
Supervisory Board Member 
Number of Shares 
Share Options 
  
Held by 
Member 
Held by Related 
Persons19 
  
Jan Andresoo 
0 
1,082,87520 
30,000 
Rain Rannu 
18,000 
88,50021 
3,000 
Raino Paron 
0 
37,50022 
13,000 
Roberto de Silvestri 
824,800 
0 
18,000 
Taavi Kotka 
0 
3,25023 
5,000 
Triinu Bucheton 
 0 
30,45424 
0 
 
8.8. Conflicts of Interests 
According to the knowledge of the Management, there are no known actual or potential conflicts of 
interest between the duties of any of the members of the Management Board and the Supervisory 
Board to the Company or to any Group company, and their private interests or other duties. 
8.9. Statement of Compliance with Corporate Governance 
The Company complies with the corporate governance regime of the Republic of Estonia. The 
Company adheres to the Good Corporate Governance Code as approved by the EFSA. The Good 
Corporate Governance Code is intended mostly for publicly listed companies and is designed for 
companies with a wide ownership. The Company has thus adapted the Good Corporate Governance 
Code to its own specifics.  
The Good Corporate Governance Code is binding on the basis of "comply or explain principle". The 
requirements, which are currently not fully followed by the Company have been described in the 
latest Good Corporate Governance Report made available in the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group for the year ended on 31 December 2020. 
8.10. 
Statutory Auditors 
According to the Articles of Association, the General Meeting of shareholders appoint an external 
auditor for up to five years. The General Meeting of shareholders held on 30 March 2021 appointed 
Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers (registry code 10142876; having its registered address at Pärnu 
mnt 15, 10141 Tallinn, Estonia) to act as the statutory auditor of the Group for the financial years 
2021–2023. Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers has also previously been appointed as the 
statutory 
auditor 
of 
the 
Group 
for 
the 
financial 
years 
2017-2020. 
Aktsiaselts 
PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of the Estonian Auditors’ Association. 
 
19 Related persons include companies the shares of which are owned by the Supervisory Board member, whereas the same 
percentage of the shares held by the related person in the Company is taken into account as is held by the Supervisory Board 
member in the related person. 
20 OÜ JP Consult, Cofi Investeeringud OÜ. 
21 Good Times Company OÜ. 
22 OÜ PPG-Invest. 
23 Secure Consent OÜ. 
24 Quinn OÜ.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
The Audited Financial Statements have also been audited by sworn auditors Tiit Raimla (sworn 
auditor number 287) and Evelin Lindvers (sworn auditor number 622) from the audit company 
Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers. 
9. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
9.1. History and Development of Group  
The Group’s history goes back to 2010, the year in which a hire-purchase financing provider Cofi AS 
was founded. From the outset, the Company evolved out of the idea that banking should be local 
and product-based and that success hinges on having a precise focus. The Company was originally 
established by Mr Priit Põldoja and Mr Jan Andresoo who both are continuously actively contributing 
to the management of the Company as the Chairman of the Management Board and as the 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board.  
The Company launched their first hire-purchase product in 2011. Only three years later, the 
Company assessed itself to be a probable market leader in consumer financing in this field. As hire-
purchase was ideal for implementing a technology- and partner-based business model, the 
Company has thereafter broadened its partner-based cooperation model. 
In late 2011, in cooperation with ETK, the Estonian consumers’ cooperative (now known as Coop), 
the Company introduced Säästukaart Pluss – the first payment/loyalty/credit card of its kind in 
Estonia.  
In 2014 the Company introduced a loan product – Target Loan (in Estonian: Sihtlaen) – in cooperation 
with Krediidipank AS (now Coop Pank AS).  
In 2014 the Company entered into its first foreign market – Latvia – by establishing Cofi Lizings (now 
known as Inbank Latvia). 
On 10 April 2015 the Company obtained a banking license and started operating under a business 
name AS Inbank. During the first campaign to collect deposits the Company collected EUR 11 million 
of deposits in three days. 
In the second half of 2015, the Company partnered with Sanoma Baltics AS to offer the auto24 car 
loan in Estonia. 
In September 2016, the Company became public by listing its subordinated bonds on Nasdaq Tallinn 
Stock Exchange. A similar subordinated bond listing on Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange took place 
also in December 2019. 
In the end of 2016, the Company entered into its second foreign market – Poland – by establishing a 
Polish branch. 
In the beginning of 2017, the Company and Coop purchased Krediidipank AS (now Coop Pank AS) 
and during 2017 the Company sold its shareholdings in Coop Finants AS and Krediidipank Finants AS 
to Krediidipank AS (now Coop Pank AS). As a result of those transactions, the Company acquired as 
a financial investment a 18% shareholding in Krediidipank AS (now Coop Pank AS). 
In January 2018, the Company sold its shareholding in Veriff OÜ - a video banking and video 
identification solution provider it had founded in 2015.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
In May 2018, the Company entered into its third foreign market – Lithuania – by acquiring 100% of 
Mokilizingas UAB (later transformed into Mokilizingas AB and in the end of 2019 ultimately to a 
branch of AS Inbank) which is a consumer finance provider in Lithuania.  
In December 2018, the Company issued an innovative hybrid instrument for Estonian investors, AT1 
or Additional Tier 1 bond, in order to strengthen its capital structure and support fast growth. This 
bond has the features of both a subordinated loan as well as equity, but it is part of Tier 1 capital in 
the Company’s capital management. The Company was able to raise EUR 3.15 million of additional 
capital with the successful issue. A similar AT1 bond issue also took place in November 2021 when 
EUR 4.50 million was raised.  
In November 2019, the Company established a branch in Lithuania and merged Mokilizingas AB’s 
assets into its Lithuania branch by Q1, 2020. Inbank continues its operations in Lithuania under the 
business name AS Inbank Filialas.  
In December 2019 Mokilizingas Latvian branch ceased activities in Latvia. 
In December 2019, the Company increased shareholding to 30% in Maksekeskus AS, the largest 
payment services providers in Estonia, also operating in Latvia and Lithuania. 
In December 2020, the Company signed an agreement to acquire 53% of the full-service vehicle lease 
in Mobire Group OÜ. The transaction was completed on 26 January 2021. The purpose of the 
transaction was to strengthen the Group’s position in the car financing market and enter an 
innovative subscription-based business model.  
In July 2020, Aktiva Portfolio AS, where the Company is holding 34% of shares, was established for 
more efficient management of the debt portfolio of the Company. 
In October 2020, the Company launched its payment card and app InPay in Estonia. 
In April 2021, the Company established Inbank Finance AS. As of 1 July 2021, the Estonian credit-
issuing business i.e. sales finance, car finance and personal loans were moved under Inbank Finance 
AS. However, both legal entities continue to operate under the “Inbank” brand. 
In September 2021, the Company acquired a 30% shareholding in Paywerk AS. Paywerk AS is a 
Payment Service Provider and multimarket Pay Later platform. Paywerk AS does not issue credit but 
creates an ecosystem that facilitates transactions between European e-merchants and financial 
institutions. 
In October 2021 the Company decided to establish a branch in the Czech Republic. As at the date of 
this Prospectus the applications for registering the branch and obtaining a permission to provide 
financial services through the branch have been filed.  
In the period of 2020-2021 the Group has launched two new products: Indivy – a sales finance and 
pay later platform, and InPay – a payment app and card designed for everyday purchases. 
The Group gathers deposits to finance the consumer financing business in Group companies. 
Deposits are offered in euro in Estonia, Lithuania, Germany, Austria, Finland and the Netherlands 
and in Polish zloty in Poland. All deposits the Group receives are guaranteed by the Deposit 
Guarantee Sectoral Fund up to the amount of 100 thousand euros.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
9.2. Group Structure, Group Companies and Affiliated Companies of the Company 
Group Structure: 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Group structure is the following: 
 
 
Group Companies: 
AS Inbank. AS Inbank (the Company) is the holding company of the Group. The Company is an 
Estonian licensed credit institution with a main focus of issuing consumer credit products and 
collecting deposits. Whereas the Lithuanian and Latvian credit portfolios are managed by Inbank 
branches, the Estonian and Latvian credit portfolios have been separated into fully owned 
subsidiaries. Inbank AS remains responsible for the deposit collection, Inpay card product, corporate 
loans, investments and centralised functions covering all markets. 
Inbank Lithuania branch. Inbank Lithuania branch was established in November 2019. The main 
products of Inbank Lithuania branch are car loan, small loan, hire-purchase products and deposit 
collection.  
Inbank Poland branch. Inbank Poland branch was established in January 2017. The main products 
of Inbank Poland branch are hire-purchase, car loan and small loan products and collecting deposits. 
In 2019, a next generation sales financing solution e-POS in Poland was launched.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Inbank Czechia branch. The Management Board decided to establish a branch in the Czech Republic 
on 26 October 2021. As at the date of this Prospectus the applications for registering the branch and 
obtaining a permission to provide financial services through the branch have been filed. It is likely 
that the branch will be registered within 2021 and it will gain permission to provide credit and deposit 
services in mid-2022. The Company is planning for the branch to start providing financial services in 
the second half of 2022. 
AS Inbank Finance. AS Inbank Finance was established in April 2021. AS Inbank Finance is issuing 
consumer credit products i.e. sales finance, car finance and personal loans in Estonia. The reason 
for the establishment of Inbank Finance AS was to unify the Inbank legal structure across all markets 
by separating the Estonian business from the Group’s in the same way it was already done in Latvia, 
Lithuania and Poland. Inbank Finance AS is the operating entity managing the credit portfolio in 
Estonia.  
Inbank Latvia SIA. Inbank Latvia SIA was established in 2014. The main products of Inbank Latvia SIA 
are car loan, small loan, hire-purchase products.  
Inbank Payments OÜ. Inbank Payments OÜ is a holding company which was established in 
September 2019. As at the date of this Prospectus it does not have any assets. 
Mobire Group OÜ. Mobire Group OÜ offers full-service car rental, meaning that during the rental 
period the company provides vehicle related services, which are included in the rental price. Mobire 
Group OÜ is active in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
Aktiva Portfolio AS. Aktiva Portfolio AS has been established for more efficient management of the 
debt portfolio. 
Inbank Technologies OÜ. Inbank Technologies OÜ provides IT services to the Group. 
Maksekeskus AS. Maksekeskus AS is an easy-to-use platform to collect e-commerce payments from 
Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Finland. 
Maksekeskus Holding OÜ. Maksekeskus Holding OÜ is a holding company that focuses on 
investments in the finance sector and related financial technology companies. Maksekeskus Holding 
OÜ has a 29.8% shareholding in Maksekeskus AS, a 53% shareholding in Mobire Group OÜ and a 
30% shareholding in Paywerk AS. 
Paywerk AS. Paywerk AS is a Payment Service Provider and multimarket Pay Later platform. Paywerk 
AS does not issue credit but creates an ecosystem that facilitates transactions between European e-
merchants and financial institutions. 
Inbank AS is not dependent on any of its subsidiaries or associated companies, however certain 
technological services are provided to Inbank Group companies by Inbank Technologies OÜ. 
9.3. Business Segments 
Banking Services. The Company’s main business segment is the banking services business segment. 
The Company’s activities are concentrated on certain market and product segments – deposits, 
consumer loans, hire-purchase, factoring – where the Company has a strong technological 
advantage over competitors. The Company also has a number of strategic cooperation partnerships 
which enable the Company to sell its products by using the sale and marketing channels of those

--- Page 50 ---
50 
partners. The banking services business segment can be further broken down into retail banking 
and corporate banking. The retail banking services are offered to private individuals, whereas the 
clients of the corporate banking services are small and medium-sized companies. The Company’s 
loan portfolio as at 30 September 2021 comprised of 99% of consumer lending and 1% of corporate 
lending. 
9.4.  Geographical Markets 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Group is operating in eight geographical markets, of which the 
three Baltic countries – Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, and Poland are the most important. In Estonia, 
the Group is engaged in providing consumer financing and accepting public deposits. In Latvia the 
Group operates through a Latvian subsidiary of the Company which offers consumer financing 
services. In Poland and Lithuania, the Group operates through local branches which offer consumer 
financing and accept public deposits. In addition to the above-mentioned geographical markets and 
business segments, the Group accepts public deposits from Germany, Austria, the Netherlands and 
Finland but does not conduct any consumer financing activities in those markets. 
9.5. Investments  
The Group companies have made no significant investments since the date of the last published 
financial statements (Q3, 2021; Interim Financial Statements). The Interim Financial Statements are 
incorporated into this Prospectus. 
The Group companies are continuously seeking opportunities for the expansion of their business 
operations by investing into organic growth or seeking possible acquisition targets. 
As a general rule, the investments made by the Group companies are financed by own funds or by 
additional capital engaged from the shareholders or bondholders of the subordinated bonds of the 
Company. 
9.6. Material Agreements  
Introductory Remarks. The Group companies are not parties to any material agreements outside of 
their ordinary course of business, which may result in the Group companies being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to the Group company’s ability to meet its obligations to 
bondholders in respect of the Bonds. Nevertheless, this Section provides a general description of 
most relevant agreements. The level of detail of the information provided is limited due to the 
confidentiality provisions included in agreements. However, the Management believes that the 
provided data is sufficient for comprehending the overall contents of the agreements. 
Cooperation agreement with AllePal OÜ (formerly auto24 AS). In 2015 the Company and auto24 AS 
concluded a cooperation agreement with regard to offering auto24 car loan. The agreement has 
been updated from time to time by introducing new financing products and regulates the parties’ 
obligations in connection with the cooperation, including developing obligations, compensation 
matters and includes confidentiality clauses. The Management finds that the agreement protects 
the interests of the Company as it is detailed and the obligations of the parties are in balance. 
Cooperation agreements with Bite Lietuva UAB and Bite Latvia SIA. In 2017 the Mokilizingas AB and 
Bite Lietuva UAB concluded a cooperation agreement with regard to purchasing Bite Lietuva UAB’s 
claims which it has with its end-customers. The cooperation agreement was updated in 2020

--- Page 51 ---
51 
whereby the Group companies concluded cooperation agreements with both Bite Lietuva UAB and 
SIA BITE Latvia. These agreements regulate the parties’ obligations in connection with the 
cooperation, including developing obligations, compensation matters and includes confidentiality 
clauses. The Management finds that the agreements protect the interests of the Inbank Lithuania 
branch (formerly Mokilizingas AB) and SIA Inbank Latvia as they are detailed and the obligations of 
the parties are in balance. 
Cooperation agreement with PayU (one of the biggest payment services providers in Poland). In 2019 
the Company and PayU concluded a cooperation agreement with regard to offering financing to 
merchants through PayU payment solutions. The agreement regulates  the parties’ obligations in 
connection with the cooperation, including developing obligations, compensation matters and 
includes confidentiality clauses. The Management finds that the agreement protects the interests of 
the Company as it is detailed and the obligations of the parties are in balance. 
Cooperation agreement with Columbus (one of the biggest Green Energy solutions providers in 
Poland, publicly listed on Warsaw Stock Exchange). In 2019 the Company and Columbus concluded 
a cooperation agreement with regard to offering financing of domestic photovoltaic installations. 
The agreement regulates the parties’ obligations in connection with the cooperation, including 
developing obligations, compensation matters and includes confidentiality clauses. The 
Management finds that the agreement protects the interests of the Company as it is detailed and 
the obligations of the parties are in balance. 
The above-described agreements have not been concluded between persons acting in concert. 
In addition, the Group is currently in the process of selling its ownership in Maksekeskus AS.  
9.7. Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Group since 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of the 
Group since 30 September 2021 to the date of the Prospectus.  
There have been no material changes to the Group’s borrowing and funding structure since 
31 December 2020 except for the issue of an additional EUR 4.50 million of bonds qualifying as 
Additional Tier 1 capital in November 2021.  
There are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably 
likely to have a material effect on the issuer’s prospects for at least the current financial year, save 
for the ongoing uncertainty related to the COVID-19 crisis. 
9.8. Legal Proceedings  
In the course of its everyday business operations, the Group companies are customarily parties to 
legal and administrative proceedings.  
In legal proceedings (court proceedings) the Group companies act, in general, as plaintiffs seeking 
to recover debts from customers in default. Such debt recovery proceedings are part of everyday 
business operations of the Group companies. As at the date of this Prospectus, in all but one on-
going legal proceedings, Group companies involved are acting as plaintiffs and all such proceedings 
concern debt recovery.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Since the Group companies (most relevantly the Company) operate in the fields subject to extensive 
legal regulation, they are subject to numerous administrative proceedings initiated primarily by the 
EFSA in the course of ordinary financial supervision.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, none of the legal or administrative proceedings to which a Group 
company is a party to (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Management is aware) are considered likely to have any significant effects on the Group's financial 
position and there are no governmental, legal or administrative proceedings to which a Group 
company has been party to (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Management is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which 
may have, or have had, significant effects on the Group's financial position or profitability.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
10. 
TAXATION 
Introductory Remarks. The purpose of this section is to give an overview of the tax regime applicable 
to the bondholders and the Company. The below summary is in no way exhaustive and is not meant 
to constitute professional advice to any person. Tax legislation of the investor’s member state and 
of the Company’s country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the 
Bonds. In order to establish particular tax consequences of the Offering or the ownership of the 
Bonds, each individual investor is advised and strongly encouraged to seek specialist assistance. 
Capital Gains from Sale or Exchange of Bonds. Gains realised by an Estonian resident individual are 
taxable on a cash-basis. Upon the sale or exchange of securities (including the Bonds) gains are 
subject to income tax at the rate of 20%. Since all earnings of resident legal persons, including capital 
gains, are taxed only upon distribution of profits, capital gains realised by resident legal persons are 
not subject to immediate taxation. As a rule, capital gains received by non-residents from the sale or 
exchange of securities are not taxed in Estonia (except for certain securities related to Estonian real 
estate). The non-resident bondholders receiving capital gains from the sale or exchange of the Bonds 
may be subject to declaring and paying income tax in their respective countries of residence. For the 
purposes of capital gains taxation, the gain derived from the sale of securities (including the Bonds) 
is the difference between the acquisition cost and the sales price of such securities. The gain derived 
from the exchange of securities is the difference between the acquisition cost of securities subject 
to exchange and the market price of the property received as the result of the exchange. The 
expenses directly related to the sale or exchange of shares may be deducted from the gains but are 
generally rather limited. 
Taxation of Interest. Estonian resident individuals are subject to paying income tax (20%) on the 
interest received from loans, securities (including the Bonds) and other debt obligations. Therefore, 
interest (coupon payments) received by Estonian resident individuals from the Bonds is subject to 
income tax in Estonia. Income tax is withheld by the payor unless the resident individual notifies the 
Company that Bonds were acquired from funds held in the Investment Account. Since all earnings 
of resident legal persons are taxed only upon distribution (as described below), interest received by 
Estonian resident legal persons is not subject to immediate taxation. As a rule, interest payments 
received by non-residents are exempt in Estonia (i.e. no withholdings are made). Note, however, that 
non-resident bondholders receiving interest from the Bonds may be subject to declaring and paying 
income tax in their respective countries of residence. 
Investment Account. Individuals may defer the taxation of their investment income by using an 
investment account (in Estonian: investeerimiskonto) for the purposes of making transactions with 
financial assets (including the Bonds). An investment account is a monetary account opened with an 
European Economic Area or the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) 
member state credit institution, through which the transactions with the financial assets, taxation of 
income from which (e.g. capital gains, interest, etc.) a person wants to defer, shall be made. The 
moment of taxation of the financial income held on an investment account is postponed until such 
income is withdrawn from the investment account (i.e. the amount withdrawn from the account 
exceeds the amount which had been previously paid into the account). Therefore, financial income 
held at the investment account may be reinvested tax-free until it is withdrawn from the account.  
Pension Investment Account. Individuals who have decided to grow their Estonian mandatory 
funded pension (II Pillar) via pension investment account (PIA, in Estonian: pensioni

--- Page 54 ---
54 
investeerimiskonto), can also acquire the Bonds through PIA. Pension investment account is a 
separate bank account opened with an Estonian credit institution, which, on the one hand, is part of 
the mandatory funded pension system (incl. relevant benefits, such as additional contributions from 
the state), but on the other hand allows the person to make their own investment decisions.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
11. 
GLOSSARY 
Term 
Definition 
Aktiva Portfolio AS 
shall mean Aktiva Portfolio AS, an Estonian public limited company, 
registered in the Estonian Commercial Register under register code 
16013522, having its registered address at A. Weizenbergi tn 20, 10150 
Tallinn, Estonia. 
Audited 
Financial 
Statements 
shall mean the audited consolidated financial statements of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2019, and the audited consolidated financial 
statements of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 of the 
Company. 
Articles 
of 
Association 
shall mean the Articles of Association of the Company effective as at 
the date of this Prospectus. 
Bail-in Powers 
shall mean any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time 
to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, 
rules or requirements in effect in the Republic of Estonia, relating to (i) 
the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to the Financial 
Crisis Prevention and Resolution Act (finantskriisi ennetamise ja 
lahendamise seadus) as amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) 
the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to 
which any obligation of the Company (or any affiliate of the Company) 
can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Company or any other person (or 
suspended for a temporary period). 
Bonds 
shall mean any and all the Company’s subordinated bonds offered in 
accordance with this Prospectus. 
Company 
shall mean AS Inbank, an Estonian public limited company, registered 
in the Estonian Commercial Register under register code 12001988, 
having its registered address at Niine 11, 10414 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Coop Finants AS 
shall mean Coop Finants AS, an Estonian public limited company, 
registered in the Estonian Commercial Register under register code 
12087992, having its registered address at Narva mnt 4, 15014 Tallinn, 
Estonia. 
Coop Pank AS 
shall mean Coop Pank aktsiaselts, an Estonian public limited company, 
registered in the Estonian Commercial Register under register code 
10237832, having its registered address at Narva mnt 4, 15014 Tallinn, 
Estonia. 
COVID-19 
shall mean the infectious disease caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus. 
ERS 
shall mean the Estonian Register of Securities, operated by Nasdaq CSD 
SE Estonia branch, registered in the Estonian Commercial Register 
under register code 14306553, having its registered address at 
Maakri tn 19/1, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia. 
EUR 
shall mean the official currency of Eurozone countries, including 
Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, the euro. 
Eurozone 
shall mean the economic and monetary union (EMU) of the European 
Union member states, which have adopted euro as their single official 
currency. 
Excluded Territories 
Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, South Africa and any other 
jurisdiction where the distribution of this Prospectus and/or the 
transfer of the Bonds would breach applicable law. 
Financial 
Statements 
shall mean the Audited Financial Statements and the Interim Financial 
Statements.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
EFSA 
shall mean the Estonian Financial Supervision and Resolution Authority, 
a financial supervision institution with autonomous competence and a 
separate budget which conducts supervision over credit institutions, 
insurance companies, insurance intermediaries, investment firms, 
management companies, investment and pension funds as well as the 
payment service providers, e-money institutions and the securities 
markets that have been authorised by the Financial Supervision and 
Resolution Authority in the name of the state and which is independent 
in its activities and decisions. 
GDP 
shall mean gross domestic product, the market value of all officially 
recognized final goods and services produced within a country in a year, 
or another given period of time. 
General Meeting 
shall mean the General Meeting of shareholders of the Company, the 
highest governing body of the Company. 
Group 
shall mean the Company and all its Subsidiaries. 
IFRS 
shall mean the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted 
by the European Union. 
Inbank Latvia SIA 
shall mean Inbank Latvia SIA, a Latvian limited liability company, 
registered in the Latvian Register of Enterprises under register code 
40103821436, having its registered address at Akmeņu iela 14, Rīga, LV-
1048, Latvia. 
Inbank 
Lithuania 
branch 
shall mean AS Inbank filialas, registered in the Lithuanian Commercial 
Register under register code 305340173, having its registered address 
at Kareivių g. 11B, Vilnius, 09109 Lithuania.  
Inbank 
Payments 
OÜ 
shall mean Inbank Payments OÜ, an Estonian private limited company, 
registered in the Estonian Commercial Register under register code 
14790098, having its registered address at Niine 11, 10414 Tallinn, 
Estonia. 
Inbank 
Poland 
branch 
shall mean AS Inbank Spółka Akcyjna Oddział w Polsce, registered in the 
Polish Commercial Register under register code 0000635086, having its 
registered address at Fabryczna 5A, Riverside Park, 00-446 Warsaw, 
Poland. 
Inbank Technologies 
OÜ 
shall mean Inbank Technologies OÜ, an Estonian private limited 
company, registered in the Estonian Commercial Register under 
register code 12104213, having its registered address at Niine 11, 10414 
Tallinn, Estonia. 
Institutional 
Offering 
shall mean the offering of the Bonds in or outside Estonia to qualified 
investors or by private placement in accordance with Article 1(4)(a) and 
(b) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. 
Interim 
Financial 
Statements 
shall mean the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements as 
of and for the period ended 30 September 2019, including the 
comparative financial information as of and for the nine months ended 
on 30 September 2018 of the Company. 
Krediidipank Finants 
AS 
shall mean aktsiaselts Krediidipank Finants (later CP Vara AS), an 
Estonian public limited company, deleted from the Estonian 
Commercial Register on 14 August 2019.  
Maksekeskus 
Holding OÜ 
shall mean Maksekeskus Holding OÜ, an Estonian private limited 
company, registered in the Estonian Commercial Register under 
register code 12257075, having its registered address at Niine 11, 10414 
Tallinn, Estonia.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Management 
shall mean the Management Board and the Supervisory Board of the 
Company. 
Management Board 
shall mean the Management Board of the Company. 
Mobire Group OÜ 
shall mean Mobire Group OÜ, an Estonian private limited company, 
registered in the Estonian Commercial Register under register code 
14792996, having its registered address at Mäealuse 2/3, 12618 Tallinn, 
Estonia. 
Mokilizingas AB 
shall mean Mokilizingas AB, a Lithuanian public limited company, which 
has been merged into Inbank Lithuania branch.  
Nasdaq CSD 
shall mean Nasdaq CSD SE Estonian branch, registered in the Estonian 
Commercial register under register code 14306553, having its 
registered address at Maakri 19/1, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia, acting as the 
operator of the ERS. 
Nasdaq Tallinn Stock 
Exchange 
shall mean the only regulated market operated by Nasdaq Tallinn AS 
(registry code 10359206). 
Offer Price 
shall mean the final price per each Bond, which shall be a fixed price of 
EUR 1,000. 
Offering 
shall mean the Retail Offering and the Institutional Offering together. 
Offering Period 
shall mean the period within which investors will have the opportunity 
to submit Subscription Undertakings starting and ending at times 
provided in the Final Terms of each series. 
Paywerk AS 
shall mean Paywerk AS, an Estonian public limited company, registered 
in the Estonian Commercial Register under register code 16218310, 
having its registered address at Niine 11, 10414 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Prospectus 
shall mean this document, including the registration document of the 
Company and the securities notes of the Bonds. 
Restricted 
Territories 
shall mean member states of the European Economic Area (excluding 
Estonia). 
Retail Offering 
shall mean the offering of the Bonds to institutional and retail investors 
in Estonia, which is a public offering of securities within the meaning of 
the Estonian Securities Market Act and Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC. 
Resolution 
Authority 
shall mean the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-
in Powers in relation to the Company and/or the Group. 
Section 
shall mean a section of this Prospectus. 
Subscription 
Undertaking 
shall mean the order submitted by an investor for the purchase of the 
Bonds in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offering. 
Subsidiaries 
shall mean Inbank Latvia SIA, Inbank Payments OÜ, Inbank 
Technologies OÜ, Maksekeskus Holding OÜ, Inbank Finance AS and 
Mobire Group OÜ. 
Supervisory Board 
shall mean the Supervisory Board of the Company. 
Terms 
Terms and Conditions of the Bonds.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
12. 
INDEX OF SCHEDULES 
Schedule 1: Terms and Conditions of Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds 
Schedule 2: Articles of Association of the Company

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
COMPANY 
 
Inbank AS 
 
(Niine 11, Tallinn, Harju maakond, 10414, Estonia) 
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO COMPANY 
 
Ellex Raidla Advokaadibüroo OÜ 
 
(Roosikrantsi 2, Tallinn, Harju maakond, 10119, Estonia) 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
Aktsiaselts PricewaterhouseCoopers 
 
(Pärnu mnt 15, Harju maakond, Tallinn 10141, Estonia)

--- Page 60 ---
60 
SCHEDULE 1: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF TIER 2 SUBORDINATED BONDS 
 
This document applicable to the Program (as defined below) contains the terms and conditions of the 
Tier 2 subordinated bonds (the “Bonds” and the “Terms”) which (subject to completion of the Final Terms 
(as defined below) for each Series (as defined below) of such Bonds) shall be incorporated by reference 
into each such Bond. The relevant Final Terms in relation to any Series of Bonds, as the case may be, will 
specify specific terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with these Terms, replace and modify the following Terms for the purposes of such Bonds. The relevant 
Final Terms will be attached to each such Bond. 
AS Inbank, a limited liability company established and holding a credit institution license in Estonia, 
(“Inbank” or the “Company”) has established a Bond program for the issue of up to EUR 35,000,000 
in aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tier 2 subordinated bonds (the “Bonds”).  
The Bonds are issued in separate series (each, a “Series”) and the Bonds of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms whether as to currency, denomination, interest or maturity or otherwise. 
The Company may choose to issue additional Bonds of a certain Series after the Issue Date (as 
defined below). The Issue Price (as defined below) and Issue Date of such Bonds may or may not 
be identical in connection with further issues. 
Each Series will be the subject to the final terms (the “Final Terms”) attached to each Bond, a copy 
of which will be available through the Company’s website (https://inbank.ee/en/investor/bonds) 
and in the case of a Series in relation to which application has been made for admission to the 
Bonds List of the Tallinn Stock Exchange, will be filed with Nasdaq Tallinn AS on or before the date 
of issue of the Bonds of such Series. The Final Terms of each series will be filed with the EFSA (as 
defined below). 
References in these Terms to Bonds are to the Bonds of the relevant Series. 
1. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
In these Terms the following expressions have the following meanings, whereas 
additional expressions have been defined in other parts of these Terms, where 
clearly marked so: 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, 
delegated or implementing acts, regulatory or implementing technical standards, 
rules, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in 
effect in Estonia including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD 
IV and CRD V, BRRD, BRRD II and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy adopted by the EFSA, as replaced or amended 
from time to time, and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Company or the Group). 
“Bail-in Powers” means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time 
under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in the Republic of Estonia, relating to (i) the transposition of 
the BRRD (including but not limited to the Financial Crisis Prevention and Resolution 
Act (finantskriisi ennetamise ja lahendamise seadus) and the BRRD II as amended or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Company (or any affiliate of the 
Company) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Company or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period). 
“BRRD” means the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or 
replaced from time to time. 
“BRRD II” means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
and Directive 98/26/EC, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle inter-bank payments in euro in Tallinn and which is a settlement day 
of the Register. 
“Bonds” mean tier 2 (as defined by the Applicable Banking Regulations) 
subordinated bonds issued by the Company in accordance with these Terms and 
the Final Terms, representing unsecured debt obligation of the Company before the 
Bondholder. 
“Bondholder” is the owner of the Bond registered as such in the Register. 
“Capital Event” means the determination by the Company, after consultation with 
the EFSA, that the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant Series of Bonds 
ceases or would be likely to cease to be included in whole or in any part, or count in 
whole or in any part, towards the Tier 2 Capital of the Company in the essence of 
CRR and CRR II. 
“Company” means AS Inbank, register code 12001988. 
“CRD IV and CRD V” means the legislative package consisting of the CRD IV Directive, 
the CRD V Directive, the CRR, the CRR II and any CRD IV and CRD V Implementing 
Measures. 
“CRD IV Directive” means Directive (EU) 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and 
the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same 
may be amended or replaced from time to time. 
“CRD V Directive” means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time. 
“CRD IV and CRD V Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules 
or regulations, or other requirements, which are applicable to the Company or the 
Group and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or

--- Page 62 ---
62 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their 
inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Company or the Group (on a solo or 
consolidated basis, as the case may be) to the extent required by the CRD IV 
Directive, the CRD V Directive, the CRR or the CRR II, including for the avoidance of 
doubt any regulatory technical standards released by the European Banking 
Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof). 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time. 
“CRR II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as the same may be 
amended or replaced from time to time. 
“EFSA” means the Estonian Financial Supervision and Resolution Authority 
(Finantsinspektsioon) and any successor or replacement thereto or any other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision 
of the Company. 
“Final Terms” mean the set of additional terms and conditions of the particular 
series of Bonds, together with these Terms forming the full set of terms and 
conditions of the particular Series of the Bonds. 
“Group” means the Company together with its subsidiaries. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Bonds (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms). 
“Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Issue Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issue Price” means the price payable for one Bond upon the issue thereof as 
determined in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” means the date of ordinary redemption of the Bonds as 
determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
“Nominal Amount” shall mean the stated value of a Bond as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Outstanding Principal Amount” means the principal amount of the Bond on the 
Issue Date as reduced by any partial redemption or repurchase from time to time.  
“Program” means the issue of the Bonds in one or several Series in accordance with 
these Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
“Register” means Nasdaq Central Securities Depository (CSD) operated by Nasdaq 
CSD SE (register code 40003242879, registered address Vaļņu iela 1, Rīga LV-1050, 
Latvia) Estonian branch. 
“Relevant Amounts” means the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Bonds, 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the 
Bonds. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and 
payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Bail-in Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to 
exercise any Bail-in Powers in relation to the Company and/or the Group. 
“Series” means one or several issues of the Bonds in accordance with these Terms 
but in each case the relevant Final Terms, which may vary in respect of different 
series. 
“Tax Event” means: 
(i) 
any amendment to, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations 
thereunder) of the Taxing Jurisdiction affecting taxation; 
(ii) 
any governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
any amendment to, or change in, the official position or the interpretation of 
such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or governmental action or any 
interpretation, decision or pronouncement that provides for a position with 
respect to such law, treaty (or regulations thereunder) or governmental 
action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each 
case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory 
body in the Taxing Jurisdiction, irrespective of the manner in which such 
amendment, change, action, pronouncement, interpretation or decision is 
made known, 
which amendment or change is effective or such governmental action, 
pronouncement, interpretation or decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date 
of the relevant Series of Bonds and as a result of which: 
(i) 
the Company is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other 
governmental charges with respect to such Bonds or is not, or will not be, 
entitled to claim a deduction in respect of payments in respect of such Bonds 
in computing its taxation liabilities (or the value of such deduction would be 
materially reduced); or 
(ii) 
the treatment of any of the Company’s items of income or expense with 
respect to such Bonds as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated 
returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Company will not be respected by a taxing 
authority, which subjects the Company to additional taxes, duties or other 
governmental charges. 
“Taxing Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or any 
other jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof, having power to tax in which the Company is treated as having a 
permanent establishment, under the income tax laws of such jurisdiction.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
“Terms” mean these terms and conditions of the Bonds as established by the 
management board of the Company, together with the relevant Final Terms forming 
an agreement between the Company and a Bondholder in respect of the issue and 
redemption of a Bond and rights and obligations arising from the Bond. 
“Tier 2 Capital” means tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
(b) 
In these Terms  
(i) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1(a) (Interpretation - Definitions) to 
have the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final 
Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “Not 
Applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Bonds; 
(ii) 
references to any act or other regulatory instrument or any provision of any 
act or other regulatory instrument shall be deemed also to refer to any 
statutory modification or re-enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, 
order or regulation made thereunder or under such modification or re-
enactment. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Currency 
(a) 
Form 
The Bonds are issued in dematerialised book-entry form. The Bonds are not 
numbered.  
(b) 
Denomination 
The Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Currency 
The Bonds may be denominated in the euro. 
3. 
Title, Transfer, Delivery and Transferability 
(a) 
Title 
The title to the Bonds passes by the registration in the Register. References herein 
to the “Bondholders” signify the persons in whose names such Bonds are so 
registered. 
(b) 
Transfer 
The Bonds can be transferred from one securities account to another by the 
registrar of the Register by way of debiting the first securities account and crediting 
the other securities account in the amount of the corresponding number of 
securities. Ownership of a Bond is deemed to have changed in respect of the 
Company as from the moment a relevant entry is made in the Register, i.e. when a 
Bond is transferred to the securities account of the respective Bondholder. 
(c) 
Delivery 
The Company organises the registration of the Bonds in the Register and their 
deletion from the Register upon their redemption. Only persons who have securities 
accounts (whether directly of via a nominee structure) with the Register can 
subscribe for or purchase the Bonds.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(d) 
Transferability 
The Bonds are freely transferrable; however, any Bondholder wishing to transfer 
the Bonds must ensure that any offering related to such transfer would not be 
qualified an offering requiring the publication of a prospectus in the meaning of the 
applicable law. Ensuring that any offering of the Bonds does not require publication 
of a prospectus under the applicable law is the obligation and liability of the 
Bondholder.  
The Register may temporarily block the Bonds on a Bondholder’s securities account 
to ensure performance of corporate actions regarding the Bonds. 
4. 
Status 
The Bonds will be subordinated to all unsubordinated claims against the Company. The 
subordination of the Bonds means that upon the liquidation (likvideerimine) or bankruptcy 
(pankrot) of the Company, all the claims arising from the Bonds shall fall due in accordance 
with these Terms and shall be satisfied only after the full satisfaction of all unsubordinated 
recognised claims against the Company in accordance with the applicable law. Therefore, 
upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Company, the Bondholders are not entitled to 
any payments due under the Bonds until the full and due satisfaction of all the 
unsubordinated claims against the Company. In case of bankruptcy of the Company the 
Bondholders are only entitled to payments after the full and due satisfaction of all 
recognised claims under the Company that do not derive from instruments that qualify as 
own funds’ instruments under Articles 26-88 of the CRR, as amended by CRR II. By 
subscribing to the Bonds or acquiring the Bonds from a secondary market, the Bondholder 
unconditionally and irrecoverably agrees to such subordination of claims arising from any 
Bonds.  
As long as there are no liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings initiated against the 
Company, all claims arising from the Bonds shall be satisfied in accordance with these 
Terms and the applicable law. Notwithstanding any rights of the Bondholder under these 
Terms or the law, by subscribing to Bonds or acquiring the Bonds from a secondary market 
the Bondholder unconditionally and irrevocably relinquishes the right to demand 
premature redemption of any Bonds. 
No Bondholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off (tasaarvestus) against 
moneys owed by the Company in respect of such Bonds.  
5. 
Interest 
The Bonds shall bear interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount from and including their 
Issue Date (as specified in the Final Terms) to, but excluding, the date of any final 
redemption at the rate per annum specified in the Final Terms. Such interest will be payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date as is specified in the relevant Final Terms and on 
the date of any final redemption.  
The determination by the Company of all amounts of interest for the purposes of this 
Condition 5 shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and binding on all parties.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Bonds shall be 
redeemed at their principal amount on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Early Redemption as a result of Tax Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, but subject to having obtained the relevant 
EFSA permission if such permission is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, the Company may, at its option, having given not less than 30 days’ 
notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Bonds of the relevant 
Series at any time at a redemption amount equal to their Outstanding Principal 
Amount together with interest (if any) accrued up to but excluding the date of 
redemption. 
(c) 
Early Redemption as a result of Capital Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, but subject to having obtained the relevant 
EFSA permission if such permission is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, the Company may, at its option, having given not less than 30 days’ 
notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at any time redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Bonds of 
the relevant Series at a redemption amount equal to their Outstanding Principal 
Amount, together with interest (if any) accrued up to but excluding the date of 
redemption. 
(d) 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
After 5 years have passed from the Issue Date of the Bonds of the relevant Series 
and having obtained the relevant EFSA permission if such permission is then 
required under the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Company may, having given 
not less than 30 days’ notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem fully or partially the Bonds at their 
Outstanding Principal Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon.  
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition 6(d)  is a notice given by the 
Company to the Bondholders, which notice shall be signed by a duly authorised 
officer of the Company and shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Bonds subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether the Bonds of such Series are to be redeemed in whole or in part 
only and, if in part only, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Bonds which are to be redeemed; 
(iii) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 days after 
the date on which such notice is validly given; and 
(iv) 
the amount at which such Bonds are to be redeemed, which shall be their 
Outstanding Principal Amount together with accrued interest thereon. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the 
Company to make the redemption therein specified.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(e) 
Partial Redemption 
If the Bonds of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 6(d), the Bonds shall be redeemed pro rata to their Outstanding 
Principal Amount, subject always to compliance with all applicable laws, and the 
rules of the stock exchange on which the Bonds have then been admitted to trading. 
(f) 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Bonds 
All Bonds redeemed or purchased in accordance with this Condition 6 will be 
cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. References in this Condition 6(f) to the 
purchase of the Bonds by the Company shall not include the purchase of Bonds 
otherwise than as beneficial owner. 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Should any amounts payable in cash or in kind (whether in respect of principal, 
redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in respect of the Bonds be subject to 
withholding or deduction of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to 
tax, the Company shall be entitled to withhold or deduct the respective taxes or 
duties. For the avoidance of doubt, any such withholdings or deductions shall be 
made by the Company on the account of the Bondholder with the Company having 
no obligation to compensate the withheld or deducted tax amounts to the 
Bondholder. 
(b) 
Should an applicable treaty for the avoidance of double taxation set forth lower 
withholding rates than those otherwise applicable to the interest payment under 
Estonian domestic law, the respective Bondholder shall be requested to provide the 
documents necessary for application of the respective treaty (including, but not 
limited to, residence certificate issued or attested by the tax authority of the 
residence state of the Bondholder) at least 15 (fifteen) days prior to the payment. If 
such documents are not presented to the Company, the Company shall be entitled 
to withhold tax at the rates set forth by the Estonian domestic legislation. 
(c) 
Individuals may postpone the taxation of their (interest) income from the Bonds by 
using an investment account (investeerimiskonto) for making transactions with the 
Bonds and notifying the Company in a form reproducible in writing at least 15 
(fifteen) days prior to the payment that they are entitled to benefit from the 
investment account special tax regime. At the date of these Terms, individuals are 
entitled to benefit from the investment account special tax regime if they have 
acquired the Bonds on account of monetary means held at the respective 
Bondholder’s investment account. If the relevant notice is not duly presented to the 
Company, the Company shall be entitled to withhold tax in accordance with the 
general withholding rules.  
(d) 
Any reference in these Terms to interest in respect of the Bonds shall be deemed 
also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 
7 or any undertaking given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable by the Company in 
respect of payments of principal under the Bonds.  
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise, including on the 
final redemption) due on the Bonds will be made to the Bondholders thereof, as 
appearing in the Register at the close of business on the Business Day preceding

--- Page 68 ---
68 
the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”). Payment of amounts due on 
the final redemption of the Bonds will be made simultaneously with deletion of the 
Bonds, or, if so required by the Company, against delivery of the Bonds to the 
Company. If the due date for payment of the final redemption amount of the Bonds 
is not a Business Day, the Bondholder thereof will not be entitled to payment 
thereof until the next following Business Day and no further payment shall be due 
in respect of such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay 
in accordance with these Terms. 
(b) 
If the Company fails to transfer any amount payable to a Bondholder in connection 
with the Bond by the due date, the Company undertakes to pay delay interest to the 
Bondholder on the outstanding amount as from the payment deadline until actual 
payment at the rate specified in the Final Terms. 
9. 
Limitation Period 
Claims against the Company in respect of the Bonds will expire (aeguvad) unless made 
within 3 years after the due date for payment. 
10. 
Notices 
(a) 
To Bondholders 
Notices to Bondholders will be deemed to be validly given published through the 
information system of the stock exchange in which they are listed (if applicable) or 
in case of unlisted Bonds if sent to them at their respective addresses as recorded 
in the Register and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Business 
Day after the date of sending the notice by registered mail and on the next Business 
Day after sending the notice by e-mail. 
(b) 
To Company 
Notices to the Company will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to Niine 11, 
10414 Tallinn, Estonia or it delivered by e-mail to investor@inbank.ee (or at such 
other addresses as may have been notified to the Holders of the Bonds in 
accordance with this Condition 10 or via the Company’s website) and will be deemed 
to have been validly given at the opening of business on the next day on which the 
Company’s principal office is open for business. 
11. 
Further Issues 
The Company may from time to time without the consent of the Bondholders of any Series 
create and issue further Bonds of that Series and other debt securities having terms and 
conditions the same as those of the Bonds of that Series or the same except for the amount 
of the first payment of interest (if any), which may be consolidated and form a single issue 
with and bear the same ISIN code as the outstanding Bonds of the respective Series. 
12. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Bonds and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of 
them are governed by Estonian law and subjected to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
Estonia. 
13. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Bonds or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Company and any Bondholder

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(which, for the purposes of this Condition 13, includes each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Bonds), by its acquisition of the Bonds, each Bondholder acknowledges and accepts 
that any liability arising under the Bonds may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees 
to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, 
or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Bonds;  
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of 
the Bonds into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Company or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the 
Bondholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Bonds; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Bonds or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Bonds; 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the amount of interest payable on the 
Bonds, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Bonds, as deemed necessary by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BONDS 
FINAL TERMS OF THE BONDS 
[Date] 
AS INBANK 
Issue of EUR [Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Series] Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds 
under the EUR 35,000,000 Bond Programme 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tier 2 Subordinated Bonds. This document constitutes the Final Terms for the 
Bonds described herein and must be read in conjunction with such Terms and with the base 
prospectus drawn up by the Company, dated 29 November 2021 (the “Prospectus”). Full 
information on the Company and the offer of the Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms, the Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus is available for 
viewing through the Company’s website (https://inbank.ee/en/investor/bonds). 
A summary of this series has been appended to these Final Terms. The Final Terms have been 
approved by a decision of the Company’s Management Board of [date]. The Final Terms have been 
filed with the EFSA, but are not subject to approval proceedings. 
 
1.  
Issuer 
AS Inbank 
2.  
Number of series 
[       ] 
3.  
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount of the Series 
EUR [amount]. [The Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
series may be increased by the Company up to EUR 
[amount] until the Issue Date] 
4.  
Issue currency 
EUR 
5.  
Nominal Amount 
EUR 1,000 
6.  
Issue Price  
100% of the original Nominal Amount 
7.  
Issue Date and Interest 
Commencement Date 
[date] 
8.  
Maturity Date 
[date] 
9.  
Redemption/Payment 
Basis 
Redemption at par 
10.  
Interest 
 
11.  
i. Calculation basis 
Fixed interest 
12.  
ii. Interest Payment Dates 
[description] 
 
iii. Interest Rate 
 
[number]% per annum

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
iv. 
Interest 
calculation 
method 
30/360 
 
v. Rate of delay interest 
0.025% per day 
13.  
Yield 
[number]% per annum. Yield is calculated based on the 
Nominal Amount and on the Issue Date. Actual yield 
may differ depending on the price paid for a specific 
bond by an investor  
14.  
Subscription Period 
[beginning and end times of period] 
15.  
ISIN code 
[code] 
16.  
Listing and admission to 
trading 
Application will be made to the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock 
Exchange for the Bonds to be admitted to the Baltic 
Bond List of the Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange 
 
 
Signed on behalf of AS Inbank  
 
______ 
Date:

--- Page 72 ---
72 
SCHEDULE 2: ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY 
 
1 . 
BUSINESS NAME AND REGISTERED OFFICE 
1.1. 
The business name of the Public Limited Company is AS Inbank (hereinafter the Bank). 
1.2. 
The registered office of the Bank is Tallinn, the Republic of Estonia. 
2 . 
FINANCIAL YEAR 
2.1. 
The financial year of the Bank is a calendar year (01 January to 31 December). 
3 . 
SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES 
3.1. 
The minimum share capital of the Bank is five hundred thousand (500,000) euros and 
the maximum capital is two million (2,000,000) euros. 
3.2. 
The nominal value of a share of the Bank is 0.10 euros and each share grants one (1) 
vote at the General Meeting. 
3.3. 
The Bank shall only have registered shares. The shares are of one class and grant their 
holders the same rights. 
3.4. 
Upon payment for shares by a monetary contribution, the contribution shall be paid 
to the bank account specified in the resolution on increase of the capital. Shares may 
be paid for in another manner than by a monetary contribution only in the cases 
provided for by law. 
3.5. 
In order to cover any possible future losses, the Bank shall form legal reserve, the 
minimum amount of which is one-tenth (1/10) of the amount of the share capital. Each 
financial year at least one-twentieth (1/20) of the net profit of the Bank shall be 
transferred to the legal reserve until the minimum amount of the legal reserve is 
reached. The General Meeting may decide that other amounts will also be transferred 
to the legal reserve. The legal reserve may also be used to increase the share capital. 
3.6. 
The Bank may issue registered convertible bonds, the sum of the nominal values of 
which may not be more than 1/10 of the share capital and the holders of which have 
the right to convert their bonds to shares. 
4 . 
RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDER 
4.1. 
In accordance with the sum of the nominal values of the shares held by a shareholder, 
a share shall grant the shareholder the right to participate in the management and 
profit distribution of the Bank and, upon dissolution of the Bank, the right to receive a 
respective share of the assets of the Bank. 
4.2. 
Shares of the Bank may be freely transferred. 
5 . 
GENERAL MEETING 
5.1. 
The General Meeting of shareholders is the highest managing body of the Bank. 
5.2. 
An annual General Meeting shall be called by the Management Board no later than 
within three (3) months of the end of the financial year.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
5.3. 
A special General Meeting shall be called by the Management Board in the cases 
provided for by law. Shareholders shall be notified of an annual General Meeting at 
least three (3) weeks before the General Meeting and of a special General Meeting at 
least one (1) week before the General Meeting. The notice shall be sent in such a 
manner that, under normal conditions of delivery, it reaches the addressee no later 
than by the aforementioned due dates. 
5.4. 
A notice of a General Meeting shall be sent to shareholders by registered letter to the 
address entered in the share register. 
5.5. 
A notice of a General Meeting may also be sent by non-registered letter, fax or 
electronically if a notice concerning the obligation to immediately send 
acknowledgement of receipt of the document is appended to the letter or fax. A notice 
sent by non-registered letter, fax or electronically shall be deemed to have been 
delivered if the recipient sends the Management Board acknowledgement of receipt 
of the document in writing, by fax or electronically at the recipient’s discretion. 
5.6. 
If the Bank has more than 50 shareholders, notices need not be sent to shareholders; 
however, a notice of a General Meeting shall be published in at least one national daily 
newspaper. 
5.7. 
General Meetings of the Bank shall be held in the Republic of Estonia. 
5.8. 
The rules of procedure of a General Meeting shall be as follows: 
(1) 
a list of shareholders who participate in the Meeting shall be prepared, which 
shall set out the names of the shareholders who participate in the Meeting and 
the number of votes attaching to their shares as well as the name and 
signature of the representative of the shareholder; 
(2) 
the Meeting shall be opened by the chairperson of the Supervisory Board or 
Management Board of the Bank; 
(3) 
the chairperson and the recording secretary of the Meeting shall be elected; 
(4) 
the legality and quorum of the Meeting shall be recognised; 
(5) 
the agenda shall be approved. 
5.9. 
At an annual General Meeting: 
(1) 
the annual report, auditor’s report and profit distribution proposal made by 
the Management Board in respect of the previous year shall be examined; 
(2) 
the opinion of the Supervisory Board shall be heard and the report of the 
Supervisory Board shall be examined; 
(3) 
the approval of the annual report shall be decided; 
(4) 
the distribution of profit or adoption of measures shall be decided if this is 
caused by a loss set out in the audited annual report; 
(5) 
the number, election (incl. extension of authority) and remuneration of 
auditors and members of the Supervisory Board shall be decided, if necessary; 
(6) 
other issues provided for by law or specified in the notice of the General 
Meeting shall be decided and discussed.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
5.10. A General Meeting has a quorum if more than two-thirds (2/3) of the votes determined 
by all shares are represented at the meeting. If a sufficient number of votes is not 
represented at a General Meeting, the Management Board shall call a new General 
Meeting with the same agenda. The new General Meeting has a quorum regardless of 
the number of votes represented at the General Meeting. 
5.11. Shareholders may vote on the draft resolutions prepared in respect of the items on 
the agenda of a General Meeting using electronic means prior to the General Meeting 
or during the General Meeting if this is possible in a technically secure manner. The 
procedure for electronic voting shall be determined by the Management Board. 
5.12. A resolution of a General Meeting shall be adopted if more than two-thirds (2/3) of the 
votes represented at the General Meeting are in favour unless otherwise provided for 
by law or the Articles of Association. In the election of a person at a General Meeting, 
the candidate who receives more votes than the others shall be deemed to be elected. 
Upon an equal division of votes, lots shall be drawn. 
5.13. The minutes shall be signed by the chairperson and the recording secretary of the 
Meeting. The list of shareholders who participate in the Meeting shall be signed by the 
chairperson and the recording secretary of the Meeting and each shareholder or the 
shareholder’s representative who participated in the General Meeting. 
5.14. If the Bank has one shareholder or if, in addition to such a shareholder, the only other 
shareholder is the Bank itself or if there are more shareholders provided that they all 
agree to and sign the resolution, resolutions may be adopted without observing the 
requirements for the agenda, notice, place, holding procedure and minutes of the 
General Meeting provided for by law. In such an event, a resolution shall be prepared 
in writing and signed by shareholders and such a resolution shall set forth, among 
other, the names of the shareholders, the number of votes and the time of the 
adoption of the resolution. 
6 . 
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
6.1. 
The Supervisory Board shall plan the activities of the Bank, give instructions to the 
Management Board for the organisation of the management of the Bank and 
supervise the activities of the Bank and the activities of the Management Board of the 
Bank and adopt resolutions on issues provided for by law or the Articles of Association. 
The Supervisory Board shall present to the General Meeting a report on its activities 
during the year. The report shall contain an assessment of the annual report. 
6.2. 
The authority and obligations of the Supervisory Board shall include, but not be limited 
to, the following: 
(1) 
approval of the strategy of the Bank and general principles of its activities; 
(2) 
approval of the credit and investment policy of the Bank; 
(3) 
approval of the principles of remuneration of members of the Management 
Board and employees of the Bank and assessment of implementation thereof; 
(4) 
approval of the general risk management principles and strategy of the Bank; 
(5) 
approval of the organisational structure of the Bank and principles thereof; 
(6) 
approval of the general principles of monitoring the activities of the Bank;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
(7) 
election and removal of members of the Management Board of the Bank, 
chairperson and deputy chairperson of the Management Board and 
procurators and deciding on their remuneration; 
(8) 
approval of the statutes of the Internal Audit Unit of the Bank, appointment 
and release from office of the head of the Internal Audit Unit and, on the 
proposal of the head of the Internal Audit Unit, appointment and release from 
office of employees of the Internal Audit Unit; 
(9) 
approval of the budget and investment plan of the Bank; 
(10) 
deciding on the foundation and closure of branches in foreign states; 
(11) 
acquisition (incl. increase) and transfer (incl. reduction) of holdings in other 
companies (incl. foundation and liquidation of companies) if the volume of the 
transaction exceeds 10 percent of the Bank’s own funds or of the share capital 
of the other company or such a rate is reached with this transaction; 
(12) 
establishment of the general principles of activities and authority of the Credit 
Committee; 
(13) 
deciding on the conclusion of transactions that are beyond the scope of the 
everyday economic activities of the Bank; 
(14) 
deciding on the conclusion of transactions with members of the Management 
Board of the Bank and appointment of a representative of the Bank in such 
transactions; 
(15) 
filing claims against members of the Management Board of the Bank and 
appointment of a representative of the Bank in such claims; 
(16) 
determination of the agenda of the General Meeting (except in the cases 
provided for by law); 
(17) 
deciding on other matters placed within the authority of the Supervisory Board 
by law and the Articles of Association. 
6.3. 
The Supervisory Board has the right to increase the share capital by way of 
contributions within 3 (three) years as of the entry into force of this version of the 
articles of association. The Supervisory Board may increase share capital up to 1/10 of 
the share capital that was registered during the entry into force of this version of the 
articles of association.” 
6.4. 
The Supervisory Board shall consist of five (5) to seven (7) members who are elected 
by the General Meeting for three (3) years. 
6.5. 
Members of the Supervisory Board shall elect a chairperson from among themselves, 
who shall organise the activities of the Supervisory Board. If the chairperson of the 
Supervisory Board cannot perform their duties, the remaining members of the 
Supervisory Board may elect, by consensus, from among themselves a member who 
shall substitute for the chairperson of the Supervisory Board during the absence of 
the chairperson. 
6.6. 
Meetings of the Supervisory Board shall be held when necessary, but not less often 
than once (1) every three (3) months. A meeting of the Supervisory Board shall be 
called if this is demanded by a member of the Supervisory Board, a member of the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Management Board, an auditor, the head of the Internal Audit Unit or the chairperson 
of the Audit Committee, shareholders whose shares represent at least one-tenth of 
the share capital or other persons prescribed by law. 
6.7. 
Advance notice of at least one (1) week shall be given of the holding of a meeting of 
the Supervisory Board and of its agenda. 
6.8. 
Meetings of the Supervisory Board shall be held in the place determined by the 
chairperson of the Supervisory Board in the Republic of Estonia or abroad. 
6.9. 
A meeting of the Supervisory Board shall be called and the meeting shall be chaired 
by the chairperson of the Supervisory Board or a member of the Supervisory Board 
substituting for the latter. 
6.10. A meeting of the Supervisory Board has a quorum if more than one-half of the 
members of the Supervisory Board participate in the meeting. A member of the 
Supervisory Board may participate in a meeting of the Supervisory Board and exercise 
their rights using electronic means without physically attending the meeting, by means 
of real-time two-way communication or in another similar electronic way, which 
enables a member of the Supervisory Board to watch the meeting from a remote 
location and address the meeting, and to vote upon adoption of resolutions. 
6.11. A resolution of the Supervisory Board shall be adopted if more than one-half of the 
members of the Supervisory Board who participate in voting vote in favour of the 
resolution. Each member of the Supervisory Board shall have one vote. A member of 
the Supervisory Board shall not be entitled to authorise other persons, except for 
another member of the Supervisory Board, to participate in and vote at meetings of 
the Supervisory Board. Upon an equal division of votes, the chairperson of the 
Supervisory Board or the member substituting for the latter shall have the deciding 
vote. A member of the Supervisory Board does not have the right to abstain from 
voting or to remain undecided. 
6.12. Minutes shall be taken of all meetings of the Supervisory Board. The minutes shall be 
signed by all members of the Supervisory Board who participate in the meeting and 
by the recording secretary of the meeting. 
6.13. The Supervisory Board has the right to adopt resolutions without calling a meeting. 
The rules of procedure shall be as follows: 
(1) 
the chairperson of the Supervisory Board shall send a draft resolution to all 
members of the Supervisory Board and specify the term within which the 
members of the Supervisory Board have to submit their position on it in a 
format that can be reproduced in writing. If a member of the Supervisory 
Board does not notify in due course whether they are for or against the 
resolution, it shall be deemed that they vote against the resolution; 
(2) 
a resolution shall be deemed adopted if more than one-half of members of the 
Supervisory Board are in favour thereof; 
(3) 
the chairperson of the Supervisory Board shall prepare a record of vote on the 
results of voting and send it to members of the Supervisory Board and the 
Management Board without delay.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
6.14. A resolution of the Supervisory Board may also be formalised without advance notice 
and a record of vote if all members of the Supervisory Board agree to and sign the 
resolution. A resolution shall set out the names of the members of the Supervisory 
Board and the time when the resolution was adopted. 
6.15. The conclusion of a transaction with a member of the Supervisory Board shall be 
decided and the amount of the remuneration of the member shall be determined by 
the General Meeting. 
7 . 
MANAGEMENT BOARD 
7.1. 
The Bank shall be managed by the Management Board of the Bank pursuant to law 
and the Articles of Association and within the authority granted by the General 
Meeting and the Supervisory Board. The Management Board shall develop the 
strategy and budget of the Bank, which shall be presented to the Supervisory Board 
for approval. The Management Board shall manage the everyday activities of the Bank 
pursuant to the strategy, budget and general principles of activities approved by the 
Supervisory Board. The Management Board shall monitor the activities of employees 
of the Bank. 
7.2. 
The Management Board shall present a report on its activities as well as on the 
economic activities and economic situation of the Bank to the Supervisory Board at 
least once every three months. The Management Board shall inform members of the 
Supervisory Board without delay of any deterioration in the economic situation of the 
Bank, threat thereof or deviation from prudential ratios. 
7.3. 
The Management Board shall consist of three (3) to seven (7) members who are 
elected by the Supervisory Board for three (3) years. 
7.4. 
The chairperson of the Management Board shall organise the work of the 
Management Board and call and chair meetings of the Management Board. If the 
chairperson of the Management Board cannot perform their duties, the Supervisory 
Board shall determine a substitute for the latter from among members of the 
Management Board. 
7.5. 
The chairperson of the Management Board or a member substituting for the latter 
shall call the Management Board as often as the issues of the Bank require. The 
chairperson of the Management Board or a member substituting for the latter must 
call a meeting of the Management Board at the request of a member of the 
Management Board or Supervisory Board. Resolutions of significant importance from 
the point of view of the Bank shall be adopted at a meeting of the Management Board. 
7.6. 
Meetings of the Management Board shall be held in the place determined by the 
chairperson of the Management Board in the Republic of Estonia or abroad. 
7.7. 
A meeting of the Management Board has a quorum if more than one-half of members 
of the Management Board participate in the meeting of the Management Board. A 
resolution of the Management Board shall be adopted if all the members of the 
Management Board who participated in the meeting vote in favour of the resolution. 
A member of the Management Board shall not be entitled to authorise other persons, 
except for another member of the Management Board, to participate in and vote at 
meetings of the Management Board. A member of the Management Board does not 
have the right to abstain from voting or to remain undecided.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
7.8. 
A resolution of the Management Board may be formalised without calling a meeting 
and a record of vote if all members of the Management Board agree to and sign the 
resolution. A resolution shall set out the names of the members of the Management 
Board and the time when the resolution was adopted. 
7.9. 
A person acting in the name of the Bank may not represent the Bank in concluding 
transactions or holding legal disputes with a third person with regard to whom the 
person acting in the name of the Bank or a person with an economic interest 
equivalent to that of such person has personal economic interests. 
8 . 
CREDIT COMMITTEE 
8.1. 
The Management Board of the Bank shall form the Credit Committee that acts 
pursuant to the principles of action approved by the Supervisory Board. The Credit 
Committee shall report to the Management Board of the Bank. 
8.2. 
The Credit Committee shall consist of at least five (5) members. The exact number shall 
be determined by the Management Board in accordance with the needs of the Bank 
and the Credit Committee. Members shall elect a chairperson from among 
themselves, who shall organise the activities of the Committee. A member of the Credit 
Committee is the chairperson of the Management Board, who may not be the 
chairperson of the Credit Committee or chair a session of the Credit Committee. 
8.3. 
Sessions of the Credit Committee shall be closed. The Credit Committee has a quorum 
if more than one-half of the members of the Committee participate. A member of the 
Credit Committee does not have the right to abstain from voting or to remain 
undecided. Upon an equal division of votes, the chairperson of the Committee shall 
have the deciding vote. 
8.4. 
Minutes shall be taken of sessions of the Credit Committee. The minutes shall be 
signed by all members of the Committee who participate in the session and by the 
recording secretary. The positions of members and dissenting opinions of members 
shall be recorded in the minutes. 
8.5. 
The Credit Committee does not have the right to decide on granting and renewing a 
loan that exceeds the limit established by the Supervisory Board of the Bank or 
granting any other extraordinary loan without a prior resolution of the Supervisory 
Board. 
9 . 
INTERNAL AUDIT UNIT 
9.1. 
An independent Internal Audit Unit shall operate as part of the internal control system 
of the Bank and the Internal Audit Unit shall monitor the activities of the Bank and 
operate in accordance with the procedure provided for in the statutes approved by 
the Supervisory Board of the Bank. 
9.2. 
The Internal Audit Unit shall assess the ordinary business of the Bank and the 
suitability and adequacy of the internal rules and rules of procedure for the activities 
of the credit institution, regularly monitor compliance with the requirements, rules of 
procedure, limitations and other rules established by the Supervisory Board and the 
Management Board, and monitor compliance with precepts issued by the Financial 
Supervision Authority.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
9.3. 
The employees of the Internal Audit Unit have the right to examine all documents of 
the Bank, monitor the work of the Bank at each stage without restrictions, and 
participate in the meetings of the Management Board and the committees formed on 
the basis of the Articles of Association of the Bank. 
9.4. 
The exact number shall be determined by the Supervisory Board in accordance with 
the needs of the Bank and the Internal Audit Unit. The Supervisory Board of the Bank 
shall appoint and release from office employees and the head of the Internal Audit 
Unit. 
9.5. 
The head of the Internal Audit Unit shall provide overviews of the activities of the 
Internal Audit Unit to the Supervisory Board of the Bank once a year and to the 
Management Board once a half year. 
1 0 . 
AUDIT 
10.1. In order to audit the accounting and annual accounts of the Bank, the General Meeting 
shall elect an auditor for no longer than five years. 
10.2. The Management Board shall present the annual report to the auditor(s) in accordance 
with the procedure provided for by law. The auditor(s) shall present the auditor’s 
report to the Management Board within one (1) month of the receipt of the annual 
report. 
1 1 . 
DISTRIBUTION OF PROFIT 
11.1. The General Meeting shall decide on the distribution of profit on the basis of the 
audited annual accounts, the profit distribution proposal of the Management Board 
and the opinion of the Supervisory Board. 
11.2. The manner, time and procedure of disbursement of dividends shall be determined 
by a resolution of the General Meeting. 
1 2 . 
DISSOLUTION OF BANK 
12.1. The Bank shall be dissolved: 
(1) 
on the basis of a resolution of the General Meeting of shareholders of the Bank 
(voluntary dissolution) for which permission shall be applied from the Financial 
Supervision Authority; 
(2) 
by a court ruling or judgment; 
(3) 
if the authorisation of the Bank has been revoked by the Financial Supervision 
Authority or it has expired; 
(4) 
in the case of insolvency pursuant to law. 
12.2. The voluntary dissolution of the Bank shall be decided by the General Meeting. 
The Articles of Association of the Bank were approved by a resolution of the General Meeting of 
shareholders of 30 March 2021.