--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base Prospectus 
(the "Base Prospectus") following this page, and you are therefore required to read this carefully before 
reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree 
to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you receive 
any information from us as a result of such access. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. THE 
BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO PERSONS 
THAT ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED ("THE SECURITIES ACT"). ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR 
REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. 
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. THE 
SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. 
Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities described in the Base Prospectus, you must be a person other 
than a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) who is outside the United 
States. By accepting the email and accessing the Base Prospectus, you shall be deemed to represent that you 
are not, and that any customer represented by you is not, a U.S. person; the electronic mail address that you 
have given to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the U.S., its territories and 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the 
Northern Mariana Islands), any State of the United States or the District of Columbia; and that you consent 
to delivery of the Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which you are located, and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the Base Prospectus to any other 
person. 
Any materials relating to the potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an 
offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires 
that the potential offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any underwriter or any affiliate of any 
underwriter is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, any offering shall be deemed to be made by the 
underwriter or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances shall the Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy any securities in any jurisdiction. The Base Prospectus may only be communicated to persons in the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted 
via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently no 
responsibility whatsoever will be accepted in respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus distributed 
to you in electronic format and a hard copy version that may be made available to you.

--- Page 2 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
AS LHV PANK 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Estonia) 
EUR 1,000,000,000 
Covered Bond Programme 
Under this EUR 1,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme"), AS LHV Pank ("LHV" or the "Issuer" or the 
"Bank") may from time to time issue covered bonds (as defined in the Estonian Covered Bond Act; the "ECBA") (the "Covered 
Bonds"). Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer and/or registered form (respectively "Bearer Covered Bonds" and "Registered 
Covered Bonds") each denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the Dealers (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI"), as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CBI has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to Covered Bonds 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of 
affecting the assessment of any Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official 
List") of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market (the "Regulated Market") of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with AS LHV Pank 
(as defined under 'Important Notices' below). 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be rated by Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's"). Moody's is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").  Moody’s 
is not established in the United Kingdom but ratings issued by Moody’s will be endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, ratings issued by Moody’s may be used for regulatory purposes 
in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. Details of 
the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, each such 
administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") are set out in the section entitled "EU Benchmarks Regulation" on page 178 of this Base Prospectus. 
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the 
abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Nordea 
Dealers 
Barclays 
Citigroup 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Swedbank 
UniCredit 
19 May 2021

--- Page 3 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Covered Bonds will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to each 
such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche 
(the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. In 
relation to Covered Bonds to be listed on Euronext Dublin, such Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses 
will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds which is 
the subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of a Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Covered Bonds) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is 
not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Covered Bonds) not misleading in any 
material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that 
third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Covered Bonds nor do the Dealers or any of their respective directors, affiliates, 
advisers or agents take any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other 
than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Covered Bonds. No fiduciary duty 
between the relevant Dealer and any investors has been created in respect of any issue and offering of the 
Covered Bonds. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Covered Bond shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event 
reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial position or performance of

--- Page 4 ---
- ii -
the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Covered Bonds and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Covered Bonds, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Covered Bonds have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities 
Act") and Bearer Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Covered Bonds and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or 
purchase any Covered Bonds. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to 
have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. The 
Dealers have not provided any financial or taxation advice in connection with the Programme or Covered 
Bonds issued thereunder. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –  If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market

--- Page 5 ---
- iii -
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT - NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN BELGIUM: If the 'Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers' is specified as applicable in the applicable 'Final Terms', the Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered sold or resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer (consumment/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht / Code de droit économique), as amended from 
time to time. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 1,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Covered Bonds denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds 
(calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal 
amount of Covered Bonds which may be outstanding and guaranteed at any one time under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area. 
References to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "EUR", "€" 
or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction 
of the euro, as amended and references to "NOK" are to Norwegian kroner. 
References to the "LHV Group" or the "Group" are to AS LHV Group and its subsidiaries. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted

--- Page 6 ---
- iv -
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the 
rating(s) assigned to Covered Bonds already issued. Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Historical financial statements 
The financial statements relating to the Bank and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are: 
•
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as at and for the three months ended 
31 March 2021 (the "Interim Financial Statements");
•
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the
"2020 Financial Statements"); and
•
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the
"2019 Financial Statements" and, together with the 2020 Financial Statements, the "Annual
Financial Statements").

--- Page 7 ---
- v -
The Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Financial Statements are together referred to as the 
"Financial Statements". The Annual Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the European Union. The Interim 
Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the international financial reporting standard 
IAS 34 "Interim Financial Reporting", as adopted in the European Union and in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by European Union. The Financial Statements consolidate the Bank's 65 per cent. owned 
subsidiary, AS LHV Finance.  For convenience and unless the context does not permit, the term "Bank" 
when used in this Base Prospectus should be read as including AS LHV Finance. 
This Base Prospectus also includes financial information of the Bank for the financial year ended 31 
December 2018. Such financial information is extracted from the comparative financial information 
included in the 2019 Financial Statements and is unaudited.  
When preparing the 2019 Financial Statements, the management of the Bank introduced certain changes in 
the presentation of selected line items in the Bank's consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income and the statement of cash flows. The changes were introduced to provide investors 
with better quality and comparability. Such presentation changes related to: 
•
presentation of Net gains on investments in equity instruments designated at FVOCI;
•
presentation and classification of interest income; and
•
presentation and classification of interest received/paid in the statement of cash flows.
These changes in presentation did not impact the consolidated profit or total equity of the Bank as at or for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2019. For the purposes of this Base Prospectus, consolidated 
financial information included in this Base Prospectus for the Bank for the financial year ended 31 
December 2018 is provided on a revised presentation basis, in accordance with the 2019 Financial 
Statements.  
The Bank's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to “2020”, "2019" 
"2018" and "2017" are to the 12 month period ending on 31 December in each such year. 
Impact of the implementation of new IFRS 
IFRS 16 "Leases" 
With effect from 1 January 2019, the Bank adopted IFRS 16 "Leases". 
The new standard sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of 
leases. All leases result in the lessee obtaining the right to use an asset at the start of the lease and, if lease 
payments are made over time, to also obtaining financing. Accordingly, IFRS 16 eliminates the 
classification of leases as either operating leases or finance leases as previously required by IAS 17 and, 
instead, introduces a single lessee accounting model. Lessees are required to recognise: (a) assets and 
liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months, unless the underlying asset is of low value; and 
(b) depreciation of lease assets separately from interest on lease liabilities in the income statement. IFRS
16 substantially carries forward the lessor accounting requirements in IAS 17. Accordingly, a lessor
continues to classify its leases as operating leases or finance leases, and to account for those two types of
leases differently. The Bank applied a simplified retrospective approach to the implementation of IFRS 16
and did not restate its figures for previous years which results in a limited comparability of financial
information of the Bank for the financial year ending 31 December 2019 as against financial information
of the Bank for the financial years ending 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017.  Starting from 1
January 2019, the Bank recognised EUR 4,042 thousand on its statement of financial position as right-of-
use assets and lease liabilities, thus increasing the total of the Bank's statement of financial position.
Auditors and unaudited information 
The 2019 Financial Statements have been audited by AS PricewaterhouseCoopers, independent auditors 
("PwC") and the 2020 Financial Statements have been audited by KPMG Baltics OÜ, independent auditors,

--- Page 8 ---
- vi - 
 
 
in each case in accordance with International Standards on Auditing, who have issued unqualified reports 
on the Annual Financial Statements. The Interim Financial Statements have not been subject to any audit 
or review by independent auditors. 
Certain financial information in this Base Prospectus identified as such is unaudited financial information 
which has been extracted without material adjustment from the accounting records of the Bank which form 
the underlying basis of the Financial Statements. 
Certain non-IFRS financial information 
This Base Prospectus includes references to capital, leverage and certain other ratios. Although these ratios 
are not IFRS measures, the Bank believes that the capital and leverage ratios in particular are important to 
understanding its capital and leverage position, particularly in light of current or planned future regulatory 
requirements to maintain these ratios above prescribed minimum levels. Certain of these ratios also 
constitute Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"), as defined in the European Securities and Markets 
Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. See "Selected financial information—Selected 
consolidated ratios and APMs".  None of this financial information is subject to any audit or review by 
independent auditors. 
The ratios referred to above should not be used instead of, or considered as alternatives to, the Bank's 
consolidated historical financial results based on IFRS. The non-IFRS measures relate to the reporting 
periods and are not meant to be predictive of future results. They are not defined under, or presented in 
accordance with, IFRS. Management of the Bank uses APMs because the Bank believes that these measures 
are commonly used by lenders, investors and analysts. The Bank's use of the APMs and its method of 
calculating APMs may vary from other companies' use and calculation of such terms. These measures are 
presented for purposes of providing investors with a better understanding of the Bank's financial 
performance, cash flows or financial position as they are used by the Issuer when managing its business. 
PRESENTATION OF OTHER INFORMATION 
Currencies 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been expressed 
in euro. The Bank's functional currency is euro and the Bank prepares its financial statements in euro. 
Third party and market share data 
This Base Prospectus contains information regarding the Bank's business and the industry in which it 
operates and competes, which the Bank has obtained from third party sources.  Where third party 
information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been identified. 
Statistical information relating to Estonia included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from official 
public sources, including the statistical releases of the Bank of Estonia, the Estonian Statistical Office and 
the Estonian Financial Supervision Authority. All such statistical information may differ from that stated 
in other sources for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off times. This 
data may subsequently be revised as new data becomes available and any such revised data will not be 
circulated by the Bank to investors who have purchased the Covered Bonds. 
In some cases, independently determined industry data is not available. In these cases, any Bank market 
share data included in this Base Prospectus is referred to as having been estimated. All such estimates have 
been made by the Bank using its own information and other market information which is publicly available. 
The Bank believes that these estimates of market share are helpful as they give prospective investors a 
better understanding of the industry in which the Bank operates as well as its position within that industry.  
Although all such estimations have been made in good faith based on the information available and the 
Bank's knowledge of the market within which it operates, the Bank cannot guarantee that a third party 
expert using different methods would reach the same conclusions. 
Where information has not been independently sourced, it is the Bank's own information. 
No incorporation of website information

--- Page 9 ---
- vii -
The Bank is wholly owned by LHV Group AS and its website is that the same as that of its parent: 
www.lhv.ee. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information on this 
website or any other website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked 
to these websites (including, but not limited to, investor.lhv.ee and fp.lhv.ee) has not been verified,  is not 
incorporated by reference into, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus, and investors should not 
rely on it. 
Rounding 
Certain data in this Base Prospectus has been rounded. As a result of such rounding, the totals of data 
presented in tables in this Base Prospectus may vary slightly from the arithmetic totals of such data. Where 
used in tables, the figure "0" means that the data for the relevant item has been rounded to zero and the 
symbol "—" means that there is no data in respect of the relevant item.

--- Page 10 ---
- 1 -
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 8 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 38 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 39 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS ..................................................................................................... 40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ................................................................... 46 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS ....................................................................... 75 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM......................................................................................................................................................... 91 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF AS LHV PANK ............................ 93 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK ............................................................................................................... 97 
FINANCIAL REVIEW ............................................................................................................................ 123 
MARKET ENVIRONMENT ................................................................................................................... 150 
THE ESTONIAN HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET ......................................................................... 152 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING COVER POOL ............................................................ 161 
OVERVIEW OF ESTONIAN REGULATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS ............................. 163 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION ..................................................................................................... 178 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 179 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 182 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 186

--- Page 11 ---
- 2 -
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to 
this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Covered Bonds should be based on a consideration 
of the Base Prospectus as a whole and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer: 
AS LHV Pank 
Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 1,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp (the "Arranger") 
Description: 
Covered Bond Programme 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited  
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Swedbank AB (publ)  
UniCredit Bank AG 
(together with the Arranger, the "Dealers") 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the "Fiscal Agent") 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (the "Registrar") 
Currencies: 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in Euros or in any other currency 
or currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Method of Issue: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise 
one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Covered 
Bonds of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that 
the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Covered Bonds of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save that 
a Tranche may comprise Covered Bonds of different denominations. 
Denominations: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements), save that the minimum denomination of each 
Covered Bond will be EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency). 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on its regulated market.

--- Page 12 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued as covered bonds under the ECBA 
and will constitute direct and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
The Covered Bonds will be covered by a cover pool comprising the 
claims of the Issuer arising from Mortgage Loans (as defined in the 
Conditions) and certain other types of assets which qualify as 
substitute cover assets under the ECBA and are registered in the cover 
register maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the ECBA 
("Cover Pool"). The Covered Bonds will rank pari passu among 
themselves and with Derivative Instruments (as defined in the 
Conditions) registered in the cover register in accordance with the 
ECBA. On declaration of the Issuer's bankruptcy and in certain other 
events stipulated in the ECBA, the Covered Bonds together with the 
Cover Pool and the Derivative Instruments ("Covered Bond 
Portfolio") will be separated from other assets and liabilities of the 
Issuer and form an independent pool of designated assets to be 
managed in accordance with the ECBA and to be used solely to satisfy 
the claims of Covered Bondholders and of the counterparties to the 
Derivative Instrument and to cover the expenses related to the 
management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. Pursuant to the ECBA, 
the separation of the Covered Bonds Portfolio will not affect the 
liability of the Issuer for the claims arising from the Covered Bonds. 
If the Covered Bond Portfolio becomes insolvent, to the extent that 
claims of the Covered Bondholders in relation to the Covered Bonds 
are not satisfied in the course of the bankruptcy proceedings of the 
Covered Bond Portfolio, the residual claims of the Covered 
Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as 
may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
The statutory cover conferred on holders of the Covered Bonds by the 
ECBA extends to Mortgage Loans owned by the Issuer and other 
certain other types of assets which qualify as substitute cover assets 
under the ECBA (together "Eligible Assets") included in the Cover 
Pool. The composition of the portfolio of such Mortgage Loans and 
other Eligible Assets may change from time to time due to, for 
example, the inclusion and removal of Mortgage Loans and other 
Eligible Assets to and from the Cover Pool from time to time by the 
Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of the requirements of the ECBA. 
Claims of the Covered Bondholders will not be backed by assets of 
the Issuer which do not qualify for this purpose or which are not 
included in the Cover Pool, nor will any security be taken over the 
Issuer's rights under any agreements entered into by the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme or Covered Bonds issued thereunder. 
The rights of the Covered Bondholders shall be subject to any present 
or future Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in 
Estonia which are or will be applicable to the Covered Bonds only as 
a result of the operation of such laws or regulations. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) 
pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds will be the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued at any price. The price and amount of 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Interest: 
Covered Bonds may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and may 
vary during the lifetime of the relevant series. 
Forms of Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Covered 
Bonds") or in registered form ("Registered Covered Bonds"). Bearer 
Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for Registered Covered 
Bonds and Registered Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Covered Bonds. No single Series or Tranche may comprise 
both Bearer Covered Bonds and Registered Covered Bonds. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of 
either a temporary global covered bond (the "Temporary Global 
Covered Bond") or a permanent global covered bond (the 
"Permanent Global Covered Bond"), in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (each a "Global Covered Bond"). Each Global 
Covered Bond which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
form ("NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Covered 
Bond which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue 
date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Covered Bond will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Covered Bond or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Covered Bonds. 
Certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition 
precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global 
Covered Bond or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond. 
 
Each Permanent Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds in accordance with its terms. Definitive 
Covered Bonds will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, 
if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Covered Bonds will be represented by 
either Individual Covered Bond Certificates or a Global Registered 
Covered Bond, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Global Registered Covered Bond which is not intended to be 
held under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping 
Structure" or "NSS"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Covered Bond will 
be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary. 
Each Global Registered Covered Bond intended to be held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered 
Covered Bond will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 14 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled in 
accordance with the Conditions, Covered Bonds will be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the Maturity Date. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to certain Conditions, Covered Bonds may be redeemed 
before the Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer (as described in 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer)). No redemption at the option of the Covered 
Bondholders is permitted. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above (and subject to 
certain conditions), early redemption will only be permitted for tax 
reasons, as described in Condition 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption for tax reasons). 
Extended Maturity Date: 
The relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be, may provide that an Extended Maturity Date applies to the 
Covered Bonds. 
 
If: 
(a) 
an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
an insolvency, winding-up or similar event (as more fully 
described in Condition 9(i)(i)(B)) has occurred in respect of 
the Issuer; and  
(c) 
as a result of such an event, the Covered Bonds are not 
redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount or within three Business Days 
thereafter,  
the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such 
Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of the 
Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended to the Extended 
Maturity Date, subject as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. In that event, the Issuer shall redeem the outstanding principal 
amount of such Covered Bonds at their Final Redemption Amount on 
the Extended Maturity Date. In addition, all or any part of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds may be redeemed on any 
Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In each of the above scenarios, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Covered Bondholders and to the Paying Agents in 
accordance with Condition 9(i)(i)(C). 
 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, as a result of any of the events specified in Condition 9(i) 
(Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) the Covered Bonds 
are not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount or within three Business Days thereafter, the 
Covered Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount outstanding 
of such Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed and 
will be payable in arrear or as otherwise provided for in the relevant 
Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date at 
the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds with an Extended Maturity Date, those 
Covered Bonds may be issued as fixed rate, floating rate, or zero 
coupon in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date and issued as fixed rate or floating 
rate in respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are non-interest bearing to the 
Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date applies, the 
initial outstanding principal amount on the Maturity Date for the 
above purposes will be the total amount otherwise payable by the 
Issuer but unpaid on the applicable Covered Bonds on the Maturity 
Date. 
Asset Monitor:  
PwC has been appointed pursuant to an asset monitor agreement dated 
14 February 2020 (the "Asset Monitor Agreement") as an 
independent monitor to perform the tasks of a cover pool monitor 
which are provided in the ECBA (including carry out the required tests 
in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio).  
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in 
receipt by the Covered Bondholders and the Coupon holders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
subject to certain exceptions as described in Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Events of Default and Cross 
Acceleration:  
The Covered Bonds will not provide for events of default entitling 
Covered Bondholders to demand immediate redemption and will not 
provide for a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and together with Euroclear, the 
"ICSDs") and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, any 
other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves 
certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of 
the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Covered Bonds 
are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds will be 
used for the general banking and other corporate purposes of the 
Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds shall be governed by English law, except for: 
(i) 
Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds);

--- Page 16 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the provisions relating to coverage and registration of the 
Covered Bonds and the Coupons pursuant to the ECBA; and 
(iii) 
other provisions relating to the Covered Bonds, where 
provisions of Estonian laws mandatorily apply to covered 
bonds issued by an issuer incorporated in Estonia, which shall 
be governed by Estonian law. 
Ratings: 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme may be rated by Moody's. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Covered Bonds and on the distribution of offering material in the 
United States of America, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, Japan, the Republic of Estonia and the Republic of Italy, 
see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 17 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Covered Bonds is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Before making any 
investment decision, prospective investors should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties associated 
with an investment in the Covered Bonds, the Bank's business and the countries and markets in which it 
operates, together with all of the other information that is included in this Prospectus. Prospective investors 
should also consult their own financial and legal advisers about the risks associated with an investment in 
the Covered Bonds and the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds in light of their particular 
circumstances, without relying on the Bank. Should one or more of the events or circumstances described 
as risks below occur at the same time or separately, this could have a material adverse effect on the Bank.  
As used in this section, "material adverse effect" and related expressions when used in relation to the Bank 
mean that the Bank's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, business, prospects and/or 
reputation could be materially adversely affected and/or the value of the Covered Bonds could decline and 
these factors could result in an investor losing part or all of its investment. 
There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable 
to make all payments due.  Whilst the Bank believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain 
factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of 
events outside of the Issuer's control. Factors which the Bank believes may be material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with the Covered Bonds are also described below. 
The Bank believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Covered Bonds, but the Bank may be unable to pay amounts due in connection with the Covered Bonds for 
other reasons and the Bank does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding the 
Covered Bonds are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BANK 
The Bank's operations and assets are principally located in Estonia and, accordingly, the Bank is 
exposed to general economic conditions in Estonia  
The Bank is an Estonian bank and the vast majority of its assets and business are located in Estonia.  
Reflecting this fact, the Bank is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions in Estonia, 
changes in which are outside the Bank's control. The Estonian economy is a small open economy that is 
closely linked to the global economy and especially to macro-economic conditions in the Eurozone 
countries and Russia.  
For a discussion of economic trends impacting the Bank in Estonia in 2018 through 2020, see "Financial 
review—Principal factors affecting results of operations—Economic conditions". 
The main driver of growth in Estonia's economy has been domestic demand, led by private consumption 
and investments. Estonia experienced healthy economic growth for several years until the beginning of the 
infectious disease COVID-19 caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (commonly 
known as SARS-CoV-2) (the "Coronavirus") pandemic. The restrictions that were introduced to curb the 
disease affected economic activity in Estonia and in the countries that are Estonia’s major trading partners. 
It is not known what the longer term outcome of the pandemic will be and there can be no assurance that 
Estonia' economy will continue to grow at rates seen before the pandemic or at all. Any prolonged 
depression or further deterioration in the Estonian economy could have a direct negative impact on the 
financial position and profitability of the Bank, see "The Bank may be materially adversely affected by the 
Coronavirus pandemic" below. 
The Bank may be materially adversely affected by the Coronavirus pandemic 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the outbreak of a new infectious disease known as 
"COVID-19", caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (commonly known as SARS-
CoV-2), to be a global pandemic. COVID-19 was first identified in China in December 2019 and spread 
rapidly in almost all regions around the world, and has resulted in a rapid deterioration of the political,

--- Page 18 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
socio-economic and financial situation globally. As a result of the Coronavirus pandemic and the 
restrictions imposed in order to curb it, countries around the world have experienced reduction in economic 
activity. In Estonia, which is the Bank’s main country of operation, GDP contracted by 2.9 per cent. in 
2020. The Coronavirus pandemic has affected the customers of the Bank, including private individuals and 
corporate customers. Some economic sectors such as tourism and service industries have felt the impact 
much harder than others. As a result of these developments, the Bank has seen an increase in its non-
performing loans and has increased loan loss provisions in order to reflect potential future loan losses. As 
at the date of this Prospectus, the pandemic is still evolving and as it is not known how effective the 
vaccination efforts will be, the Issuer is continuing to monitor the impact which the COVID-19 outbreak 
has had and could continue to have on its operations, the markets in which the Issuer operates and more 
broadly on the macro-economic outlook as further cases emerge and governments and international 
agencies continue to impose a range of measures to deal with the outbreak. Whilst as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus it is difficult to predict how long the pandemic will last and what the long term impact on 
the economy will be, it could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations and economic 
conditions and financial markets worldwide. In particular, the Issuer considers that the COVID-19 
pandemic and the emergency measures applied in response to the pandemic could impact the business, 
financial condition and results of its operations in the following ways:  
• 
an increase in the restructuring and impairment of its loan portfolio as the Issuer's ability to receive 
and claim payments from its borrowers may be negatively impacted by the pandemic and possible 
measures (governmental or other) in response to the pandemic and the associated economic 
downturn, such as possible suspension of mortgage loan payments, the adoption of new rules 
relating to the payment of penalty interest, the imposition of restrictions on the termination of 
agreements and/or the application of enforcement measures or moratoriums on insolvency and/or 
enforcement proceedings; 
• 
lower interest income receipts as a result of any such restructuring of its loans; 
• 
uncertainty in financial markets could increase the Issuer’s liquidity risk due to the Issuer’s 
dependence on external funding sources. In the event that there is a decrease in deposits as 
customers withdraw money from accounts to increase their liquidity or confidence of investors in 
the financial markets reduces, this could have a detrimental effect on the Issuer’s ability to secure 
stable and continuous funding; 
• 
an increase in defaults by borrowers under loans included in the Cover Pool; and 
• 
a decrease in income receipts upon any mandatory or voluntary moratorium on mortgage 
payments. In particular, in 2020 the Bank decided on a voluntary basis to apply the Estonian 
Banking Association’s uniform policy for the granting of repayment moratoria in connection with 
the emergency situation declared in relation to the Coronavirus pandemic. While most of the 
payment holidays granted under the uniform policy have now expired, the Bank continues offering 
payment holidays to customers affected by the Coronavirus pandemic on a case by case basis. For 
further detail see "Description of the Bank – Corporate banking". 
In particular, and as further described above and in "Description of the Bank – Corporate banking", the 
Bank is granting grace periods to its customers in connection with the Coronavirus pandemic, including for 
principal payments of mortgage loans. Mortgage loans in respect of which a grace period has been granted 
would continue to be considered eligible for the Cover Pool, provided that they are not overdue (based on 
the amended repayment schedule granted to the customer) and comply with all other eligibility criteria.  As 
at 31 March 2021, the Bank’s total balance of loans for which a grace period has been granted and where 
the grace period has not yet expired amounted to €60 million, out of which loans granted to corporates 
comprised €42 million and loans granted to private individuals €18 million. The granting of such grace 
periods may affect the income receivable on the mortgage loans included by the Issuer in the Cover Pool. 
Any of the above listed effects, as well as effects which may not be identifiable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, could affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds, the value of 
the Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool, the availability of Eligible Assets for inclusion in the Cover 
Pool (required in order for the Issuer to meet its applicable legal and regulatory requirements in respect of 
the Cover Pool under the ECBA, see "Default of Issuer's Assets or an inability to supplement the Cover

--- Page 19 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Pool with Eligible Assets and Insolvency of the Covered Bond Portfolio" below) and the value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
The Bank is exposed to the credit risk of borrowers and other counterparties due to its lending 
activities 
Risks arising from adverse changes in the credit quality and recoverability of lending and other amounts 
due from counterparties are inherent the Bank's business, principally in its lending activities. In particular, 
the Bank is exposed to the risk that its counterparties may not meet their obligations in respect of loans 
advanced by the Bank and that the collateral (if any) securing the loans advanced may be insufficient. Credit 
losses could arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific counterparties of the Bank, from a 
general deterioration in local or global economic conditions, or from systemic risks within these financial 
systems, any of which could affect the recoverability and value of the Bank's assets and require an increase 
in its provisions for the impairment of loans and other credit exposures.  
As at 31 December 2020, the Bank's loans and advances to customers amounted to €2,208.8 million, 
compared to €1,687.0 million as at 31 December 2019 and €918.8 million as at 31 December 2018. The 
Bank's non-performing loans (calculated in accordance with the definition of default in Article 178 of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013), which are all loans past due as well as certain other loans ("NPLs") were 
€13.5 million as at 31 December 2020 compared to €4.4 million as at 31 December 2019 and €15.5 million 
as at 31 December 2018 and its allowance for impairments in respect of its credit portfolios amounted to 
0.8 per cent., 0.4 per cent. and 1.2 per cent. of the value of the portfolio as at 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively. 
Although the Bank makes provisions for potential credit losses in accordance with applicable requirements, 
the provisions are made based on available information, estimates and assumptions, which by definition 
are subject to uncertainty. Therefore, there can be no assurance that provisions made by the Bank are or 
will be sufficient to cover potential future losses. Further, if the credit quality of the Bank's loans or the 
financial health of any of its borrowers were to deteriorate, the Bank may have to make additional 
impairment provisions which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank. The recoverability of the 
credit provided by the Bank to its customers may be adversely affected by negative changes in the overall 
economic, political or regulatory environment affecting the ability of the Bank's counterparties to repay 
their loans, the effectiveness of enforcement proceedings, a decrease in collateral values and other 
circumstances beyond the Bank's control.  
The Bank's loans and advances to customers and its deposits from customers and loans received are 
concentrated in Estonia 
Geographically, the Bank's loans and advances to customers and its deposits from customers and loans 
received are concentrated in Estonia.  
The Bank's loans and advances to customers were €2,208.8 million, or 44.7 per cent. of its total assets, as 
at 31 December 2020, compared to €1,687.0 million, or 56.1 per cent. of its total assets, as at 31 December 
2019 and €918.8 million, or 55.7 per cent. of its total assets, as at 31 December 2018. As at 31 December 
2020, 98.7 per cent. of the Bank's loans and advances to customers was classified as Estonian risk meaning 
that the borrowers are Estonian entities or individuals. As at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, 
the comparative percentages were 98.2 per cent. and 96.5 per cent., respectively. 
The only other materially significant class of assets on the Bank's statement of financial position is the 
amounts due to it from the Estonian Central Bank, which represented 44.8 per cent. of its total assets as at 
31 December 2020 compared to 41.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 38.8 per cent. as at 31 December 
2018. 
The Bank's deposits from customers and loans received were €4,610.0 million, equal to 97.6 per cent. of 
its total liabilities, as at 31 December 2020, €2,738.6 million, or 96.7 per cent. of its total liabilities, as at 
31 December 2019, and €1,469.6 million, or 96.5 per cent. of its total liabilities, as at 31 December 2018. 
As at 31 December 2020, 70.9 per cent. of the Bank's deposits from customers and loans received was 
classified as Estonian risk meaning that the depositors are Estonian entities. As at 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2018, the comparative percentages were 68.7 per cent. and 80.3 per cent., respectively.

--- Page 20 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
. 
Accordingly, any deterioration in general economic conditions in Estonia or any failure by the Bank to 
effectively manage its geographic risk concentrations could have a more significant adverse effect on the 
Bank's business than on that of a more diversified bank. See "—The Bank's operations and assets are 
principally located in Estonia and, accordingly, the Bank is exposed to general economic conditions in 
Estonia" above. 
The Bank has significant customer and sector concentrations 
The Bank's loans and advances to customers are concentrated in the real estate sector, which is traditionally 
the sector that receives the greatest financing from commercial banks in Estonia.  As at 31 December 2020, 
the Bank's loans and advances before impairment provisions to the real estate sector accounted for 22.4 per 
cent. of its total loans and advances to customers before impairment provisions.  As at 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2018, the comparative percentages were 20.9 per cent. and 26.6 per cent., respectively. 
In addition, loans and advances to individuals accounted for 38.6 per cent. of the Bank’s total loans and 
advances to customers as at 31 December 2020 compared to 43.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 
23.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2018.  
A small number of the Bank's loans and advances to customers carry a large risk exposure, meaning that 
the Bank's exposure under each loan exceeded 10 per cent. of its net own funds (broadly equal to its capital). 
As at 31 December 2020, the Bank had large exposure loans outstanding to five customers and these loans 
aggregated 83 per cent. of the Bank’s net own funds. As at 31 December 2019, the Bank had large exposure 
loans outstanding to 12 customers and these loans aggregated 190 per cent. of the Bank's net own funds.  
As at 31 December 2018, the Bank had large exposure loans outstanding to 14 customers and these loans 
aggregated 199 per cent. of the Bank's net own funds. 
As a result, a material weakening in the credit quality of, or a default by, any one or more of the Bank's 
large exposure counterparties, or any factors which negatively impact the real estate or retail sectors in 
Estonia to which the Bank has significant exposures, could result in the Bank having to make significant 
additional impairment provisions and/or experiencing significantly reduced interest income, each of which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank.  
The sector specific factors referred to above might include: 
• 
a significant decline in real estate values which would weaken the credit quality of the Bank's real 
estate borrowers and could also reduce the value of the real estate collateral which the Bank holds; 
• 
low levels of economic growth or a recession in Estonia which, particularly if coupled with increased 
levels of unemployment, falling house prices, increased inflation or other factors constraining 
consumer income, could materially adversely impact the ability of the Bank's retail customers to repay 
their financing. 
The Bank also has a high concentration of deposits. The share of the Bank's 20 largest depositors was 34.5 
per cent. as at 31 December 2020 compared to 25.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 20.5 per cent. as 
at 31 December 2018.  As at 31 December 2020, there were five customers whose deposits exceeded 1 per 
cent. of the Bank’s total deposits from customers and loans received and their deposits aggregated €1,069 
million. As at 31 December 2019, there were three customers whose deposits exceeded 1 per cent. of the 
Bank’s total deposits from customers and loans received and their deposits aggregated €463 million. As at 
31 December 2018, there were six customers whose deposits exceeded 1 per cent. of the Bank's total 
deposits from customers and loans received and their deposits aggregated €189 million.   
See further "—The Bank is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available" below. 
The Bank is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank will be unable to meet its obligations, including funding 
commitments, as they become due. This risk is inherent in banking operations and can be heightened by a

--- Page 21 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
number of enterprise-specific factors, including over-reliance on a particular source of funding (including, 
for example, short-term and overnight funding and, particularly in the Bank's case, demand deposits), 
changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and major disasters.  
The Bank's assets have, on average, a longer maturity than the Bank's funding sources. The Bank has 
historically principally relied on deposits from customers, which are mainly repayable on demand or short-
term and generally low cost in nature, to meet most of its funding needs. For example, as at 31 December 
in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018, demand and term deposits from customers amounted to 87.6 per cent., 
95.7 per cent. and 95.0 per cent., respectively, of the Bank's total liabilities. 
The availability of deposits is subject to fluctuation due to factors outside the Bank's control, including 
possible loss of confidence and competitive pressures, and this could result in a significant outflow of 
deposits within a short period of time or may cause the Bank to increase the return paid on its deposits to 
ensure that it retains sufficient deposits. As part of its liquidity risk management strategy, the Bank makes 
assumptions in relation to the potential deposit outflows which could occur at times of stress. For example, 
demand deposits raised from retail customers are assumed to be a relatively stable source of funding based 
on historical behaviour analysis. Nevertheless, they are contractually repayable on demand. If any of these 
assumptions prove to be incorrect, the Bank could face unplanned liquidity outflows which have not been 
taken into account in the Bank's liquidity contingency plans and funding plans.  
On a future undiscounted cash flow basis, as at 31 December 2020, 79.3 per cent. of the Bank's deposits 
from customers and loans received did not have a fixed maturity. As at the same date and on the same basis, 
only 12.5 per cent. of the Bank’s total funding (which comprises deposits from customers and loans 
received and subordinated debt) had a remaining contractual maturity in excess of one year. These 
percentages were 80.4 per cent. and 4.4 per cent., respectively, as at 31 December 2019 and 90.5 per cent. 
and 4.3 per cent., respectively, as at 31 December 2018. The Bank may experience outflows of deposits at 
times when liquidity is constrained generally in Estonia or when its major depositors experience short- or 
longer-term liquidity requirements.  
In addition to deposits from its home market (Estonia), the Bank has also raised term deposits from deposit 
intermediation platforms, such as "Raisin" and "Deposit Solutions". These platforms enable the Bank to 
raise term (as opposed to demand) deposit funding from outside Estonia. However, the availability of these 
platform deposits could be more volatile than the Bank's Estonian deposits in the case of any market or 
idiosyncratic stress. As these term deposits mature, it is not certain that they can be rolled over and the 
Bank may be required to raise other types of funding to replace any of these deposits which are not rolled 
over. 
In addition, the Bank's deposits are geographically concentrated and the Bank is reliant on certain large 
deposits from a limited group of customers. See "—The Bank's loans and advances to customers and its 
deposits from customers and loans received are concentrated in Estonia" above and "—The Bank has 
significant customer and sector concentrations" above. 
In addition to deposits, the Bank has raised funding from capital markets through the issuance of covered 
bonds and other financial instruments. The Bank may not be able to raise funds from money and/or capital 
markets on terms comparable with those previously available, which may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business operations, its performance or its financial position. Access to, and the cost of, financing 
raised by the Bank through money and capital markets are affected, among other things, by general interest 
rate levels, the situation on the financial markets, or a downturn in the performance of market participants 
and the Bank’s own capital adequacy and credit ratings. 
If a substantial portion of the Bank's depositors, or any of its largest depositors, withdraw their demand 
deposits or do not roll over their time deposits at maturity, the Bank may need to seek other sources of 
funding or may have to sell, or enter into sale and repurchase or securitisation transactions over, certain of 
its assets to meet its funding requirements. There can be no assurance that the Bank will be able to obtain 
additional funding as and when required or at prices that will not affect its ability to compete effectively 
and, if the Bank is forced to sell assets to meet its funding requirements, it may suffer material losses as a 
result.

--- Page 22 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
In extreme cases, if the Bank is unable to refinance or replace such deposits with alternative sources of 
funding to meet its liquidity needs through deposits, the interbank markets, the international capital markets 
or through asset sales, this would have a material adverse effect on its business generally and could 
potentially, result in its insolvency. 
The Bank could be adversely affected by the soundness or the perceived soundness of other financial 
institutions and counterparties 
Given the high level of inter-dependence between financial institutions that became most evident during 
the global financial crisis of 2008 to 2010, the Bank is subject to the risk of deterioration in the commercial 
and financial soundness, or perceived soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial 
services industry, the default of any one institution could lead to significant losses, and potentially defaults, 
by other institutions. As was experienced in 2008 and 2009, concerns about, or a default by, one institution 
could also lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, because the 
commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions is closely related as a result of their 
credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions 
about, a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Bank or 
other institutions. This risk, often referred to as "systemic risk", may also adversely affect other financial 
intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, securities firms and exchanges, with whom the 
Bank interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk, should it materialise, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Bank's ability to raise new funding and on its business generally. 
The Bank is exposed to reputational risks related to its operations and industry 
All financial institutions depend on the trust and confidence of their customers to succeed in their business. 
The Bank is exposed to the risk that litigation, misconduct, operational failures, negative publicity and press 
speculation, whether or not valid, will harm its reputation. The Bank's reputation may also be adversely 
affected by the conduct of third parties over whom it has no control, including entities to which it has 
advanced financing. For example, if one of the Bank's borrowers becomes associated with financial 
scandals or widely publicised improper behaviour, the Bank's own reputation may be affected. In common 
with other banks, the Bank is also exposed to adverse publicity relating to the financial services industry as 
a whole. Financial scandals unrelated to the Bank or questionable ethical conduct by a competitor may taint 
the reputation of the industry and affect the perception of investors, public opinion and the attitude of 
regulators. Any damage to the Bank's reputation could cause existing customers to withdraw their business 
and lead potential customers to be reluctant to do business with the Bank which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank. 
The Bank could be adversely affected by market risks 
The Bank could be adversely affected by market risks that are outside its control, including, without 
limitation, material adverse changes in interest rates, prices of securities and currency exchange rates.  
Regarding interest rates, there is a pricing gap between the Bank's interest-rate sensitive assets and liabilities 
which makes the Bank exposed to fluctuations in interest rates. For example, an increase in interest rates 
generally may decrease the value of the Bank's fixed-rate loans and securities and may increase the Bank's 
funding costs. Further, a decrease in the level of interest rates may increase the cost of maintaining the 
Bank's liquidity buffer in a negative interest rate environment and decrease the revenue that the Bank earns 
from its floating rate loans and securities. At the same time, the Bank's ability to pass on declining interest 
rates to its customers on the funding side by lowering the rates on its deposits is limited. See note 3.3.3 to 
the 2020 Financial Statements which illustrates the Bank's sensitivity to a 100 basis point change in interest 
rates on major currencies as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. Interest rates are sensitive to 
many factors beyond the Bank’s control, including the policies of central banks, such as European Central 
Bank and the Bank of England, political factors and domestic and international economic conditions. 
As a financial intermediary, the Bank is also exposed to foreign exchange rate risk. This risk includes the 
possibility that the value of a foreign currency asset or liability will change due to changes in currency 
exchange rates as well as the possibility that the Bank may have to close out any open position in a foreign 
currency at a loss due to an adverse movement in exchange rates. The Bank attempts to match the currencies 
of its assets and liabilities and any open currency position is maintained within the limits set out in the 
Bank’s internal risk management documents. However, where the Bank is not so hedged, it is exposed to

--- Page 23 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and any such hedging activity may not in all cases protect the Bank 
against such risks. See note 3.3.1 to the 2020 Financial Statements which shows the Bank's open foreign 
currency positions as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
The Bank also has a portfolio of debt and equity financial assets held at fair value which are exposed to the 
effect of changes in market prices on their fair value.  See note 3.3.2 to the 2020 Financial Statements which 
illustrates the Bank's sensitivity to a 1 per cent. change in interest rates and a 10 per cent. change in market 
prices of shares and fund units on this portfolio as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
The Bank may enter into derivative transactions, such as interest rate swaps and currency swaps and forward 
contracts, as part of its ordinary customer business. There is no assurance that the Bank's derivative 
contracts will be successful in mitigating its interest rate and foreign exchange exposures or that the Bank 
will not experience significant losses on its derivatives contracts from time to time. 
Adverse movements in interest and foreign exchange rates may also adversely impact the revenues and 
financial condition of the Bank's depositors, borrowers and other counterparties which, in turn, may impact 
the Bank's deposit base and the quality of its credit exposures to certain borrowers and other counterparties. 
Ultimately, there can be no assurance that the Bank will be able to protect itself from any adverse effects 
of a currency revaluation or future negative changes in interest rate or currency exchange rates or from a 
significant change in the prices of its securities. 
The Bank is exposed to a range of operational risks. In particular, the Bank is exposed to the risk of 
loss as a result of employee misrepresentation, misconduct and improper practice and through any 
failure of the Bank's IT systems 
Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions 
properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and 
conduct of business rules, systems and equipment failures (including, in particular, information technology 
("IT") failures), natural disasters or the failure of external systems (for example, those of the Bank's 
counterparties or vendors). The Bank has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation strategies, and 
substantial resources are devoted to developing efficient procedures and to staff training, but it is not 
possible to eliminate entirely each of the potential operational risks that the Bank faces. Losses from the 
failure of the Bank's system of internal controls could have a material adverse effect on its business 
generally and its reputation. 
The Bank's employees could engage in misrepresentation, misconduct or improper practice that could 
expose the Bank to direct and indirect financial loss and damage to its reputation. Such practices may 
include embezzling clients' funds, engaging in corrupt or illegal practices to originate further business, 
intentionally or inadvertently releasing confidential information about clients or failing to follow internal 
procedures. It is not always possible to detect or deter these types of misconduct, and the precautions which 
the Bank takes to detect and prevent such misconduct may not be effective in all cases. There can be no 
assurance that measures undertaken to combat these types of misconduct will be successful. Any such 
actions by employees could expose the Bank to financial losses resulting from the need to reimburse clients, 
co-investors or other business partners who suffered loss or as a result of fines or other regulatory sanctions, 
and could damage the Bank's reputation. 
The Bank is dependent on its IT systems and any disruption to these systems could materially disrupt 
the Bank's business 
The Bank depends on its IT systems to process a large number of transactions on an accurate and timely 
basis and to store and process substantially all of the Bank's business and operating data. The proper 
functioning of the Bank's financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, 
customer service and other IT systems, as well as the communication networks between its branches and 
main data processing centres, are critical to its business and its ability to compete effectively. The Bank's 
business activities would be materially disrupted if there were a partial or complete failure of any of these 
IT systems or communications networks. Such failures can be caused by a variety of reasons some of which 
are outside the Bank's control, including natural disasters, extended power outages, and computer viruses 
and other external electronic attacks as discussed under "—The Bank's business is dependent on its IT 
systems which are subject to potential cyber-attack" below. The proper functioning of the Bank's IT systems

--- Page 24 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
also depends on accurate and reliable data and other system inputs, which are subject to internal human 
errors. Any failure or delay in recording or processing transaction data could subject the Bank to claims for 
losses and regulatory fines and penalties. There can be no assurance that the Bank's IT safeguards will be 
fully effective in the event of a disaster and or that they will protect the Bank from all losses that could 
occur. 
The Bank's business is dependent on its IT systems which are subject to potential cyber-attack 
In common with all other financial institutions, the threat to the security of the Bank's information and 
customer data from security breaches and cyber-attacks presents a real and growing risk to the Bank's 
business. Activists, rogue states and cyber criminals are among those targeting IT systems around the world. 
Risks to technology and cyber-security evolve and change rapidly and require continued focus, monitoring 
and investment in preventative measures. Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-
attack, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches of security. A failure to adequately 
manage cyber-security risk and continually monitor, review and update current processes in response to 
new threats could have a number of adverse effects on the Bank, including disruption to its business, 
unauthorised disclosure of confidential information, significant financial and/or legal exposure and damage 
to its reputation. 
The Bank's risk management policies and procedures may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks 
There can be no assurance that the Bank's risk management and internal control policies and procedures 
will adequately control, or protect it against, all credit, liquidity, market, operational and other risks. In 
addition, certain risks may not be accurately quantified by the Bank's risk management systems. Some of 
the Bank's methods of managing risk are based upon the use of historical market data which, as evidenced 
by events caused by the global financial crisis, may not always accurately predict future risk exposures 
which could be significantly greater than historical measures indicate. In addition, certain risks could be 
greater than the Bank's empirical data would otherwise indicate. 
Other risk management methods depend upon evaluation of information regarding the markets in which 
the Bank operates, its clients or other matters that are publicly available or information otherwise accessible 
to it. This information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated in all cases. Any 
material deficiency in the Bank's risk management or other internal control policies or procedures may 
expose it to significant losses as a result of unidentified credit, liquidity, market or operational risks, should 
they occur. 
The Bank is subject to extensive regulation and changes in this regulation, or the interpretation or 
enforcement of this regulation, or any failure by the Bank to comply with this regulation could have 
a material adverse effect on the Bank 
The financial services industry in which the Bank operates is highly regulated and the Bank's operations 
are subject to numerous European directives and regulations, as well as Estonian laws, policies, guidance 
and voluntary codes of practice.  Since the global financial crisis, financial services regulation has changed 
materially and may continue to develop in the future. Some of the changes the Bank has had to adapt to 
since the global financial crisis include: 
• 
new capital adequacy requirements, for example Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms ("CRD IV") which has recently been amended 
by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as regards 
exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures ("CRD V") and Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR") which has recently been amended 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as 
regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to

--- Page 25 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements ("CRR 
II"); 
• 
a new bank resolution framework, for example Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive" or "BRRD"), which has recently been amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms  (the “BRRD II”) and 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund which has recently been amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; 
• 
tightening requirements on anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing; 
• 
new payment services regulations, for example Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 25 November 2015 on payment services in the internal market; 
• 
new regulations on markets in financial instruments, for example Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments; and 
• 
new data protection regulations, for example Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing 
of personal data and on the free movement of such data.  
In addition, whilst the Bank has taken steps to minimise the impact of the UK's recent withdrawal from the 
European Union on its London branch, including commencing the process of establishing in the UK a credit 
institution as a subsidiary of LHV Group and (subject to obtaining the required regulatory approvals) plans 
to transfer the existing business activities currently carried out under the branch setup to this new entity, 
there can be no guarantee that such developments will not be delayed or that the UK's withdrawal from the 
European Union will not otherwise impact the operations of the Bank's London branch.  
The Bank has sought to comply with the all of the new requirements affecting it, but no assurance can be 
given that it will at all times and in all material respects either be or remain in compliance with applicable 
regulations. A number of Estonian and European authorities, including financial supervision, consumer 
protection, anti-money laundering, tax and other authorities, regularly perform investigations, 
examinations, inspections and audits of the Bank's business, including in relation to capital requirements, 
standards of consumer lending, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, payments, reporting and corporate 
governance. Any determination by any relevant authority that the Bank has not acted in compliance with 
all applicable laws and regulations could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the Bank, 
including exposure to fines, criminal and civil penalties and other damages, increased prudential 
requirements or requirements to cease carrying all or part of its business.  
The Bank may need to raise capital and it may not be able to do so as and when needed on 
commercially attractive terms 
The capital of banks and investment firms in the European Union (the "EU") is subject to the legal 
framework of CRR/CRD IV and the BRRD. Recently a new legislative package for further reduction of 
banking risk (including CRD V,CRR II and BRRD II) has been adopted, most of which became effective 
from December 2020. On 12 May 2021, a new law for the implementation of the directives forming part of 
the referred legislative package into Estonian national law was adopted by the Estonian Parliament, 
wherefore the requirements introduced by, amongst others, CRD V and BRRD II are expected to be 
implemented in Estonia in the immediate future once the new law adopted is published and enters into 
force. Implementation of the CRD V/CRR II requirements will necessitate significant changes to the Bank's

--- Page 26 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
procedures, rules and reporting systems, as well as to the calculation systems of the capital requirements 
applicable to the Bank. The Bank currently expects that the direct technical cost (including salary cost of 
involved employees) to implement these changes will be approximately €200 thousand. 
As part of the crisis resolution plan provided for in the BRRD (as amended), as implemented in Estonia, 
the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") obliges banks and banking 
group's to have sufficient own funds and unsecured long-term liabilities that can be used to cover losses 
under the crisis resolution plan. For the LHV Group (of which the Bank is a major part), the Estonian 
Financial Supervisory Authority (the "EFSA") has set the MREL limit at 5.79 per cent. and has stated that 
from the middle of 2021 the limit will increase to 10.15 per cent. (expressed as a percentage of the total 
exposure measure). However, it is expected that EFSA will modify the MREL limit that it has set for the 
Group in line with the requirements of BRRD II which is being transposed into Estonian legislation. As at 
the end of 2020, the LHV Group's MREL level was 6.38 per cent.  
In 2018, the Bank was designated as another systemically important institution in Estonia ("O-SIIs") and 
has as a result become subject to the other systemically important institutions buffer, which was set at 0.5 
per cent. in 2018 and 1.0 per cent. in 2019 and in 2020. The Bank is also subject to the systemic risk buffer 
which was lowered from 1.0 per cent to 0.0 per cent. as of 1 May 2020 by the Bank of Estonia. The cut was 
made to cover possible credit losses and provide additional credit support in response to the expected 
economic downturn as a consequence of the Coronavirus pandemic. The systemic risk buffer is reviewed 
annually. The buffer requirement applies to the total risk exposure of systemically important institutions 
and must be met by common equity tier 1 own funds.  
In addition to regulatory capital requirements, a variety of other factors may affect the Bank's capital 
adequacy levels. For example, a significant increase in lending, reduced profitability or any losses 
experienced by it would reduce the Bank’s capital adequacy ratios. The Bank may also need to increase its 
capital as a result of market perceptions of adequate capitalisation levels and the perceptions of rating 
agencies. The ability of the Issuer to raise such capital may be affected by the guidance from the European 
Banking Authority in place as at the date of this Base Prospectus to temporarily stop dividend payments to 
shareholders. 
As a result, the Bank is likely to need to obtain additional capital in the future to support the future growth 
of its business. Such capital, whether in the form of debt financing or additional equity, may not be available 
on commercially favourable terms, or at all. Moreover, should the Bank's capital ratios fall close to 
regulatory minimum levels or the Bank's own internal minimum levels, the Bank may need to adjust its 
business practices, including reducing the risk and leverage of certain activities or limiting asset growth. If 
the Bank is unable to maintain satisfactory capital adequacy ratios, its credit ratings may be lowered, its 
cost of funding may increase and it may suffer regulatory sanctions. Any such development may have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank. 
The Bank is exposed to risks related to money laundering activities and sanctions violations 
In general, the risk that banks will be subjected to or used for money laundering has increased worldwide. 
The high turnover of employees, the difficulty in consistently implementing related policies and technology 
systems, and the general business conditions in Estonia and proximate markets such as Russia, mean that 
the risk of the occurrence of money laundering is high. If financial market conditions, both globally and 
regionally, deteriorate, there is a risk that incidents involving money laundering may increase; this may 
affect the Bank's ability to monitor, detect and respond to such incidents. 
Additionally, one of the core business areas of the Bank is offering services to financial intermediaries such 
as payment service providers and virtual asset service providers. The services being offered include 
accounts, payments (including real life EUR and GBP payments), acquiring, working capital finance and 
foreign currency exchange services. Servicing such financial intermediary clients entails a higher risk of 
fraud and money laundering compared to regular retail and non-financial corporate clients due to the large 
number of end customers serviced by the financial intermediaries.  
In addition, banks are required to comply with a number of international sanctions regimes, including those 
of the European Union, the United Nations, the United States and a number of other individual countries. 
A wide range of countries, organisations and individuals may be subject to sanctions under these regimes

--- Page 27 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
and the complexity of banking operations means that steps taken to screen transactions against sanctions 
lists may not always be effective. 
As a result, the risk of future incidents in relation to money laundering and sanctions violations always 
exists for financial institutions. Any violation of anti-money laundering rules or sanctions regimes, or even 
the suggestion of violations, may have severe legal and reputational consequences for the Bank and may, 
as a result, have a material adverse effect on the Bank. 
The Bank is subject to the risk of changes in tax regulations reducing its profitability 
Estonian tax regulations are subject to changes, some of which may be dictated by short-term political 
needs and may therefore be unexpected and unpredictable. For example, as a result of a separate corporate 
income tax ("CIT") regime targeted specifically at Estonian resident credit institutions, these institutions 
are required to make quarterly advance payments of income tax on the profit earned by them in the previous 
quarter while the companies operating in other sectors remain subject to the general corporate income tax 
regime under which profit is subject to taxation only upon distribution.  
Advance payments of CIT are made at a rate of 14 per cent. and the first advance payment was due in 
September 2018. The quarterly profit of credit institutions, on the basis of which the advance CIT is 
calculated, is reduced by the amount of the tax-exempt dividends received by the credit institution in that 
quarter, as well as by the amount of any loss recorded during the preceding 19 quarters (loss carry forward 
for five years). However, the calculation of the loss carry forward only starts from the second quarter of 
2018 and Estonian credit institutions are not permitted to account for losses that had arisen prior to that 
quarter. Estonian credit institutions have the right to set-off the CIT payable from dividend distributions 
(including from regular dividends) or distributions from their equity capital, against the advance CIT 
payments that had been previously made to the tax authority under the above described advance payment 
arrangement. The advance CIT has a more significant impact on credit institutions in an active growth 
phase, such as the Bank, as it reduces the own funds of the institution. Any other changes in Estonian tax 
regulations or in the interpretation of such regulations, may also have material adverse effect on the Bank. 
The Bank's internal compliance systems might not be fully effective in all circumstances 
The Bank's ability to comply with all applicable regulations is largely dependent on its maintenance of 
compliance, audit and reporting systems and procedures, and its ability to attract and retain personnel 
qualified to manage and monitor such systems and procedures. Although the Bank is subject to oversight 
by regulatory authorities, including regular examination activity and annual supervisory review visits, and 
performs regular internal audits and employs an external auditing firm to review its internal auditing 
function as required by applicable regulations, the Bank cannot be certain that these systems and procedures 
will be fully effective in all circumstances, particularly in the case of deliberate employee misconduct or 
other frauds perpetrated against it. In the case of actual or alleged non-compliance with applicable 
regulations, the Bank could be subject to investigations and judicial or administrative proceedings that may 
result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits for damages that could have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank. 
A negative change, or perceived negative change, in the Bank's credit rating could limit its ability to 
raise funding and may increase its borrowing costs 
The Bank currently has a long-term bank deposits rating of Baa1 with a positive outlook from Moody's. 
This credit rating is an important factor in determining the Bank's cost of borrowings. The interest rates 
charged on the Bank's borrowings are also partly dependent on its credit rating. 
There is no assurance that the Bank's rating will remain in effect for any given period of time or that the 
rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if circumstances in the future so warrant. A downgrade, or 
increased risk of a downgrade, of the Bank's credit rating, or a negative change in its outlook, may: 
• 
limit the Bank's ability to raise funding; 
• 
increase the Bank's cost of borrowing; and

--- Page 28 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
• 
limit the Bank's ability to raise capital. 
In addition, actual or anticipated changes in the Bank's credit rating may negatively affect the market value 
of the Covered Bonds. 
According to Moody's, the principal credit challenges facing the Bank are (i) its high loan growth, which 
could result in deteriorating asset risk in a downturn and (ii) the fact that it provides services to financial 
intermediaries which could lead to volatility in funding.  Moody's also notes four factors which, if they 
materialise, could lead to a future downgrade of the Bank's rating or to reverting the outlook of the rating 
to stable (from the current positive outlook): 
• 
a deterioration in solvency ratios; 
• 
a material increase in operational risk relating to its services to financial intermediaries, for example 
due to materialising weaknesses in AML monitoring; 
• 
lower volumes of liquid resources, leading to reduced liquidity buffers compared to the increasing 
volume of more volatile funding sources such as senior debt; and 
• 
lower levels of loss absorbing obligations, could lead to lower uplift in deposit ratings.  
In addition, the credit rating assigned to the Bank may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
an investment in the Covered Bonds, the market, additional factors discussed in this Prospectus and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities. A rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by an assigning rating 
organisation.  
The Bank may not be able to recruit and retain qualified and experienced personnel, which could 
have an adverse effect on its business and its ability to implement its strategy 
The Bank's success and ability to maintain current business levels and sustain growth will depend, in part, 
on its ability to continue to recruit and retain qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. 
The market for such personnel in Estonia is intensely competitive and the Bank could face challenges in 
recruiting and retaining such personnel to manage its businesses.  Regulatory restrictions, such as the limits 
on certain types of remuneration paid by credit institutions and investment firms contained in CRD IV and 
further developed in CRD V had to be transposed into national law by December 2020 but as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the amendments to the Estonian legislation are still pending. These could however 
adversely affect the Bank's ability to attract new qualified personnel and retain and motivate existing 
employees. Any loss of the services of key employees, particularly to competitors, or any inability to attract 
and retain highly skilled personnel may have material adverse effect on the Bank. 
The Bank also depends on the efforts, skill, reputation and experience of its senior management, as well as 
synergies among their diverse fields of expertise and knowledge. The loss of key personnel could delay or 
prevent the Bank from implementing its strategies and the Bank may not be able to replace any such lost 
personnel easily or quickly. The Bank has crime and professional indemnity insurance cover in relation to 
its key personnel, but is not insured against losses that may be incurred in the event of the loss of any 
member of its key personnel. 
The Bank operates in a highly competitive market which may adversely affect its results of operations 
if it is unable to compete effectively 
The Bank operates in a highly competitive market. In addition to the licensed credit institutions and 
branches of foreign banks present in Estonia, there are market participants (such as non-bank lenders) who 
are not subject to regulatory and capital requirements as burdensome as those to which the Bank is subject 
and who may therefore have a competitive advantage in relation to lending. Furthermore, the credit and 
lending market is characterised by the development of new products and technological solutions which 
compete with the more conservative and traditional products and services offered by the Bank and may 
result in price pressure on the products and services offered by the Bank. In particular, whilst the Bank 
believes that its LHV Connect service is the first bank application programming interface through which

--- Page 29 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
FinTech companies can access euro and pound payments, it is possible that competition in this market will 
increase and competitors of the Bank, both traditional and new entrants, may develop new products and 
technological solutions which will disrupt the existing traditional banking model. If the Bank fails to 
respond to a more competitive environment by offering attractive and profitable product and service 
solutions, it may experience a loss of market share and a decrease in profitability. 
The Bank is subject to legal risks  
The Bank's operations are materially dependent on the validity and enforceability of the transactions and 
agreements it enters into, high volumes of which may be based on standard templates. These transactions 
and agreements may be subject to the laws of Estonia or to the laws of other countries where the Bank 
operates. While due care is taken to ensure that the terms of these transactions and agreements are fully 
enforceable under the laws applicable to them, human error or new laws and regulations and changes in 
interpretation of existing laws and regulations by the competent authorities and courts may create 
uncertainty or render part or all of a particular agreement unenforceable by the Bank. Consequently, the 
Bank may not be able to always enforce its contractual rights. Particularly in the context of a template 
agreement which has been replicated extensively, this could have a material adverse effect on the Bank. 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Bank is exposed to a significant risk of claims, disputes and legal 
proceedings. In many cases, the Bank will be the plaintiff, typically seeking to recover money advanced 
and it may not always be successful in this endeavour and, even where it is successful, the costs involved 
in the litigation will reduce its recoveries. In cases where the Bank is a defendant, in addition to the cost of 
defending the claim the Bank may be required to pay significant damages and the dispute could also 
negatively affect the Bank's reputation. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE COVERED BONDS 
Default of Issuer's Assets or an inability to supplement the Cover Pool with Eligible Assets and 
Insolvency of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
Default of the Issuer's assets (in particular assets in the Cover Pool) or an inability to supplement the Cover 
Pool with Eligible Assets could jeopardise the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Covered Bonds in 
full or on a timely basis.  
Under the ECBA, to comply with the statutory requirements, the Issuer must ensure that the present value 
of the total amount of the Cover Pool continuously exceeds the present value of the combined payment 
obligations arising from Covered Bonds and from the Derivative Instruments entered in the cover register 
by at least two per cent. Additionally, the nominal value of the assets in the Cover Pool must at all times be 
at least equal to the nominal value of the Covered Bonds. In case of defaults of the Issuer's assets resulting 
in such assets ceasing to satisfy the criteria of Eligible Assets or a lack of Eligible Assets due to any other 
reason, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to add to the Cover Pool to meet such referred statutory 
requirement. Furthermore, after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer's assets, the 
Issuer is not permitted under the ECBA to make any transactions with the assets in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio and therefore, no addition of assets to the Cover Pool can be expected following the occurrence 
of a separation event which may occur due to, among other things, a declaration of bankruptcy or a 
moratorium in respect of the Issuer; commencement of crisis resolution proceedings in respect of the Issuer; 
termination of the validity of the credit institution licence or additional authorisation for issuing covered 
bonds held by the Issuer; the passing of a court ruling providing for compulsory dissolution of the Issuer; 
receiving an authorisation from the EFSA for voluntary dissolution or discontinuation of the issuance of 
Covered Bonds; or where the EFSA resolves that the Covered Bond Portfolio should be separated from the 
Issuer's assets on the grounds provided in the ECBA. 
If: (i) the present value of the Cover Pool does not cover the present value of the liabilities arising from 
Covered Bonds and from the Derivative Instruments entered in the cover register and the expenses of 
management of the Covered Bond Portfolio or (ii) the Cover Pool or the income receivable from the Cover 
Pool is not sufficient to settle a rightful claim of at least one Covered Bondholder or at least one counterparty 
to a Derivative Instrument entered in the cover register and the situation is not temporary due to the financial 
standing of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the Covered Bond portfolio will be deemed insolvent and the 
EFSA may apply to court for the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond 
Portfolio. To the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds and

--- Page 30 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
counterparties to the Derivative Instruments included in the Cover Pool are not met out of the Cover Pool 
in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the Covered 
Bondholders and counterparties to the Derivative Instruments included in the Cover Pool may submit their 
claims arising from the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments against the Issuer or its bankruptcy 
estate, but such residual claims of the Covered Bondholders and counterparties to the Derivative 
Instruments included in the Cover Pool will not be preferred claims, will rank pari passu with the unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions 
of law that are both mandatory and of general application) and may thus not be satisfied in full. 
A draft law introducing various amendments to the ECBA, including, among others, to the requirements 
relating to the calculation of the cover pool for covered bonds and the calculation and testing methodology 
thereof, has been prepared by the Estonian Ministry of Finance. Although as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the legislative proceedings towards the adoption of the referred draft law are at a preparatory 
stage, wherefore the exact impact of the new requirements on the Issuer’s assets and the Cover Pool remains 
unclear for now, the new requirements introduced by the draft law may further affect the Issuer’s obligations 
relating to the Cover Pool and the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Covered Bonds. 
Credit risk of the Issuer 
An investment in Covered Bonds is subject to credit risk. The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations arising 
from the Covered Bonds and the ability of the holders of the Covered Bonds to receive payments arising 
from the Covered Bonds depends on the financial position and the results of operations of the Issuer, which 
are subject to other risks described in this Base Prospectus.  
The statutory cover conferred on holders of Covered Bonds by the ECBA extends to Mortgage Loans 
owned by the Issuer and other Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool. Upon the declaration of the 
Issuer's bankruptcy and upon the occurrence of certain other events stipulated in the ECBA, the Covered 
Bond Portfolio will be separated from the other assets and liabilities of the Issuer and will form an 
independent pool of designated assets to be managed in accordance with the ECBA and to be used solely 
to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of any counterparties to Derivative Instruments included 
in the Cover Pool and to cover the expenses related to the management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. If 
after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio it becomes evident that the Cover Pool or proceeds 
therefrom are insufficient to discharge all liabilities arising from the Covered Bonds and Derivative 
Instruments recorded in the cover register and such situation is not temporary or the present value of the 
Cover Pool does not cover the present value of the relevant liabilities (such situation may occur, for 
instance, due to circumstances described under the risk factor "Default of Issuer's Assets or an inability to 
supplement the Cover Pool with Eligible Assets and Insolvency of the Covered Bond Portfolio"), the 
Covered Bond Portfolio will be deemed insolvent and the EFSA may apply to court for the initiation of 
bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond Portfolio. If the Covered Bond Portfolio becomes 
insolvent, to the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in relation to the Covered Bonds are not 
satisfied in the course of the bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the residual claims of 
the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. Should the Issuer's assets be insufficient to satisfy the residual claims of the Covered 
Bondholders and all relevant obligations of the Issuer ranking ahead of or pari passu with such claims, the 
Covered Bondholders may lose some of their investment. 
No ownership rights 
An investment into the Covered Bonds is an investment into debt instruments, which does not confer any 
legal or beneficial interest in the equity of the Issuer or any of the subsidiaries thereof or any voting rights 
or rights to receive dividends or other rights which may arise from equity instruments. The Covered Bonds 
represent a debt obligation of the Issuer, which is covered by the assets in the Cover Pool and which grants 
the Covered Bondholders only such rights as set forth in the Conditions.  
There is no active trading market for the Covered Bonds 
There can be no assurance that a liquid market for the Covered Bonds will be maintained. The investors 
may find it difficult to sell their Covered Bonds or to sell them at prices producing a return comparable to 
returns on similar investments in the secondary market.

--- Page 31 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
The Covered Bonds are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently 
no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Covered Bonds which is already issued). If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, no liquidity of any market in the Covered Bonds can be assured; 
nor the ability of the holders of the Covered Bonds to sell their Covered Bonds or the prices at which they 
would be able to sell their Covered Bonds. 
If the Covered Bonds are traded after their initial issuance, they may be traded at a discount or at a premium 
to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, 
general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. It is possible that the market for the 
Covered Bonds will be subject to disruptions or volatility. Any such disruption or volatility may have a 
negative effect on holders of the Covered Bonds, regardless of the Issuer's prospects and financial 
performance. As a result, there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Covered 
Bonds. If no active trading market develops, you may not be able to resell your holding of the Covered 
Bonds at a fair value, if at all. 
Although an application has been made for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin 
there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance 
as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Issuer will predominantly pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in Euro (the "Specified 
Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a holder of the Covered Bonds 
financial activities is denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, holders of the Covered Bonds may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Covered Bonds. Particularly long-term fixed-rate Covered Bonds involve 
a high risk of a material decline in value if the market rate exceeds the rate paid in accordance with the 
fixed-rate Covered Bonds. On the other hand, holders of Covered Bonds that are subject to redemption at 
the option of the Issuer should not expect, in case of falling market rates, that the price would substantially 
exceed the redemption price. The yield to maturity on the Covered Bonds is affected by a number of factors 
that cannot be predicted at the time of the investment. 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, 
in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Covered 
Bonds due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds the relevant Final Terms specify that 
the Covered Bonds are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may 
choose to redeem the Covered Bonds at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such

--- Page 32 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
circumstances a holder of the Covered Bonds may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. This optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market 
value of the Covered Bonds. During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able, elect to 
redeem the Covered Bonds, the market value of the Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
Because the Global Covered Bonds are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, holders of the Covered Bonds will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, 
payment and communication with the Issuer 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds. 
Such Global Covered Bonds will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Covered Bond, holders of the 
Covered Bonds will not be entitled to receive Definitive Covered Bonds. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds. While the 
Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds, holders of the Covered Bonds will 
be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their 
participants. 
While the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds the Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by making payments to the common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Covered Bond must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to receive payments under the relevant Covered Bonds. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right to vote in respect 
of the relevant Covered Bonds. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they 
are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders 
of beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right under the Global Covered 
Bonds to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Covered 
Bonds but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Regulation and reform of EURIBOR or other "benchmarks" could adversely affect any Covered 
Bonds linked to such "benchmarks" 
EURIBOR and other rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds became 
applicable from 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in 
the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators 
that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on the FCA 
register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such 
changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international,

--- Page 33 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain benchmarks.  
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, any benchmark, including EURIBOR 
will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause any such benchmark to perform differently 
than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements 
in the event that a published benchmark, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published 
(or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be 
determined by an independent adviser or the Issuer or set by reference to a reference bond rate, a successor 
rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted 
(if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may 
result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last observed on 
the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates 
and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an independent adviser of the Issuer, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the return on the relevant Covered Bonds and the trading market for securities (including the 
Covered Bonds) based on the same benchmark. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Covered 
Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution 
The BRRD (as amended by BRRD II) sets out the necessary steps and powers to ensure that bank failures 
across the EU are managed in a way which mitigates the risk of financial instability and minimises costs 
for taxpayers. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a harmonised set of tools and powers to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of 
the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's 
failure on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD contemplates that powers will be granted to supervisory authorities including (but not limited 
to) the introduction of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" (exercisable in relation to Tier 1 
capital instruments and Tier 2 instruments) and a 'bail-in and loss absorption' power (exercisable in relation 
to other securities that are not Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments), which will give the recovery and 
resolution authority under BRRD and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the “SRM Regulation”, as amended 
by Regulation 2019/877) (the "Relevant Resolution Authority"), the power to cancel all or a portion of 
the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities (which could include Covered Bonds, 
with the exception that the bail-in and loss absorption mechanism cannot be applied to Covered Bonds 
issued in accordance with the ECBA and the financial instruments used for hedging purposes which are

--- Page 34 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
secured in a way similar to Covered Bonds, to the extent they are secured) of a failing financial institution 
and/or to convert certain debt claims (which could include the Covered Bonds, with the exception that the 
bail-in and loss absorption mechanism cannot be applied to Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the 
ECBA and the financial instruments used for hedging purposes which are secured in a way similar to 
Covered Bonds) into another security, including equity instruments of the surviving Issuer entity, if any. 
The Estonian legislation implementing the BRRD, the Estonian Financial Crisis Prevention and Resolution 
Act, entered into force on 29 March 2015. For more information on the implementation of the BRRD in 
Estonia, see "The Estonian resolution legislation implementing the BRRD Directive" below. 
As well as a "write-down and conversion power" and a "bail-in and loss absorption" power as described 
above, the powers granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include the power to (i) 
direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms 
without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would 
otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" 
(a publicly controlled entity) and (iii) transfer assets of the relevant financial institution to an asset 
management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. In addition, among the broader powers granted 
to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD, the BRRD provides powers to the Relevant 
Resolution Authority to amend the maturity date and/or any interest payment date of debt instruments or 
other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution and/or impose a temporary suspension of 
payments. 
The write-down and conversion power can be used to ensure that Tier 1 and Tier 2 Capital instruments 
fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any 
other action is taken.  
The general bail-in and loss absorption powers set out in the BRRD are not intended to apply to secured 
debt (such as the Covered Bonds) and the Financial Crisis Prevention and Resolution Act (as amended, the 
"FCPRA"), by which the BRRD was implemented into Estonian law, provides that: (i) the bail-in and loss 
absorption tool may not be applied to, inter alia, covered bonds and financial instruments included in a 
covered bond portfolio and used for hedging purposes that are secured in a way similar to covered bonds; 
and (ii) the application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool may not affect the cover pool and upon the 
application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool, the cover pool shall remain segregated and with enough 
funding. However, to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets 
comprising the Cover Pool (and the Covered Bonds subsequently rank pari passu with unsecured debt), the 
Covered Bonds may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general 
bail-in and loss absorption powers, which may result in the Covered Bondholders losing some or all of their 
investment. Further, there remains significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate nature and scope of the 
bail-in and loss absorption powers under the BRRD and how they will affect the Issuer, the Group or the 
Covered Bondholders, and there can be no assurance that the manner in which it is implemented or the 
taking of any actions by the Relevant Resolution Authority currently contemplated in the BRRD would not 
adversely affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders, the price or value of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
In addition to the BRRD, the EU has adopted the SRM Regulation a directly applicable regulation 
governing the resolution of the most significant financial institutions in the Eurozone, i.e. a regulation 
establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism for them. The SRM Regulation establishes a single European 
resolution board (consisting of representatives from the European Central Bank (the "ECB"), the European 
Commission and the relevant national resolution authorities) (the "Resolution Board") having resolution 
powers over the entities that are subject to the SRM Regulation, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of 
the national resolution authorities. In addition, to ensure the consistent application of high resolution 
standards, the Resolution Board can decide, upon request by the relevant national resolution authority, or 
at its own initiative, to directly exercise resolution powers with respect to entities that do not in essence 
qualify as significant institutions and thus, would generally fall within a national resolution authority’s 
original remit (such as the Issuer). 
The SRM Regulation mirrors the BRRD and, to a large part, refers to the BRRD so that the Resolution 
Board is able to apply the same powers that would otherwise be available to the relevant national resolution 
authority. These resolution powers include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool, the asset 
separation tool, the bail-in and loss absorption tool and the mandatory write-down and conversion power 
in respect of capital instruments.

--- Page 35 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
The exercise of any resolution powers or early intervention measures or any powers pursuant to BRRD and 
the SRM Regulation, if and as applicable with respect to the Issuer or any suggestion of such exercise will 
likely materially adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Covered Bonds and/or the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Covered Bonds and could lead to the holders of the 
Covered Bonds losing some or all of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Estonian resolution legislation implementing the BRRD Directive 
The BRRD was implemented in Estonia by the FCPRA. Under the FCPRA, the Relevant Resolution 
Authority is the Estonian Financial Supervision Authority (the "EFSA"). The FCPRA provides for certain 
resolution measures, including the power to impose in certain circumstances a suspension of activities. Any 
suspension of activities can, to the extent determined by the EFSA, result in the partial or complete 
suspension of the performance of agreements entered into by the Issuer. The FCPRA also grants the power 
to the EFSA to take a number of resolution measures which may apply to the Issuer, including (i) a forced 
sale of the credit institution (sale of business), (ii) the establishment of a bridge institution bank or, (iii) the 
forced transfer of all or part of the assets, rights or obligations of the credit institution (asset separation) and 
(iv) the application of the general bail-in and loss absorption tool. In addition, the FCPRA sets forth that all 
credit institutions must at all times meet the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities 
(the “MREL”) determined by the EFSA for each credit institution, including the Issuer. 
The powers set out in the resolution legislation will impact how credit institutions are managed as well as, 
in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The bail-in and loss absorption tool is not intended to apply 
to secured debt, and hence should apply to Covered Bonds only to the extent that the amounts payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds exceed the value of the cover pool against which payment of those amounts 
is secured. However, there remains significant uncertainty as to the ultimate nature and scope of the bail-in 
and loss absorption tool and how it would affect the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer.   
If the debt bail-in and loss absorption tool and the statutory write-down and conversion power become 
applicable to the Issuer, the Covered Bonds may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any 
application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool, which may result in Covered Bondholders losing some 
or all of their investment. Subject to certain conditions, the terms of the obligations owed by the Issuer may 
also be varied by the Relevant Resolution Authority (e.g. as to maturity, interest and interest payment dates). 
The exercise of any power under the resolution legislation or any suggestion of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the rights of Covered Bondholders, the price or value of their investment in any 
Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Covered Bonds. 
There remains uncertainty regarding how the FCPRA would affect the Issuer, the price or value of an 
investment in the Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. Accordingly, it is not yet possible to assess the full impact of the FCPRA. The Covered Bonds may 
under certain circumstances described above be part of the claims and debts in respect of which the EFSA 
could use the bail-in and loss absorption powers to write-down or convert the principal of the Covered 
Bonds. There can be no assurances that the FCPRA could not adversely affect the price or value of an 
investment in Covered Bonds subject to the provisions of the FCPRA and/or the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under such Covered Bonds. Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should 
consult their own advisors as to the consequences of the implementation of the FCPRA. 
Further to the above, on 12 May 2021, a new law prepared for the transposition of BBRD II was adopted 
in Estonia, wherefore the measures that may be taken with respect to the Issuer under the resolution 
legislation and the terms for the application thereof towards the Issuer are expected to be extended once the 
amendments introduced to the FCPRA by the new law enter into force. 
Changes in laws or administrative practices could entail risks 
The conditions of the Covered Bonds are based on the laws of England in effect as at the date of issue of 
the relevant Covered Bonds. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision 
or change to the laws of England or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, the Issuer operates in a heavily regulated environment and has to comply with extensive 
regulations in the Republic of Estonia (including but not limited to the Estonian Credit Institutions Act and 
other laws and regulations regulating the activities of credit institutions, as well as the Estonian Securities 
Market Act and other laws and regulations regulating the provisions of investment services). No assurance

--- Page 36 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to laws or administrative practices 
of Estonia after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Denominations of the Definitive Covered Bonds may be illiquid 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Covered 
Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination (or its equivalent). In such a case a Covered Bondholder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination may not receive Definitive Covered Bonds in respect of such holding (should Definitive 
Covered Bonds be printed) and may need to purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds such that its 
holding amounts to the minimum Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Covered Bondholders should be aware that Definitive Covered 
Bonds which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the larger the remaining term of such 
securities the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Covered Bondholders, 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent makes 
pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Covered Bondholders during the 
term of the Covered Bonds and upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Covered Bondholders during the term and on the maturity of the Covered 
Bonds or the market price, liquidity or value of the Covered Bonds and which could be deemed to be 
adverse to the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
Recognition of choice of court agreements and enforcement of foreign judgements in Estonia 
In accordance with Condition 22(b) (English courts), the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds). In accordance with Condition 22(d) 
(Rights of the Covered Bondholders to take proceedings outside England), notwithstanding Condition 22(b) 
(English courts), any Covered Bondholder may take proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts 
with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Covered Bondholders may take concurrent proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
Under item (a) of paragraph 1 of Article 67 of the agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community 
(the "Withdrawal Agreement"),the provisions regarding jurisdiction of Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 
of the European Parliament and the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and 
enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (recast) (the "Brussels Regulation") apply in 
respect of legal proceedings instituted before 1 January 2021 and in respect of proceedings or actions that 
are related to such legal proceedings pursuant to Articles 29, 30 and 31 of the Brussels Regulation. Under 
item (a) of paragraph 2 of Article 67 of the Withdrawal Agreement, the Brussels Regulation shall apply to 
the recognition and enforcement of judgments given in any legal proceedings instituted before 1 January

--- Page 37 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
2021, and to instruments formally drawn up or registered and court settlements approved or concluded 
before 1 January 2021. Under Estonian law, the provisions of international treaties and the Brussels 
Regulation have supremacy over national law provisions on jurisdiction. Thus, for the purposes of legal 
proceedings initiated, instruments formally drawn up or registered, and court settlements approved or 
concluded before 1 January 2021, the validity of the choice of jurisdiction of English courts is to be assessed 
in an Estonian court (in case a dispute is brought to an Estonian court), and the judgments of English courts 
are to be recognised in Estonia in accordance with and subject to limitations arising from the Brussels 
Regulation. The recognition of the choice of recognition of the choice of jurisdiction of English courts and 
the recognition and enforcement of judgments of English courts made on or after 1 January 2021 would be 
assessed and carried out in Estonia in accordance with the Hague Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice 
of Court Agreements and the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure, if and as applicable. The validity of the 
parties’ agreement on jurisdiction, including as stipulated in Condition 22(d) would be assessed by Estonian 
courts in accordance with, firstly, the Hague Convention on the Choice of Court Agreements, and, secondly, 
the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure. The provisions of the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure would also 
apply to recognition of choice of court and enforcement of judgments of courts of other countries which 
are not subject to the Brussels Regulation or international agreements or conventions. The Estonian Code 
of Civil Procedure stipulates that parties are generally free to contractually agree on a jurisdiction of their 
choice, provided that, among others, the contract is concluded in the course of their business activities, in 
writing or in a format which can be reproduced in writing and does not relate to a matter in respect of which 
the exclusive jurisdiction of Estonian courts is stipulated by the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure. In order 
to be valid, the relevant agreement concerning applicable jurisdiction should not in bad faith exclude a 
party's right to use Estonian jurisdiction. The validity of asymmetric jurisdiction clauses is not expressly 
regulated in the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure and is untested in the practice of the Estonian Supreme 
Court. With respect to the recognition of judgments of foreign courts, the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure 
provides that a court may refuse, on the application of an interested party, to recognize the judgment based 
on the grounds stipulated in the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure. Such grounds include, above all, conflict 
with public policy, failure to deliver the action and procedural documents to the defendant, existence of the 
conflicting court decisions and inappropriate jurisdiction, amongst others. 
Thus, the ability of Covered Bondholders to bring proceedings against the Issuer in English courts or other 
foreign courts and the recognition and enforcement of the judgements of English courts and other foreign 
courts in Estonia may be subject to limitations and conditions arising from, as applicable in each particular 
situation, the Brussels Regulation, the international agreements or conventions or the Estonian Code of 
Civil Procedure. 
Recognition and enforcement of choice of English law to govern the Covered Bonds and procedural 
rules applied in court proceedings in Estonia  
Under item (a) of Article 66 of the Withdrawal Agreement, Regulation (EC) 593/2008 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 17 June 2008 on the law applicable to contractual obligations (the “Rome 
I Regulation”) shall apply with respect to contracts concluded before 1 January 2021. As under Estonian 
law, provisions of international treaties and the Brussels Regulation have supremacy over national law 
provisions on jurisdiction, if a dispute relating to an agreement concluded before 1 January 2021 is brought 
in an Estonian court and should such Estonian court have jurisdiction over the dispute, the choice of 
governing law would be assessed by such Estonian court on the basis of the Rome I Regulation. For 
contracts concluded on or after 1 January 2021, recognition of choice of law to govern any contractual 
obligations would, in a situation where a relevant dispute is brought to an Estonian court (and provided that 
such Estonian court has jurisdiction over the dispute) be decided by the Estonian court in accordance with 
the Estonian Private International Law Act. In accordance with the Estonian Private International Law Act, 
as a general principle, an agreement shall be governed by the law chosen by the parties and, by their choice, 
parties may select the law applicable to the whole or part of the agreement. However, a foreign law chosen 
by the parties shall not be applied by Estonian courts in certain circumstances, above all, if: (i) application 
of a provision of foreign law is manifestly incompatible with the public policy ("ordre public") of Estonia; 
(ii) provisions of foreign law allow the parties to deviate from the provisions of Estonian law that have 
extraterritorial application or overriding mandatory provisions; or (iii) the substance of the applicable 
foreign law cannot be established by the Estonian court, regardless of all reasonable efforts, within a 
reasonable time. In such circumstances Estonian courts may apply Estonian law instead. 
Further to the above, in any proceedings taken in Estonian courts or other authorities for the enforcement 
of the Covered Bonds, the courts and the authorities would apply procedural rules of Estonian law, and the

--- Page 38 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
enforcement would thus be subject to the limitations arising from Estonian law. Such limitations include, 
inter alia, that the enforcement of the Covered Bonds in Estonian courts may be subject to restrictions based 
upon principles of reasonableness and fairness, statutory limitations for filing of claims and the general 
discretionary authority of the courts to mitigate damages. In addition, restrictions on the enforcement of the 
Covered Bonds could (depending on the circumstances) arise from applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
moratorium and other laws of general application relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of 
creditors' rights and remedies from time to time in effect. 
Any of the above may adversely affect the enforcement by Covered Bondholders of their claims against 
the Issuer arising from the Covered Bonds.  
Laws applicable to assets included in the Cover Pool 
The claims under the Mortgage Loans and the mortgages that secure such claims, which form part of the 
assets contained in the Cover Pool, are governed by their contractual terms and various mandatory legal 
requirements and limitations arising from applicable laws, including mandatory consumer protection 
requirements, as well as rules and requirements relating to the right to enforce mortgages and dispose of 
the relevant property. To the extent that such requirements may restrict, limit, hinder or even prohibit certain 
actions in respect of the enforcement of the claims under the Mortgage Loans and the mortgages that secure 
such claims, there is a risk that the ability of the Issuer to realise the assets in the relevant Cover Pool may 
be delayed or may result in an increase in the costs of enforcement, that may ultimately lead to a reduced 
return to the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
Set-off by debtors of claims included in the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool shall mainly comprise the Issuer's claims against debtors which are secured by mortgages 
over property in Estonia. Such debtors may have a right to offset their claims against the Issuer against their 
obligations under the Mortgage Loans which form part of the assets in the Cover Pool. Such right may be 
provided in the loan agreements between the Issuer and such debtors. 
Furthermore, even if the agreements between the Issuer and the debtor do not provide such right of set-off, 
such right may arise from mandatorily applicable Estonian laws. Also, if the agreements between the Issuer 
and the debtor prohibit such set-off, it is possible that such restriction may be considered void by a court, 
on the grounds that such restriction is an unfair standard term or contradict mandatorily applicable contract 
and consumer protection laws.  
In addition to the above, mandatorily applicable Estonian laws prohibit precluding or restricting a 
consumer's right to plead defences arising from a consumer credit contract against third parties to whom 
the obligee assigns the claims arising from the consumer credit contract. This means that if the Covered 
Bond Portfolio or claims belonging to the Cover Pool are transferred to a third-party buyer, the debtors of 
claims which form part of the assets in the Cover Pool may be entitled to offset the relevant claims so 
transferred to the third-party buyer against their claims against the Issuer. 
A set-off by the borrower against the Issuer before the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the 
Issuer would require the Issuer to add additional assets to the Cover Pool, unless the Cover Pool satisfies 
the requirements of the ECBA regardless of the set-off. If such set-off is carried out by the borrower after 
the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer, then the Issuer may no longer be permitted 
to add assets to the Cover Pool but shall be under obligation to transfer any proceeds or assets received 
(including by way of set-off) on account of the performance of any Mortgage Loans included in the Cover 
Pool to the disposal of the Cover Pool administrator (except in the case of crisis resolution proceedings). 
Should the Issuer be unable to fulfil such obligations, a set-off by debtors of claims which form part of the 
assets in the Cover Pool may reduce the amounts receivable from the assets in the Cover Pool, which may 
reduce the amounts receivable by the Covered Bondholders. 
The draft law prepared to amend the ECBA (as described in more detail below under “ Estonian Covered 
Bond Legislation is Untested and May be Modified”), as available as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
proposes that the right of debtors to set-off their claims towards the credit institution acting as issuer of 
covered bonds against the claims of such credit institution which have been included in the cover pool for 
covered bonds be expressly restricted. However, as the proceedings towards adoption of the draft law 
envisaging to amend the ECBA as currently in force are still at a preparatory stage and the provisions

--- Page 39 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
included therein remain subject to further modifications, there can be no assurances as to the final scope 
and substance of amendments that are to be made thereby to the ECBA. 
Sharing of the Cover Pool 
Under the ECBA, Covered Bondholders (along with counterparties to Derivative Instruments) are given a 
statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer in relation to the assets entered into the cover 
register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. Accordingly, notwithstanding that the Issuer has 
entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings (as well as upon certain other events prescribed in the 
ECBA), the Cover Pool shall separate from the Issuer and will form an independent pool of designated 
assets and the Covered Bondholders (along with counterparties to Derivative Instruments and persons 
entitled to satisfy their claims for the account of the Cover Pool by operation of law) have the right to 
receive payment before all other claims against the Issuer out of the proceeds of the Cover Pool. As 
described in more detail under the risk factor "Default of Issuer's Assets", if the Covered Bond Portfolio 
becomes insolvent, to the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
are not met out of the Cover Pool, in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in relation to the Covered 
Bond Portfolio the residual claims of the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Covered Bondholders will not have any preferential right to the 
Issuer's assets other than those entered into the cover register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Given the pari passu ranking of the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments under the ECBA, in the 
event of the Issuer's liquidation or bankruptcy, the amount available to be paid to Covered Bondholders out 
of the Cover Pool on a prioritised basis may be affected by the amounts payable at the relevant time to 
counterparties of Derivative Instruments. 
The funds accrued from the assets entered in the Cover Pool of the Covered Bonds after the separation of 
the Covered Bond Portfolio are repaid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds 
and Derivative Instruments and in accordance with provisions of the ECBA. 
Transfer of the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
In case the Covered Bond Portfolio (consisting of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool and the Derivative 
Instruments entered into the Register) is separated from the Issuer, the Cover Pool administrator may, upon 
the permission of the EFSA, transfer the separated Covered Bond Portfolio in its entirety to another 
Estonian credit institution that has obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds or to a credit 
institution of a Contracting State of the European Economic Area Agreement which is permitted to issue, 
in the country where it is established, securities meeting the conditions laid down in the first subparagraph 
of Article 52 (4) of Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the coordination 
of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities. Upon such transfer, all rights and obligations related to the Covered Bond Portfolio 
being transferred, including the liabilities arising from the Covered Bond Portfolio before the transfer of 
the rights and obligations, shall be transferred to the acquirer. The proceeds received from transfer of the 
Covered Bond Portfolio in its entirety shall be used to cover the expenses of management of the Covered 
Bond Portfolio. The funds remaining after all expenses are covered shall be included by the Cover Pool 
administrator in the Issuer's bankruptcy estate or other assets. It should be noted, however, that there can 
be no assurance as to whether there will be a trading market for the collateral in the Cover Pool or an eligible 
transferee to take over the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the corresponding collateral after 
the insolvency of the Issuer or separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
Upon any such transfer, whether the Covered Bondholders receive all payments to which they are entitled 
under the Covered Bonds, and the value of the Covered Bonds may be affected by the financial standing of 
the transferee of the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
Failure of the Cover Pool to meet the requirements of the ECBA 
The Issuer will be required under the ECBA to comply with certain requirements of the ECBA as long as 
there is any Covered Bond outstanding. Under the ECBA, if the Cover Pool does not fulfil the requirements 
provided for in the ECBA, then the EFSA may (depending on the circumstances and the EFSA's discretion): 
(i) issue a precept requiring the Issuer to add additional Eligible Assets to the Cover Pool; (ii)  determine 
the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer; (iii) submit a bankruptcy petition with respect 
to the Covered Bond Portfolio; and/or (iv) revoke the Issuer's additional authorisation for the issuing of 
Covered Bonds.

--- Page 40 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
The risk of a potential breach of the requirements provided for in the ECBA is further increased by the fact 
that as the ECBA has been adopted relatively recently and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there has 
only been one issuance of covered bonds by an Estonian issuer under the ECBA, practical experience and 
know-how related to covered bond issuances and fulfilment of the obligations of the ECBA is limited. 
To be able to fulfil the requirements of the ECBA continuously, the Issuer has developed a new IT system 
for the management and monitoring of the Covered Bond Portfolio and related aspects (e.g. the fulfilment 
of the insurance requirements prescribed under the ECBA (please see "Eligible cover pool assets" under 
"Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered Bonds" below). A third party has been involved in 
developing the IT system alongside the Issuer's technical team. The system specification has been written 
by the Issuer based on its interpretation of the requirements of the ECBA as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The system has been extensively tested by the Issuer. However, since the IT system is newly 
developed based on the current interpretation of the requirements of the ECBA, there is the risk that the 
system is not fully suitable for the Issuer or that technical issues with the system may occur. The 
materialisation of such risks could affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil the requirements of the ECBA. 
Any of the above risks could result in the holders of Covered Bonds receiving payment according to a 
schedule that is different than that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds (with accelerations as 
well as delays) or that the holders of Covered Bonds are not paid in full, in part, due to the statutory limit 
to the priority of holders of Covered Bonds. 
Ability of Supervisor to declare Covered Bonds due and payable 
If the Covered Bond Portfolio is separated from the Issuer and the Cover Pool administrator appointed for 
the Cover Pool and the Covered Bond Portfolio appears to be insolvent, the Cover Pool administrator is, 
under the ECBA, obliged to notify the EFSA promptly thereof. On the basis of such notification or in case 
the EFSA itself finds that the Covered Bond Portfolio is insolvent, the EFSA may apply to court for the 
initiation of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond Portfolio. Under the Estonian 
Bankruptcy Act (which applies to the bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, with certain 
exceptions provided in the ECBA), as of the declaration of bankruptcy with respect to the Covered Bond 
Portfolio, all the claims of the creditors against the debtor are deemed to have fallen due unless otherwise 
provided by law. Covered Bondholders should be aware therefore that their Covered Bonds may be declared 
forthwith due and payable prior to their Maturity Date. 
Collection of Mortgage Loans and Default by Debtors 
The Mortgage Loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on property located or 
incorporated in Estonia ("Property"). The Issuer will be under an obligation to substitute any assets that 
are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral with eligible assets in accordance with the ECBA. If 
the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to be added to the Cover Pool, the Issuer would breach its statutory 
obligations as stipulated by the provisions of the ECBA. This could lead to the separation of the Covered 
Bond Portfolio and possibly to bankruptcy proceedings being initiated in respect of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio. Under the ECBA, following the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer's assets, 
the Issuer is no longer entitled to enter into any transactions in respect of assets in the Covered Bond 
Portfolio, which would, among other things, restrict the ability of the Issuer to top up the Cover Pool.  
A debtor may default on its obligations under its Mortgage Loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of 
reasons. Defaults under Mortgage Loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental 
yield reduction (in the case of investment Properties). Various factors influence mortgage delinquency 
rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as 
changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, 
changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, 
political developments and government policies. Other factors in debtors' individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of the debtors to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, 
divorce, weakening of financial conditions or results of business operations and other similar factors may 
lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse 
impact on the ability of debtors to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, an individual's obligation to repay 
a Mortgage Loan may in certain circumstances be discharged in part in his/her personal bankruptcy 
proceedings if the value of the collateral does not cover the entire loan and the borrower does not have 
sufficient other assets and earnings to discharge in the relevant procedure. In addition, the ability to sell a

--- Page 41 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
Property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under 
that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that 
Property, the value of that Property and property values in general at the time. Any of the above 
circumstances may affect the level of proceeds available to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders from 
the Cover Pool. 
Value of Security over Property 
The security for a Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool consists of, amongst other things, the Issuer's 
interest in security over a Property. The value of such security and, accordingly, the level of recoveries on 
an enforcement of such security, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value of Property 
and the priority of such security. No assurance can be given that the values of relevant Properties will not 
decline or have not declined since the Mortgage Loan was originated. Although Estonian laws, in 
conjunction with the Estonian mortgage agreements, allow the mortgagee to commence enforcement of the 
mortgage without having to obtain a court ruling for such purpose, it is still possible that depending on the 
circumstances, the enforcement of the security may require obtaining a court decision or may be affected 
by court proceedings initiated by the debtor or the pledgor to delay or restrict the enforcement of the 
security. The ability of the Issuer to enforce a security interest, including disposal of a Property will depend 
on, inter alia: (i) the potential need to obtain a court ruling for the enforcement process and the specifics of 
the relevant court proceedings; (ii) the housing market or commercial property market conditions at the 
relevant time; (iii) the availability of buyers for the relevant Property; and (iv) the results of the specific 
enforcement process. 
Concentration of Location of Properties 
All Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool will be secured on Property. The value of the Cover Pool 
may decline sharply and rapidly in the event of a general downturn in the value of properties in Estonia. 
Any such downturn may hence have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under 
the Covered Bonds and/or the price or value of the Covered Bonds. 
Proceeds available to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders from the Cover Pool may be reduced 
by the payment of mandatory costs, expenses and preferred claims from the proceeds of the Cover 
Pool 
In accordance with the ECBA, after the separation of the Covered Bond portfolio, the Cover Pool and the 
proceeds received from it can be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders of the respective type of 
Covered Bonds and of the counterparties to the Derivative Instrument and to cover the expenses related to 
the management of the Covered Bond portfolio. The expenses related to the management of the Covered 
Bond Portfolio would likely mainly consist of the remuneration of the Cover Pool administrator and the 
expenses he or she incurs in the performance of the duties of the Cover Pool administrator. The 
remuneration of the Cover Pool administrator shall be decided by a court, on the proposal of the EFSA, 
which corresponds to the qualification of the Cover Pool administrator and the scope and complexity of his 
or her assignments. Pursuant to the ECBA in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the yearly 
remuneration of the Cover Pool administrator may not exceed 0.5 per cent. of the value of the cover assets 
included in the Cover Pool. There is no fixed limit on the reimbursement of the Cover Pool administrator's 
expenses but the ECBA provides that the Cover Pool administrator is only entitled to demand 
reimbursement of necessary expenses, on the basis of an application to the EFSA. The EFSA is obliged to 
verify whether the expenses incurred in the performance of the Cover Pool administrator's duties were 
justified and approve the amount of the necessary and justified expenses. 
In the event that the Covered Bond Portfolio is declared bankrupt, the use and distribution of proceeds 
received from the Covered Bond Portfolio shall be carried out in accordance with the Estonian Bankruptcy 
Act, with the following specification provided in the ECBA: 
• 
only the Covered Bondholders, the counterparties to the Derivative Instruments who have a claim 
under section 48 of the Bankruptcy Act, and other persons whose claims may be satisfied at the 
expense of the Cover Pool or proceeds received from it according to law, can be creditors in 
bankruptcy proceedings concerning the Covered Bond Portfolio; and 
• 
claims arising from Derivative Instruments and Covered Bonds shall have the same ranking and 
shall be satisfied before the claims of other creditors.

--- Page 42 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
In accordance with the above, the following payments may be made from the proceeds of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio prior to the satisfaction of the claims arising from Derivative Instruments and Covered Bonds: 
• 
claims arising from the consequences of exclusion or recovery of assets; 
• 
maintenance support paid to the debtor and his or her dependants (which would not be relevant in 
case of a legal entity); 
• 
in bankruptcy proceedings regarding the estate, the expenses paid for the bequeather’s funeral, 
maintenance of his/her family members, administration of the estate and conducting the inventory 
of the obligations related to the estate (which would not be relevant in case of a legal entity); 
• 
consolidated obligations; and 
• 
the costs of the bankruptcy proceedings. 
Consolidated obligations are: (i) obligations arising from transactions and other acts performed by a trustee 
in the performance of his or her duties in the bankruptcy proceedings; (ii) expenses of administration of the 
bankruptcy estate by the trustee during the bankruptcy proceedings regarding the estate; (iii) obligations 
arising from contracts which the debtor has failed to perform, if the trustee has continued performance of 
the obligations or given notification that he or she intends to require performance of the contract; (iv) taxes 
relating to continuation of the business activities of the debtor; (v) obligations to compensate for the damage 
caused during the bankruptcy proceedings by an unlawful action of a debtor who is a legal person; and/or 
(vi) other obligations deemed to be consolidated obligations pursuant to the Estonian Bankruptcy Act. 
In the event that any of the above described costs or expenses arise, such costs and expenses would be 
satisfied before the claims of the Covered Bondholders and the counterparties to the Derivative Instruments, 
meaning that that proceeds receivable by the Covered Bondholders and the counterparties to the Derivative 
Instruments on the account of the Cover Pool may be reduced. 
Estonian Covered Bond Legislation is Untested and May be Modified 
The ECBA was adopted on 13 February 2019 and came into effect on 1 March 2019. The protection 
afforded to the holders of the Covered Bonds by means of a preference on the Cover Pool is based only on 
the ECBA. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no practical experience in relation to the operation 
of the ECBA and its interpretation by Estonian courts. Furthermore, the provisions of the ECBA may be 
modified from time to time after the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds (including, among other reasons, to 
transpose the Covered Bond Directive (Directive (EU) 2019/2162) into Estonian law). 
In mid-September 2020, a draft law introducing various amendments to the ECBA was published by the 
Estonian Ministry of Finance. The main purpose of the draft law is to implement the Covered Bond 
Directive into Estonian law, but also amendments beyond the scope of regulation and harmonisation of the 
Covered Bond Directive are envisaged by the draft law. According to the proposed version of the draft law 
amending the ECBA available as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the most significant amendments to 
be introduced to the ECBA include, among others: 
• 
introduction of the concept of a “covered bond programme”, including the requirement for credit 
institutions aiming to issue covered bonds to obtain separate authorisation from the EFSA to each 
of their covered bond programmes in addition to the general activities licence for issuing covered 
bonds under the ECBA; 
• 
amendments to provisions regulating conditions for extending the maturity of the issuer’s payment 
obligation arising from covered bonds, specifying the terms and conditions whereunder the 
maturity of covered bonds may be extended; 
• 
amendments to and specification of requirements on the calculation of the cover pool, including 
requirements for conducting stress-testing towards the cover pool; 
• 
introduction of additional eligibility criteria for persons that may be appointed to act as external 
cover pool monitor by the issuer of covered bonds;

--- Page 43 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
• 
restrictions to the right of debtors of the issuer to set off their claims against the issuers claims 
which have been included in the cover pool for covered bonds; 
• 
introduction of provisions aimed at the establishment of a pan-Baltic covered bond market, 
including provisions enabling credit institutions to assign the claims thereof to another credit 
institution for the purposes of constituting a cover pool for covered bonds and allowing ring-
fencing of such assigned claims. 
Nevertheless, as the draft law described herein is still at a preparatory stage and no parliamentary legislative 
proceedings have yet been initiated with respect thereto, there can be no assurances as to the final scope 
and substance of amendments that will be made to the ECBA once it is adopted into a law in the 
parliamentary legislative proceedings. 
No Events of Default 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, 
and therefore the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle Covered Bondholders to 
accelerate the Covered Bonds. As such, it is envisaged that Covered Bondholders will only be paid the 
scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds. As an exception to the above, under the ECBA, the claims arising from 
the Covered Bonds would become due and payable upon the declaration of the bankruptcy of the separated 
Covered Bond Portfolio - in such case, the Covered Bonds would become due and payable automatically, 
without entitling the Covered Bondholders to decide whether or not to accelerate the Covered Bonds. The 
absence of any events of default from the Terms and Conditions may make it less likely that the Covered 
Bondholders will recoup their investment in full in the event that the Issuer experiences financial distress. 
Limited Description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans 
and other Eligible Assets covering the Covered Bonds as it is expected that the composition of the portfolio 
of such Mortgage Loans and other Eligible Assets may change from time to time due to, for example, the 
inclusion and removal of Mortgage Loans to the Cover Pool from time to time. The Issuer does, however, 
have an obligation under the ECBA to publish certain prescribed information set out in the ECBA every 
quarter on its website relating to, inter alia, (i) the nominal value and present value of outstanding covered 
bonds and of the cover pool; (ii) the maturity structure of the covered bonds and the cover pool; (iii) the 
percentage of fixed-interest assets in the cover pool and the percentage of fixed-interest covered bonds in 
the liabilities of the covered bond portfolio; (iv) the graduated breakdown of the interest rates on fixed-
interest and non-fixed-interest assets; (v) the percentage of assets denominated in a foreign currency in the 
cover pool and the percentage of covered bonds denominated in a foreign currency in the liabilities of the 
covered bond portfolio; (vi) the geographical distribution of the value of cover assets, at least to the 
accuracy of the country, based on the location of the property standing as security for a mortgage credit or 
commercial mortgage credit, and the location of the debtor or issuer in the case of other cover assets; (vii)  
the distribution of substitute collateral, in terms of its value, between the types specified in subsection 20 
(1) of the ECBA; (viii) the level of the liquidity buffer; and (ix) the percentage of the amount of substitute 
collateral, which has been in default for over 90 days or which the issuer estimates to be doubtful, in the 
cover pool. Furthermore, for mortgage covered bonds (such as the Covered Bonds), the ECBA requires the 
following information to be published on quarterly basis on the website of the issuer: (i) the graduated 
breakdown of the amounts of mortgage credits; and (ii) the percentage of the amount of mortgage credits, 
which have been in default for over 90 days or which the issuer estimates to be doubtful, in the cover pool. 
As the composition of the Cover Pool may change from time to time, there are no assurances that the credit 
quality of the assets in the Cover Pool will remain the same as at the date of this Base Prospectus or on or 
after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. 
Reliance on Derivative Transaction Providers 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more derivative instruments ("Derivative Instruments") 
included in the Cover Pool to hedge against risks relating to Covered Bonds and recorded, in accordance 
with the ECBA, in the cover register maintained by the Issuer.

--- Page 44 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the Mortgage Loans and 
other Eligible Assets from time to time included in the Cover Pool as cover assets for the Covered Bonds 
(which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest 
or interest rate caps or collars) and the interest rate(s) under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may from time 
to time enter into one or more interest rate derivative transactions, and to provide a hedge against possible 
variances in the currency in which payments will be made to the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Loans 
and other assets from time to time held by the Issuer as collateral for the Covered Bonds and the currencies 
in which the Issuer will be required to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may 
from time to time enter into currency swap transactions. If the Issuer enters into a relevant derivative 
transaction at the time of an issuance of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall disclose in the Final Terms the 
nature of the hedge (for example, an interest rate swap transaction or a currency swap transaction) and the 
identity of the derivative transaction counterparty. 
If the Issuer does not enter into any relevant derivative transaction or any derivative transaction counterparty 
defaults on its obligations to make payments in the relevant currency and/or at the relevant rate of interest 
under the relevant derivative transaction, the Issuer and the Covered Bond Portfolio will be exposed to 
changes in the relevant rates of interest and/or the relevant currency exchange rates. Unless one or more 
new or replacement Derivative Instruments are entered into, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to 
make payments under all Covered Bonds then outstanding and the Covered Bond Portfolio may not be 
sufficient to satisfy all the claims of the Covered Bondholders. 
The value of the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by a negative change to an applicable 
Credit Rating 
Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Covered 
Bonds. 
Risks relating to the ratings of the Covered Bonds 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme by one or more independent 
credit rating agencies express a relative ranking of creditworthiness.  
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. A rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of a 
rating agency if the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time. A rating may not reflect the potential impact of all of the risks related 
to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Covered Bonds. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes in the if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA or 
the FCA on their respective websites in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation (as the case may be) is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA or FCA list. 
Covered Bondholders should note that at any time a rating agency may revise its relevant rating 
methodology or revise its current ratings criteria with result that, among other things, any rating assigned

--- Page 45 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
to the Covered Bonds may be lowered and/or in order to comply with any such revised criteria or rating 
methodology, amendments may be made to the transaction documents. 
Any changes to the methodology applied for rating covered bonds or the expectations a rating agency with 
regards to the nature of counterparty contracts and ratings of Cover Pool counterparties might lead to a 
downgrade of the Covered Bonds or re-affirmation of the Covered Bond rating and might require that 
certain amendments are made to the transaction documents to be able to satisfy the revised criteria. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will not be obliged, following a change in rating methodology by a 
rating agency to amend any of the Conditions of a relevant Series to maintain the then ratings of the Covered 
Bonds. 
The Issuer may make modifications to the Conditions without the Covered Bondholders' prior 
consent 
The Conditions and the Agency Agreement contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered 
Bondholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in 
writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Covered Bondholders including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including 
those Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that the Covered Bonds, the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Covered 
Bondholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or to comply with any amendments, updates 
and/or modifications to the ECBA or any other applicable legislation passed after the date hereof by or on 
behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to make such amendment, update and/or modification, which impacts the Issuer's obligations 
in relation to the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Portfolio. The Issuer cannot foresee, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, what such changes may entail, however, any changes made will be binding on 
Covered Bondholders. 
The Issuer may also agree with the Fiscal Agent and without the consent or sanction of any of the holders 
of any Series of Covered Bonds and/or the Couponholders to: 
(a) 
any modification (except for any modification that relates to a Reserved Matter) of the Covered 
Bonds, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, not prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or to comply with Mandatory Provisions of Law.  
The parties to the Agency Agreement are also required to, without the consent or sanction of any of the 
holders of any Series of Covered Bonds and/or the Couponholders, concur with the Issuer in making any 
modifications to the transaction documents and/or the Conditions that are requested by the Issuer to comply 
with any criteria of the rating agencies which may be published after the date of this Base Prospectus and 
which the Issuer certifies in writing are required to avoid a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the 
then current ratings assigned by a rating agency to any Series of Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement are required to, and Issuer may also agree to EMIR Related 
Modifications (as defined below), without the consent of the holders of Covered Bonds or couponholders 
of any Series subject to the Issuer certifying that the requested modifications of the terms and conditions 
applying to Covered Bonds of any one or more Series (including the Conditions), and/or Coupons and/or 
any relevant Conditions are to be made solely for the purpose of enabling the Issuer to comply with any 
requirements which apply to it under Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (the "European Market Infrastructure 
Regulation" or "EMIR") ("EMIR Related Modifications") and such EMIR Related Modifications do not 
relate to a Reserved Matter. 
The Issuer may also amend, by a notice to, but without requiring the consent of, the Covered Bondholders, 
the circumstances in which automatic extension of the maturity date of the Covered Bonds can apply if it

--- Page 46 ---
- 37 -
determines that such circumstances qualify as permitted conditions for automatic extension of maturity 
under the ECBA (as in force at the relevant time) See "Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds" below for 
more details.  In this respect, it should be noted that the draft law published in late 2020 (as described further 
under “Estonian Covered Bond Legislation is Untested and May be Modified”) is envisaged to introduce 
several changes to the regulation of extension of maturity of covered bonds, however, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the proceedings concerning the relevant draft law are still at an early stage and the final 
amendments to be made thereby remain uncertain. 
Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds 
If "Extended Maturity Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an insolvency, 
winding-up or similar event (as more fully described in Condition 9(i)(ii)(B)) has occurred in respect of the 
Issuer and, as a result of such an event the Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at 
their Final Redemption Amount or within three Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the outstanding 
principal amount of such Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date will be automatically extended to the 
Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 9(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Extension of 
maturity to Extended Maturity Date) and notification of such shall be delivered to the relevant Covered 
Bondholders and to the Paying Agents. In the event of such extension, the Issuer shall redeem the 
outstanding principal amount of such Covered Bonds at their Final Redemption Amount on the Extended 
Maturity Date. In addition, all or any part of the outstanding principal amount of such Covered Bonds may 
be redeemed on any extended Interest Payment Date, occurring during the period up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date. The extension of the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate 
payments on such Covered Bonds and no payment will be payable to the Covered Bondholders in that event 
other than as set out in the Conditions.   
If repayment of a particular Series of Covered Bonds is extended to its Extended Maturity Date, then it is 
possible that other Series of Covered Bonds where Extended Maturity Date is specified as being not 
applicable might be fully or partially paid before such Series of Covered Bonds that have an Extended 
Maturity Date. 
Furthermore, pursuant to Condition 9(i)(i), the Issuer may amend, by a notice to the Covered Bondholders, 
the circumstances in which such automatic extension can apply if it determines that such circumstances 
qualify as permitted conditions for automatic extension of maturity under the ECBA (as in force at the 
relevant time). By virtue of this Condition the Issuer is entitled to unilaterally specify other circumstances 
that are not known at the date of this Base Prospectus in which the maturity of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds will be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with Condition 9(i) (Redemption and Purchase – Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date), 
provided that the addition of such other circumstances are permitted by the ECBA as then in force. The 
draft law that has been introduced to amend the ECBA (as described further under “Estonian Covered Bond 
Legislation is Untested and May be Modified”), as available on the date of this Base Prospectus, is 
envisaged to supplement the regulation of the ECBA relating to circumstances qualifying as permitted 
grounds for extension of maturity, which may potentially grant the Issuer the right to unilaterally specify 
additional circumstances whereupon the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bonds 
will be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date. 
Under Estonian law, after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer's assets which may 
arise due to, amongst other things, a declaration of bankruptcy or a moratorium in respect of the Issuer; 
commencement of crisis resolution proceedings in respect of the Issuer; the passing of a court ruling 
providing for compulsory dissolution of the Issuer; or where the EFSA resolves that the Covered Bond 
Portfolio should be separated from the Issuer's assets on the grounds that the Issuer is likely to become 
insolvent in the near future, the Issuer will then not be permitted to make any transactions with the assets 
in the Covered Bond Portfolio. As such, unlike the period prior to occurrence of such events (see further – 
Risk Factors - Risks associated with the legal and regulatory environment - Limited Description of the 
Cover Pool) the Covered Bond Portfolio will not be dynamic and, as such, no enhancement of the credit 
quality of the assets in the Cover Pool can be expected.

--- Page 47 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where indicated, 
direct translations into English from the original languages of the documents. To the extent that there are 
any inconsistencies between the original language versions and the translations, the original language 
versions shall prevail. The information set out shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
AS LHV Pank 2019: the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report 
thereon and notes thereto) of AS LHV Pank in respect of the year ended 2019 prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
("IFRS") (set out on pages 15 to 112 of the 2019 annual report of AS LHV Pank); 
2. 
AS LHV Group 2019: the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report 
thereon and notes thereto) of the LHV Group in respect of the year ended 2019 prepared in 
accordance with IFRS (set out on pages 50 to 152 of the 2019 annual report of AS LHV Group);  
3. 
AS LHV Pank 2020: the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report 
thereon and notes thereto) of AS LHV Pank in respect of the year ended 2020 prepared in 
accordance with IFRS) (set out on pages 35 to 128 of the 2020 annual report of AS LHV Pank); 
4. 
AS LHV Group 2020: the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report 
thereon and notes thereto) of the LHV Group in respect of the year ended 2020 prepared in 
accordance with IFRS (set out on pages 62 to 161 of the 2020 annual report of AS LHV Group);  
5. 
AS LHV Pank Q1 2021: the condensed consolidated interim financial statements of AS LHV Pank 
and related notes as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 (set out on pages 8 to 20 of 
the interim report January – March 2021 of AS LHV Pank);  
6. 
AS LHV Group Q1 2021: the condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the LHV 
Group and related notes as of and for the three months ended 31 March 2021 (set out on pages 18 
to 36 of the interim report January – March 2021 of AS LHV Group; and 
7. 
The terms and conditions set out in pages 45 to 73 of the base prospectus dated 19 May 2020. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at Tartu mnt 2, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia. 
They are also available on the LHV Group's website: https://investor.lhv.ee/en/  
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  References in the auditor's reports to "other 
information" are references to other information in the respective annual reports. Such other information is 
not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 48 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the 
Covered Bonds and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different 
types of Covered Bonds which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base 
Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Covered Bonds which is 
not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Any information relating to the Covered Bonds which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Covered Bonds will be 
contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds which 
is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent 
described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Covered Bonds or (2) by a registration document (the 
"Registration Document") containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Covered Bonds and, if necessary, a summary 
note. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or 
contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 49 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Bearer Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds in bearer form ("Bearer Covered Bonds") will initially be in the form of 
either a Temporary Global Covered Bond in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Covered Bond"), 
without interest coupons, or a Permanent Global Covered Bond in bearer form (the "Permanent Global 
Covered Bond"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Temporary Global Covered Bond or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Covered Bond (each a "Global 
Covered Bond") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Covered Bond which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Covered Bonds in NGN form are in compliance with the 
"Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the 
same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Covered Bonds in NGN form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Covered Bonds 
or, if the Covered Bonds do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Permanent Global Covered Bond 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Temporary Global Covered 
Bond exchangeable for a Permanent Global Covered Bond", then the Covered Bonds will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for 
interests in a Permanent Global Covered Bond, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Covered Bond unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond to the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond or (in the case of 
any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered Bond in 
accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Global Covered Bond shall be equal 
to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond exceed the initial principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond.

--- Page 50 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond for 
an interest in a Permanent Global Covered Bond; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable 
extended maturity date) and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Covered Bond on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Temporary Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Covered 
Bond) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Covered Bond will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the 
request of the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond, for Bearer Covered Bonds in definitive form 
("Definitive Covered Bonds"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond", then if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond to the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Covered Bonds have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Covered Bond for Definitive 
Covered Bonds; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond was originally issued in exchange for part only of a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond representing the Covered Bonds and such Temporary Global 
Covered Bond becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Permanent Global Covered Bond has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in 
accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Covered Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Covered Bonds) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Covered Bond becomes void (in the case of

--- Page 51 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
(b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Temporary Global Covered 
Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are 
applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Covered 
Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable, in 
whole but not in part, for Definitive Covered Bonds not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Temporary Global Covered 
Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable, then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Covered Bonds not earlier than 40 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, 
duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in 
an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Covered Bond to the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Covered Bonds have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Covered Bond for Definitive 
Covered Bonds; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable 
extended maturity date) and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Covered Bonds) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Permanent Global Covered 
Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds", then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form 
of a Permanent Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond", then if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant

--- Page 52 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond to the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Covered Bonds have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Covered Bond for Definitive 
Covered Bonds; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Permanent Global Covered Bond has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable 
extended maturity date) and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Covered Bonds) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond will 
have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Covered 
Bond or a Permanent Global Covered Bond which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all 
those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond or Permanent Global Covered Bond became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Covered 
Bonds in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds they were shown 
as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Covered Bonds 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Covered Bond will be endorsed on that Covered 
Bond and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Covered Bond in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Covered Bond were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Covered Bonds while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Covered 
Bonds in global form, the Covered Bonds in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code."

--- Page 53 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
Registered Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Registered Covered Bonds will be in the form of either individual Covered Bond 
Certificates in registered form ("Individual Covered Bond Certificates") or a Global Covered Bond in 
registered form (a "Global Registered Covered Bond"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Each Global Registered Covered Bond will either be: (a) in the case of a Covered Bond which is not to be 
held under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name 
of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Covered Bond will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in 
the case of a Covered Bond to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of 
a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Covered Bond will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Covered Bond Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates", then the Covered Bonds will at all times be in the form of Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates issued to each Covered Bondholder in respect of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Global Registered Covered 
Bond exchangeable for Individual Covered Bond Certificates", then the Covered Bonds will initially 
be in the form of a Global Registered Covered Bond which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, 
for Individual Covered Bond Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Covered Bond ", then if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business. 
Whenever the Global Registered Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that Individual Covered Bond Certificates will be issued in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Registered Covered Bond within 
five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global Registered Covered 
Bond to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Covered 
Bond Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names 
the Individual Covered Bond Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's 
holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Covered Bond at the specified office of the 
Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Covered Bonds scheduled thereto and, in particular, 
shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Covered Bond Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Covered Bond; or 
(b) 
any of the Covered Bonds represented by a Global Registered Covered Bond (or any part of it) has 
become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or 
the date for final redemption of the Covered Bonds has occurred (taking into consideration any

--- Page 54 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
applicable extended maturity date) and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal 
falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global 
Registered Covered Bond in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Covered Bond on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) 
or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global 
Registered Covered Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which 
the holder of the Global Registered Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant. Under 
the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Covered Bond will 
acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Global Registered Covered Bond became void, they had been the holders of Individual Covered 
Bond Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Covered Bonds 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Covered Bond Certificate will be endorsed on that 
Individual Covered Bond Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete 
those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Covered Bond will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Covered Bond were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Covered Bonds while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 55 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on or incorporated by reference in each Global Covered Bond or Covered Bond in definitive 
form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Covered Bond in global 
form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Covered Bond were it in definitive 
form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Covered Bonds while in Global 
Form" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: AS LHV Pank (the "Issuer") has established a Covered Bond Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of covered bonds (the "Covered Bonds"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
"Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of 
Covered Bonds. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which 
completes these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Covered Bonds are the subject of an issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 19 May 2020 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds), 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression 
includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Covered Bonds), the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds) and the transfer agents 
named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Covered Bonds). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are 
to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any 
one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Covered 
Bonds"), or in registered form ("Registered Covered Bonds"). Registered Covered 
Bonds are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 19 May 2020 (the "Deed of Covenant") 
entered into by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Covered Bonds: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Covered Bonds" 
are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the 
relevant Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be obtained from AS LHV 
Pank, at Tartu mnt 2, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Covered 
Bondholders and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" 
and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies 
of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection or 
collection by Covered Bondholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices 
of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below or (ii) may 
be provided by email to a Covered Bondholder following their prior written request to any 
Agent or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory 
to the relevant Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be.  If the Covered Bonds are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final terms 
will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).

--- Page 56 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s) " means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to 
the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention;

--- Page 57 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently NASDAQ Copenhagen) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of 
designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of 
historic CIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Covered Bondholder", in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, has the meaning given in 
Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Covered Bonds) 
and, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) 
(Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered Covered Bonds); 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Covered Bond, a coupon sheet relating to the 
Covered Bond; 
"Credit Institutions Act" means the Estonian Credit Institutions Act; 
"CRR" means Regulation 575/2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA) " is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA) " is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed) " is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365;

--- Page 58 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
if "30E/360 (ISDA) " is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360

--- Page 59 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax) " means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"ECBA" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds) 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other 
person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, 
in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic 
EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Extended Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Covered Bond and an Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Covered Bond for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such 
other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 60 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and 
updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and 
updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. including, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
ISDA Benchmark Supplement; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mandatory Provisions of Law" means any amendments, updates and/or modifications 
to the ECBA or any other applicable legislation passed after the date hereof by or on behalf 
of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to make such amendment, update and/or modification, which 
impacts the Issuer's obligations in relation to the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond 
Portfolio; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mortgage Loan" means a loan or a credit issued to a natural person and secured by a 
mortgage or mortgages over residential property, in the meaning of Article 4 (1) (75) of 
the CRR, located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which 
comply with the conditions provided for in the ECBA; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Global Rate Set Systems) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the Norwegian association for banks, insurance 
companies and financial institutions, Finance Norway – FNO based on estimated 
interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for a number of designated maturities 
which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR rates can 
be obtained from the designated distributor);

--- Page 61 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call) " means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) or such other amount 
in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is 
most closely connected with the Reference Rate;  
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 62 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
"Register" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means 
of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the 
first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has 
not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been 
so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated 
by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds, to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
payable on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds, to alter the method of calculating 
the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds or the date for any such 
payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Covered Bonds or to change 
the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation No. 806/2014, as the same may be amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently the Swedish Financial Benchmark

--- Page 63 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
Facility) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor 
banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, 
any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; and 
"Zero Coupon Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as Zero Coupon in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Covered Bonds are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, references to Coupons 
and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Covered Bonds at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to 
include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Covered Bonds at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and 
any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Covered Bonds being "outstanding" shall be construed in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to 
and including the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer

--- Page 64 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
(a) 
Bearer Covered Bonds: Bearer Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s) with 
Coupons and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. 
In the case of a Series of Bearer Covered Bonds with more than one Specified 
Denomination, Bearer Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Covered Bonds: Title to Bearer Covered Bonds and the Coupons will pass 
by delivery. In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, "Holder" means the holder of such 
Bearer Covered Bond and "Covered Bondholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly.  
(c) 
Registered Covered Bonds: Registered Covered Bonds are in the Specified 
Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Covered Bonds: The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Covered Bond 
Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of Registered Covered Bonds in respect of its 
registered holding. Each Covered Bond Certificate will be numbered serially with an 
identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered 
Covered Bonds, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Covered Bond 
is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first 
named thereof) and "Covered Bondholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Covered Bond or Coupon shall (except as otherwise 
required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any 
writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, on the Covered Bond 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Covered Bond 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and 
(j) (Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Covered Bond 
may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Covered Bond Certificate, with the 
endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority 
of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a 
Registered Covered Bond may not be transferred unless the principal amount of 
Registered Covered Bonds transferred and (where not all of the Registered Covered Bonds 
held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Covered Bonds not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered 
Covered Bonds represented by the surrendered Covered Bond Certificate are the subject 
of the transfer, a new Covered Bond Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Covered Bonds will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Covered Bond Certificates: Within five business days of the 
surrender of a Covered Bond Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of 
Registered Covered Bonds) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and 
deliver a new Covered Bond Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered 
Covered Bonds transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case 
may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such 
relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified 
for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer 
Agent has its Specified Office.

--- Page 65 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Covered Bond will be effected without charge by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity 
as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any 
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Covered Bondholders may not require transfers to be registered during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Registered Covered Bonds. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Covered 
Bonds and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the 
transfer of Registered Covered Bonds scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. 
A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Covered Bondholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. The Covered Bonds are obligations issued in accordance with 
the Estonian Covered Bond Act, "ECBA" and rank pari passu among themselves and with 
Derivative Instruments entered in the cover register and included in the Cover Pool (as defined 
below) in accordance with the ECBA.  The Covered Bonds will be covered by a cover pool which 
comprises the claims of the Issuer arising from Mortgage Loans and certain other types of assets 
which qualify as substitute cover assets under the ECBA (together the "Eligible Assets") and are 
registered in the cover register maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the ECBA (the "Cover 
Pool").  On declaration of the Issuer's bankruptcy and in certain other events stipulated in the 
ECBA, the Covered Bonds, together with the Cover Pool (including the Derivative Instruments) 
(together, the "Covered Bond  Portfolio") will be separated from other assets and liabilities of the 
Issuer and form an independent pool of designated assets to be managed in accordance with the 
ECBA and to be used solely to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of the counterparties 
to the Derivative Instrument and to cover the expenses related to the management of the Covered 
Bond Portfolio.  
Pursuant to the ECBA, the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio will not affect the liability of 
the Issuer for the claims arising from the Covered Bonds. If the Covered Bond Portfolio becomes 
insolvent, to the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in relation to the Covered Bonds 
are not satisfied in the course of the bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the 
residual claims of the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application.  
The rights of Covered Bondholders shall be subject to any present or future Estonian laws or 
regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms in Estonia which are or will be applicable to the Covered Bonds only as a result of the 
operation of such laws or regulations. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4: 
"Derivative Instruments" means derivative instruments included in the Cover Pool to hedge 
against risks relating to Covered Bonds and recorded, in accordance with the ECBA, in the cover 
register maintained by the Issuer. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions) is applicable to the 
Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 66 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 8 (Extended Maturity Date) and Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer 
Covered Bonds). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day 
have been paid and (ii)  the day which is five days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up 
to such fifth day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond 
for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered 
Bonds are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Covered Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions) is applicable to 
the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, save that Condition 8 (Extended Maturity Date) 
is always applicable where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (notwithstanding that Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) may be applicable 
to the Covered Bonds in the period prior to the extension of the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 9(i) (Extension of Maturity to Extended Maturity Date). 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 8 (Extended Maturity Date) and Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer 
Covered Bonds). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where:

--- Page 67 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period;  
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if 
the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic 
mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 68 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Issuer shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and any stock exchange by which the Covered Bonds 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after 
such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and 
any other competent authority and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered 
Bonds have then been admitted to trading and/or quotation at such time. The Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount 
but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect 
of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on

--- Page 69 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6, if 
the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference Rate (as 
applicable), then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser and 
shall, to the extent practicable, consult with such Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Issuer, (in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread  no later than three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the 
next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for 
all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
6(i)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and, to the 
extent practicable, in consultation, with the Calculation Agent ) may determine a 
Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 6(i)); provided, however, that if this sub-
paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph (ii), the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Covered 
Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance 
with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
shall be the Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 6(i)); 
(iv) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(i)(i) above, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread which may be expressed as a specified quantum, 
or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and which Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of the Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component(s) 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable; 
(v) 
if the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, 
in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) may also, following

--- Page 70 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify 
changes to the Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Relevant Screen Page, and/or 
the definition of Reference Rate or the Adjustment Spread applicable to the 
Covered Bonds (and, in each case, related provisions and definitions), and the 
method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Covered Bonds, in order 
to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Covered Bonds 
for all future Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 6(i)). An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 6(i) shall (in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence and wilful 
misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or Covered Bondholder for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
6(i). No Covered Bondholder consent shall be required in connection with 
effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, 
in each case, the Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer or Fiscal 
Agent (if required); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any 
changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) above to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent and the Covered Bondholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(i): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable)and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such formal recommendation has 
been made as described in clause (i) above, or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate, the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion 
determines to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen 
page or source, if available) that the Issuer determines has replaced the relevant Reference 
Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency or, if the Issuer determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer in its discretion (in consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
in its discretion determines is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or

--- Page 71 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(i) above; or 
(iii) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been 
or will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i) above; or 
(iv) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i) above; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Covered Bondholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
if applicable); 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in 
the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any 
Interest Periods(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such 
originally-specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution for the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or (e) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, 
if available) that the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is a successor to, or 
replacement of, the relevant Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not

--- Page 72 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
such Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
7. 
 Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions) is applicable to 
the Covered Bonds only if the Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (A) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (B) the day 
which is five days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such fifth 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms and the maturity of the 
Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 9(i)  
(Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) then: 
(a) 
such Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on 
which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full and the Extended Maturity Date. Interest 
shall be payable on such Covered Bonds at the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms 
on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the interest period beginning on (and 
including) the Maturity Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
after the Maturity Date and each subsequent interest period beginning on (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. 
The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 8(a) will be as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such interest period and 
thereafter as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to (and including) the Maturity Date, for the 
purposes of this Condition 8 the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer 
in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, 
subject (i) as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Covered Bonds) and (ii) 
Condition 9(i) (Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part:

--- Page 73 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions are not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders, or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms, (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued 
(if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if:  
(A) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Estonia or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or 
such other period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were 
then due; or 
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an Interest 
Payment Date, 60 days (or such other period as may be specified in the 
relevant final terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred; and (B) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with this 
Condition 9(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Covered Bondholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final 
terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered 
Bonds or, as the case may be, the Covered Bonds specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call).

--- Page 74 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of 
Bearer Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed shall be selected by the 
drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal 
Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice 
to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Covered Bonds so to be redeemed, and, in 
the case of Registered Covered Bonds, each Covered Bond shall be redeemed in part in 
the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds to 
be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Covered Bonds on such date. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds 
otherwise than as provided in paragraphs (a) to (d) above. 
(f) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum 
of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered 
Bond becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Condition 9(f) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(g) 
Purchase: The Issuer, or any of its Subsidiaries, may purchase Covered Bonds in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, the 
Registrar for cancellation. 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds that are redeemed and surrendered for cancellation by 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (along with any unmatured Coupons attached to or 
surrendered with them) shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(i) 
Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date:  
(i) 
If: 
(A) 
an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable; and 
(B) 
any of the following events has occurred: 
(1) 
the Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they 
fall due;

--- Page 75 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
(2) 
an administrator or liquidator is appointed in respect of the 
Issuer or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets 
and revenues of the Issuer; 
(3) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt or a moratorium is declared in 
respect of the Issuer; 
(4) 
an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the 
involuntary or compulsory winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer; 
(5) 
crisis resolution proceedings are commenced with respect to the 
Issuer; or 
(6) 
the EFSA resolves the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
from the Issuer on the ground that the Issuer is likely to become 
insolvent in the near future, and 
 
(C) 
as a result of such an event the Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full 
on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount or within three 
Business Days thereafter, then the maturity of the Covered Bonds and 
the date on which the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the 
purposes of these Conditions will be automatically extended to the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
The Issuer may impose restrictions (which restrictions shall be effective 
upon notice being given to the Covered Bondholders as described below) 
on the circumstances in which such automatic extension can apply if it 
determines that such restrictions are required to ensure that the relevant 
Covered Bonds remain compliant with the ECBA. If the Issuer imposes 
restrictions on the circumstances in which such automatic extension can 
apply as described above, the Issuer shall give notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Covered Bondholders (in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents as soon as reasonably 
practicable and, in any event, at least five Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
In addition, the Issuer may amend (which amendments shall be effective 
upon notice being given to the Covered Bondholders as described below) 
the circumstances in which such automatic extension can apply if it 
determines that such circumstances qualify as permitted conditions for 
automatic extension of maturity under the ECBA (as in force at the 
relevant time). If the Issuer amends the circumstances in which such 
automatic extension can apply as described above, the Issuer shall give 
notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Covered Bondholders 
(in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents as 
soon as reasonably practicable. 
In the event the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended, the Issuer 
shall redeem the outstanding principal amount of such Covered Bonds at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the Extended Maturity Date. The 
Issuer shall give notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) and the Paying Agents as soon as reasonably 
practicable stating the basis on which an event under sub-paragraph (B) 
above has occurred, and confirming that the Maturity Date has been 
extended to the Extended Maturity Date (subject to the expiry of the three 
Business Day period mentioned above). In addition, all or any part of the 
principal amount outstanding of such Covered Bonds may be redeemed 
on an Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date to and

--- Page 76 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
including the Extended Maturity Date. In such a scenario, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents stating its intention to redeem all or 
any of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds at least 
five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as 
applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to 
notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any 
redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as 
applicable, the Extended Maturity Date, or give rise to rights to any such 
person. 
(ii) 
In the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond to (and including) the Maturity Date 
to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, for the purposes of this Condition 9(i), the principal amount 
outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in 
accordance with these Conditions. 
(iii) 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 9(i) 
shall be irrevocable. Where this Condition 9(i) applies, any failure to redeem the 
relevant Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of 
such Covered Bonds under this Condition 9(i), shall not constitute a default, an 
event of default or acceleration of payment or other similar condition or event 
(however described) for any purpose or give any Covered Bondholder any right 
to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the Covered Bonds 
other than as expressly set out in these Conditions. 
(iv) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 9(i), rates of interest, interest periods and interest payment dates on 
such Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms and Condition 8 (Extended Maturity Date). 
(v) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date, the 
redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across such Covered Bonds and the 
principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level 
of that redemption. 
(vi) 
If the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended to the Extended Maturity Date 
in accordance with this Condition 9(i) for so long as any of those Covered Bonds 
remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Series of Covered 
Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Series of Covered Bonds are 
applied by the Issuer on issue to redeem in whole or in part the relevant Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
10. 
Payments - Bearer Covered Bonds 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Covered Bonds. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Covered Bonds at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which 
the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if 
that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the 
manner described in paragraph (a) above.

--- Page 77 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying 
Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Covered Bonds in 
the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of 
such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable 
United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are 
subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders 
in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Covered Bond is presented 
without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the 
amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of 
the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, 
the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate 
Covered Bond Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any 
Covered Bond or early redemption in whole of such Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 
9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the

--- Page 78 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
Issuer), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall 
become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of 
presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due 
until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to 
any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer 
Covered Bonds at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or 
in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer 
Covered Bond or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse 
thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Covered Bonds, the 
Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but 
excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to 
Condition 14 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Covered 
Bond, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Covered Bond shall become void and no 
Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Covered Bonds 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Covered Bonds. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which 
the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Covered 
Bond to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the 
due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, 
if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) 
and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Covered Bond Certificates at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Covered Bond 
to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due 
date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if 
that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in 
the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and 
(in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Covered Bond Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds 
are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No

--- Page 79 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Covered Bondholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business 
Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where 
payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments 
of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment 
and the day on which the relevant Covered Bond Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case 
of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the 
case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. 
A Holder of a Registered Covered Bond shall not be entitled to any interest or other 
payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment 
not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this 
Condition 11 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered 
Covered Bond, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted 
on the Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Covered Bond 
Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is 
endorsed on the relevant Covered Bond Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Covered Bond will be made to the 
person shown as the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the 
Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the 
"Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered Covered Bond is to be made 
by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in 
the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any 
Covered Bond or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bond or Coupon by reason 
of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, 
assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
other than the mere holding of the Covered Bond or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Covered Bond or Coupon or Covered Bond Certificate is 
presented or surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the Holder of such Covered Bond or Coupon would have 
been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Covered Bond or Coupon or Covered Bond Certificate for payment on the last 
day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Estonia, references in these Conditions to the Republic of 
Estonia shall be construed as references to the Republic of Estonia and/or such other 
jurisdiction.

--- Page 80 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
13. 
Undertaking of the Issuer 
On declaration of the Issuer's bankruptcy and in certain other events stipulated in the ECBA, the 
Covered Bond Portfolio will be separated from other assets and liabilities of the Issuer and form 
an independent pool of designated assets to be managed in accordance with the ECBA and to be 
used solely to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of the counterparties to the Derivative 
Instrument and to cover the expenses related to the management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. In 
such a scenario, the Issuer undertakes to fully co-operate with the Cover Pool administrator or the 
bankruptcy administrator appointed with respect to the insolvent Covered Bond Portfolio 
("Relevant Authority") to facilitate such Relevant Authority's ability to carry out its rights and 
obligations under the ECBA. 
14. 
Prescription 
The Covered Bonds and (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) the Coupons will become void 
unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds and Coupons 
If any Covered Bond, Covered Bond Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer 
Covered Bonds, or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds (and, if the Covered 
Bonds are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject 
to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Covered Bond Certificates or Coupons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Covered Bondholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders

--- Page 81 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Covered Bondholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in 
writing by Covered Bondholders holding not less than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Covered Bonds.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is two or more persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
two or more persons holding or representing Covered Bonds whatever the aggregate principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes a Reserved Matter, the quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing 
at least three-quarters of the aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons holding or representing at least one-
quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding. 
The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of note less than three-quarters 
of the votes cast on such resolution; or (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than three-quarters in aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bonds for the 
time being outstanding.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Covered Bondholders will be 
binding on all Covered Bondholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether 
or not they voted on the resolution and on all Couponholders.  
(b) 
Modification of Covered Bonds 
In addition to the modification provisions set out in Condition 9(i) (Extension of maturity to 
Extended Maturity Date) and Condition 6(i)(Benchmark Replacement), the Issuer may without the 
consent of any of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders of any Series at any time: 
(i) 
agree with the Fiscal Agent: 
(A) 
any modification (except for any modification that relates to a Reserved 
Matter) of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, not prejudicial 
to the interests of the Covered Bondholders; or 
(B) 
any modification of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons, the Deed of 
Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error or to comply with Mandatory Provisions of Law; or 
(ii) 
make any modifications to the Conditions (in relation to the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds) that are necessary (as determined by the Issuer acting reasonably) 
to comply with any criteria of the rating agencies which may be published after 
the Issue Date and which the Issuer certifies in writing (to the Agent and to the 
holders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) are required to avoid a 
downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned by a 
rating agency to such Series of the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
make EMIR Related Modifications (as defined below), and which the Issuer 
certifies (to the Agent and to the holders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) 
are to be made solely for the purpose of enabling the Issuer to comply with any 
requirements which apply to it under Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (the "European 
Market 
Infrastructure 
Regulation" 
or 
"EMIR") 
("EMIR 
Related 
Modifications") and such EMIR Related Modifications do not relate to a 
Reserved Matter. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders and the 
Couponholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 82 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
(c) 
Limitations on Modification of Covered Bonds: Any modification or waiver of these 
Conditions which affects Covered Bonds may not be effected to the extent such 
modification would contradict mandatory provisions of the ECBA. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further covered bonds having the same terms and conditions as 
the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as 
to form a single series with the Covered Bonds. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Covered Bonds: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Covered Bonds shall be valid if 
published by the Issuer in a leading English language daily newspaper published in 
London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication 
(or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders 
of Bearer Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Registered Covered Bonds: Notices to the Holders of Registered Covered Bonds shall be 
sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by 
airmail at their respective addresses on the Register or, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the 
date of mailing. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first 
currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into 
another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof 
against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing 
any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall indemnify 
each Covered Bondholder, on the written demand of such Covered Bondholder addressed to the 
Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to 
convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or 
rates of exchange at which such Covered Bondholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, 
in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards.

--- Page 83 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Covered Bonds are governed by English law, except for: 
(i) 
Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds); 
(ii) 
the provisions relating to coverage and registration of the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, and 
(iii) 
other provisions relating to the Covered Bonds, where provisions of Estonian laws 
mandatorily apply to covered bonds issued by an issuer incorporated in Estonia, 
which shall be governed by Estonian law.  
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds (including any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Covered Bondholders to take proceedings outside England: 
Notwithstanding Condition 22(b) (English courts), any Covered Bondholder may take 
proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. 
To the extent allowed by law, Covered Bondholders may take concurrent Proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and 
any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served 
on it by being delivered to AS LHV Pank, London Branch at its office at 1 Old Street Yard, 
London, EC1Y 8AF, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales and/or 
at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing 
to the Covered Bondholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Covered Bondholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 84 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO BELGIAN CONSUMERS - The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered sold or resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer (consumment/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht / Code de droit économique), as 
amended from time to time.]1 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered 
Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
                                                          
1  
Include where "Prohibition of sales to Belgian consumers" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms.

--- Page 85 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
AS LHV PANK 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
EUR 1,000,000,000 
Covered Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2021 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered 
Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus.]2] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2020 which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]3 and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2021 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in 
the base prospectus dated [original date] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [is] [are] available 
for viewing on the website of The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") (https://live.euronext.com/) and is also available at the LHV Group's website 
https://investor.lhv.ee/en/. Copies may also be obtained from the registered office of AS LHV Pank. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Covered Bonds described herein.]4 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Covered Bond that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
AS LHV Pank 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
                                                          
2 
Delete where the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
3  Delete where the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
4 
Delete unless the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 86 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
 
[(iii) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Covered Bonds become 
fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Covered 
Bonds 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be interchangeable 
for trading purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Covered Bond for 
interests in the Permanent Global Covered Bond, as 
referred to in paragraph 24 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount plus 
accrued interest from [•] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[•]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date:]  
 
 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] [+/–] [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph 14/15/16/17 below) 
 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date (if 
applicable): 
 
 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] [+/–] [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
(see paragraph 18/19/20 below)

--- Page 87 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14, 15, 18 and 19 below and 
identify there]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
(See paragraphs 20/21 below) 
13. 
Date Board approval for issuance 
of Covered Bonds obtained: 
[[•] and [•], respectively]/[Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
The Initial Rate of Interest is [•] per cent. per annum 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]  
For Covered Bonds where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification: The amount of interest payable for 
any Interest Period is to be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5(e) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling in/on [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual]/[Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the amount 
of interest payable for 
any 
interest 
period 
following 
any 
Rate 
Adjustment: 
[The Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation Agent. 
15. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•]

--- Page 88 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Fiscal Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum

--- Page 89 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
/ 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xv) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the amount 
of interest payable for 
any 
interest 
period 
following 
any 
Rate 
Adjustment: 
The [Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation Agent. 
16. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
[30/360] / [Actual/Actual(ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/360] / 
[Actual/ 365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE FROM THE MATURITY 
DATE TO THE EXTENDED MATURITY DATE 
17. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual] / [Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the amount 
of interest payable for 
any interest period 
following any Rate 
Adjustment: 
[The Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation Agent. 
18. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 90 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Fiscal Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 91 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation  
[Not Applicable/ Applicable - the rate of interest for the 
[long]/[short] [first]/[last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
/ 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
 
(xv) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the amount 
of interest payable for 
any interest period 
following any Rate 
Adjustment: 
The [Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation Agent. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each 
Covered Bond: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Covered Bond 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond which is exchangeable

--- Page 92 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
for Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond]] 
Where the exchange to Definitive Covered Bonds is 
permitted at the option of the Covered Bondholder ensure 
that the specified denominations do not permit a smaller 
integral amount. 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Covered Bonds includes language 
substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and 
integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and 
including €199,000". 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is 
not permitted in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds 
which is to be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive 
Covered Bonds.) 
[Registered Covered Bonds: 
[Global Registered Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Individual Covered Bond Certificates on [•] days' notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Global Registered Covered Bond] 
and 
[Global Registered Covered Bond registered in the name 
of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS)).] 
23. 
New 
Global 
Note 
/ 
New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] / [No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable]/[give details].  
Covered Bond that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to which 
sub-paragraph 15(v) relates 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Covered 
Bonds (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No]. [As the Covered Bonds have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
left.]

--- Page 93 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
Signed on behalf of AS LHV Pank: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 94 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [•]. 
Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[•]. [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected] 
to be rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Covered Bonds of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
[Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Covered

--- Page 95 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"), 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority] 
/[European Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) 
on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Covered Bonds is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] does not appear on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European

--- Page 96 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Covered 
Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether rating is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
FCA’s website. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR 
under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but the rating it has given to the Covered Bonds to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European

--- Page 97 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK 
CRA Regulation  
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK 
nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Covered 
Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and [its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]

--- Page 98 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[•]] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[•]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free] of payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[insert name of additional Paying Agent / Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for Registered 
Covered Bonds] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Covered 
Bonds are capable of meeting them the Covered Bonds may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for Registered Covered Bonds]. Covered Bond that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
6. 
DERIVATE INSTRUMENTS 
 
 
Derivative Instruments applicable 
to issuance of Covered Bonds: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
 
(If "No" delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type 
of 
Derivative 
Instruments: 
Interest Rate Swap Transaction/ Currency Swap Transaction 
 
(ii) 
Description of Derivative 
Instruments: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Derivative Instruments as 
specific collateral for this 
issuance: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
(iv) 
Swap counterparty: 
[•]

--- Page 99 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
(v) 
Collateral 
posting 
requirements: 
[•] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names 
of 
Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), 
if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [2]; 
 
 
(In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]5 
 
 
(vii) 
Relevant Benchmarks 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] is provided by 
administrator [legal name, repeat as necessary]. As at the 
date hereof, administrator [legal name] [appears/does not 
appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [CIBOR] / 
[EURIBOR] / [NIBOR] / [STIBOR] does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[  ]  [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here.]  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[  ] 
 
 
                                                          
5  
If the Covered Bonds are to be placed with Belgian consumers, "Not Applicable" should be specified.

--- Page 100 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond in bearer form, 
references in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds to "Covered Bondholder" are references to 
the bearer of the relevant Global Covered Bond which, for so long as the Global Covered Bond is held by 
a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a classic global covered bond ("CGCB"), or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds represented by a Global Registered Covered Bond, references 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds to "Covered Bondholder" are references to the person 
in whose name such Global Registered Covered Bond is for the time being registered in the Register which, 
for so long as the Global Registered Covered Bond is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common 
depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee 
for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Covered Bond or a Global Registered 
Covered Bond (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond 
and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered 
Bond. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under 
the Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond will be determined by the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from 
time to time. For so long as the relevant Covered Bonds are represented by a Global Covered Bond or 
Global Registered Covered Bond, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect 
of payments due under the Covered Bonds and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond. 
Conditions applicable to Global Covered Bonds 
Each Global Covered Bond and Global Registered Covered Bond will contain provisions which modify the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds as they apply to the Global Covered Bond or Global Registered 
Covered Bond. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond which, 
according to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, require presentation and/or surrender of a 
Covered Bond, Covered Bond Certificate or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Covered Bond or 
Global Registered Covered Bond to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and 
discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds. On each occasion on 
which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Covered Bond, the Issuer shall 
procure that in respect of a CGCB the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the 
payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Covered Bond, or a Global Registered Covered Bond, shall 
be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the 
currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Covered Bond will be made to the 
person shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing

--- Page 101 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered 
Covered Bond is being held is open for business. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Covered Bonds, the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Covered Bonds to be redeemed will not 
be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Covered Bonds are represented by a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond (or by a Permanent Global Covered Bond and/or a Temporary Global 
Covered Bond) or a Global Registered Covered Bond and the Permanent Global Covered Bond is (or the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond and/or the Temporary Global Covered Bond are), or the Global 
Registered Covered Bond is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Covered Bondholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 102 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF AS LHV PANK 
The following information has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to, the Financial Statements and should also be read in conjunction with 
"Financial review".  See also "Presentation of financial and other information" for a discussion of the 
sources of the numbers contained in this section. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
The table below shows the Bank's consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December in each 
of 2020, 2019 and 2018.  
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ thousand) 
Assets 
 
 
 
Due from central bank ...........................................  
2,213,211 
1,232,733 
639,862 
Due from credit institutions ...................................  
170,062 
32,247 
24,979 
Due from investment companies ...........................  
9,985 
5,473 
17,005 
Equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ("FVOCI") ......................  
— 
432 
298 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  
322,930 
32,499 
38,913 
Loans and advances to customers..........................  
2,208,823 
1,687,034 
918,761 
Receivables from customers ..................................  
2,454 
2,745 
2,509 
Other financial assets ............................................  
2,073 
2,246 
2,936 
Other assets ...........................................................  
1,943 
1,857 
1,341 
Tangible assets ......................................................  
2,766 
1,903 
1,122 
Right-of-use assets 
3,805 
4,777 
— 
Intangible assets ....................................................  
807 
685 
1,286 
Total assets ...........................................................  
4,938,859 
3,004,631 
1,649,012 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Deposits from customers and loans received ........  
4,610,015 
2,738,601 
1,469,561 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss ........................................................................  
221 
8 
11 
Accounts payable and other liabilities ...................  
25,441 
23,774 
23,861 
Subordinated debt ..................................................  
88,500 
70,500 
30,000 
Total liabilities .....................................................  
4,724,177 
2,832,883 
1,523,433 
Equity 
 
 
 
Share capital ..........................................................  
106,500 
95,500 
69,500 
Statutory reserve capital ........................................  
4,022 
3,025 
2,191 
Other reserves ........................................................  
— 
212 
78 
Retained earnings ..................................................  
98,285 
67,793 
49,687 
Total equity attributable to owners of the 
parent ...................................................................  
208,807 
166,530 
121,456 
Non-controlling interest ........................................  
5,875 
5,218 
4,123 
Total equity ..........................................................  
214,682 
171,748 
125,579 
Total liabilities and equity ..................................  
4,938,859 
3,004,631 
1,649,012

--- Page 103 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 
INCOME 
The table below shows the Bank's consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ thousand) 
Continuing operations 
 
 
 
Interest income ..............................................  
88,374 
61,413 
45,622 
Interest expense .............................................  
(19,327) 
(13,498) 
(6,601) 
Net interest income ......................................  
69,047 
47,915 
39,021 
Fee and commission income .........................  
31,152 
24,157 
18,902 
Fee and commission expense ........................  
(12,769) 
(11,349) 
(7,799) 
Net fee and commission income..................  
18,383 
12,808 
11,103 
Net gains from financial assets measured at 
fair value ........................................................  
834 
126 
404 
Foreign exchange rate gains ..........................  
43 
79 
64 
Net gains from financial assets ...................  
877 
205 
468 
Other income .................................................  
208 
176 
951 
Staff costs ......................................................  
(21,115) 
(17,042) 
(13,878) 
Administrative and other operating expenses  
(15,150) 
(15,475) 
(11,865) 
Profit before credit losses ............................  
52,250 
28,587 
25,800 
Impairment losses on loans and advances .....  
(10,898) 
(3,210) 
(4,879) 
Profit before income tax ..............................  
41,352 
25,377 
20,921 
Income tax expense .......................................  
(6,749) 
(3,277) 
(2,514) 
Profit for the year ........................................  
34,603 
22,100 
18,407 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
 
 
 
Net 
gains 
on 
investments 
in 
equity 
instruments designated at FVOCI .................  
0 
134 
42 
Total profit and other comprehensive 
income for the year ......................................  
34,603 
22,234 
18,449 
 
 
 
 
Total profit attributable to: 
 
 
 
Owners of the parent .....................................  
32,514 
19,804 
16,642 
Non-controlling interest ................................  
2,089 
2,296 
1,765 
 
34,603 
22,100 
18,407 
Total profit and other comprehensive 
income attributable to: 
 
 
 
Owners of the parent .....................................  
32,514 
19,938 
16,684 
Non-controlling interest ................................  
2,089 
2,296 
1,765 
 
34,603 
22,234 
18,449

--- Page 104 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
The table below summarises the Bank's consolidated statement of cash flows for each of 2020, 2019 and 
2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ thousand) 
Cash flows from operating activities before 
changes in operating assets and liabilities ........... 
50,099 
31,985 
25,259 
Net cash from/(used in) operating activities ........ 
1,375,835 
509,890 
(299,634) 
Net cash from investing activities ....................... 
(291,531) 
4,426 
9,970 
Net cash from financing activities ....................... 
23,631 
62,066 
16,650 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash 
equivalents ........................................................... 
43 
79 
64 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents ........................................................... 
1,107,978 
576,461 
(272,950) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the 
year ...................................................................... 
1,244,027 
667,566 
940,516 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year... 
2,352,005 
1,244,027 
667,566 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED RATIOS AND APMs 
The table below shows selected consolidated ratios for the Bank as at, and for the years ended, 31 December 
in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
As at/years ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(per cent.) 
Performance measures 
 
 
 
Return on average assets(1) .................................. 
0.9 
0.9 
1.1 
Return on average equity(2) .................................. 
17.3 
13.8 
15.3 
Cost to income ratio(3) ......................................... 
41.0 
53.2 
49.9 
Financial ratios 
 
 
 
Net interest margin(4) ........................................... 
1.87 
2.07 
2.31 
Interest spread(5) .................................................. 
1.84 
2.02 
2.29 
Asset quality 
 
 
 
Non-performing loans ratio(6) .............................. 
0.6 
0.3 
1.7 
Loan loss coverage ratio(7) ................................... 
129.8 
150.5 
70.8 
Loans to asset ratio(8) ........................................... 
44.7 
56.1 
55.7 
Loans to deposits ratio(9) ...................................... 
53.3 
62.2 
63.5 
Other ratios 
 
 
 
LCR(10) ................................................................. 
146.5 
142.6 
143.9 
NSFR(10) .............................................................. 
153.9 
157.3 
153.3 
Leverage ratio(10) ................................................. 
4.36 
5.70 
6.56

--- Page 105 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
Core equity tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(10) ......... 
12.19 
12.19 
13.56 
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(10) ........................... 
15.32 
13.96 
13.56 
Total capital adequacy ratio(10) ............................ 
18.75 
17.61 
17.14 
_____________ 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Profit for the year of the Bank for the year divided by average assets for the year, with average assets 
calculated as the sum of assets at the beginning and at the end of the year divided by two. 
(2)  
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent divided by average shareholders' equity for the year, 
with average shareholders' equity calculated as the sum of total equity attributable to owners of the parent at 
the beginning and at the end of the year divided by two. 
(3)  
The sum of staff costs and administrative and other operating expenses divided by the sum of net interest 
income, net fee and commission income, net gains from financial assets and other income. 
(4)  
Net interest income divided by average interest earning assets for the year, with average interest earning 
assets calculated as the sum of interest earning assets at the beginning and at the end of the year divided by 
two. Interest earning assets comprise assets due from central bank, credit institutions and investment 
companies, loans and advances to customers, and financial assets at fair value through profit and loss. 
(5) 
Yield on interest earning assets (calculated as interest income divided by interest earning assets) less the cost 
of interest bearing liabilities (calculated as interest expense divided by average interest bearing liabilities, 
with average interest bearing liabilities calculated as the sum of interest bearing liabilities at the beginning 
and at the end of the year divided by two). Interest bearing liabilities comprise deposits from customers and 
loans received, accounts payable and other liabilities and subordinated debt. 
(6)  
Non-performing loans (calculated in accordance with the definition of default in Article 178 of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013, which amounted to €13.5 million as at 31 December 2020, €4.4 million as at 31 December 
2019 and €15.5 million as at 31 December 2018) as a percentage of total nominal value of the loans (being 
loans and advances to customers before impairment provisions at nominal value). 
(7)  
Impairment provisions as a percentage of non-performing loans. Provisions include provisions for loans and 
guarantees issued as well as provisions made for loan and guarantees commitments. 
(8) 
Loans and advances to customers divided by total assets. 
(9)  
Loans and advances to customers divided by deposits from customers. 
(10)  
Calculated in accordance with applicable requirements in Estonia.

--- Page 106 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK 
INTRODUCTION 
The Bank is the third largest bank in Estonia with a 17 per cent. market share in deposits and a 13 per cent. 
market share in corporate loans, in each case according to adjusted data provided by the EFSA as at 31 
December 2020.  
The Bank is an Estonian licensed credit institution offering banking services to corporate and retail clients 
in Estonia.  In addition to branches in Tallinn and Tartu, the Bank also: 
• 
has a 65 per cent. owned subsidiary which provides consumer finance and hire purchase services in 
Estonia; and 
• 
has a London branch which was established in 2018. 
In 2020, the Bank's profit for the year was €34.6 million, compared to €22.1 million in 2019 and €18.4 
million in 2018. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Bank's loans and advances to customers amounted to €2.2 billion and its 
deposits from customers and loans received amounted to €4.6 billion. As at the same date, the Bank's total 
assets were €4.9 billion and its Tier 1 and total capital ratios were 15.3 per cent. and 18.8 per cent., 
respectively. As at 31 December 2020, the Bank employed 472 people (on a full time employee basis) and 
had over 250,000 customers. 
In February 2021 an independent survey company, Dive, announced that the Bank offered the best service 
in Estonian banking with a score of 98 per cent.  In July 2020, Euromoney identified the Bank as the best 
bank in Estonia for the third consecutive year.   
The Bank is incorporated under the laws of Estonia, in accordance with the requirements of the Estonian 
Commercial Code and is registered in the Estonian Commercial Register with registration number 
10539549. 
HISTORY 
The Bank was established on 2 March 1999 pursuant to the Estonian Commercial Code by nine individuals 
and four legal entities, including Mr Rain Lõhmus and Mr Andres Viisemann.  In 2005, LHV Group, in 
which Mr Rain Lõhmus and Mr Andres Viisemann remain significant shareholders, was established as a 
holding company for both the Bank and a sister fund management company.   
Below is a chart showing the structure of LHV Group and its subsidiaries as at the end of 2020:

--- Page 107 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
 
The table below summarises the Bank's history. 
1999 
The Bank was established as an investment firm, providing brokerage and portfolio 
management services. 
2009 
The Bank obtained its credit institution license and initiated deposit taking and 
lending operations. 
2010 
The Bank launched payments services. 
2011 
The Bank launched bank payment cards. 
2013 
AS LHV Finance was established as a majority-owned subsidiary of the Bank and 
launched hire-purchase services. 
2014 
The Bank launched bank payment cards acquiring services. 
2015 
The Bank joined the SEPA payments network as a direct member and launched ATM 
network services. 
2016 
The Bank commenced offering mortgage loans to private clients. 
2017 
The Bank began servicing payment service providers. 
2018 
The Bank opened a branch in London, United Kingdom; Moody's assigned the Bank 
a credit rating of Baa1.

--- Page 108 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
2019 
The Bank completed the acquisition of a small corporate loan portfolio from 
Versobank in January 2019 and a significant private loan portfolio from Danske 
Bank's Estonian branch in November 2019. 
2020 
The Bank commenced making payments as a direct member of the Faster Payments 
scheme in the United Kingdom. The Bank issued its inaugural covered bond. In 
October 2020, the Bank completed the acquisition of a portfolio of corporate and 
municipality loans that had been originated by Danske Bank’s Estonian branch. 
SHAREHOLDERS AND SUBSIDIARY 
Shareholders 
The Bank is wholly owned by LHV Group, which also owns 100 per cent. of the fund management 
company, LHV Varahaldus, and 65 per cent. of AS LHV Kindlustus (established in 2020) which has 
recently started offering property insurance. In 2021, LHV Group established another subsidiary LHV UK 
Limited, which is making preparations to apply for a banking licence in the United Kingdom. After the 
licence is obtained, the Bank’s financial intermediaries business will be transferred to the separate 
subsidiary of the Group. LHV Group's principal shareholders are two of its founders who, although not 
related parties, between them controlled (directly and through related parties) 33.07 per cent. of the shares 
in LHV Group as at 31 March 2021.  Both of these shareholders are also members of LHV Group's 
Supervisory Board. 
The table below shows LHV Group's five largest shareholders as at 31 March 2021.   
 
Number of shares 
Participation 
 
(million) 
(per cent.) 
Rain Lõhmus(1) and related parties .............................................
6.74 
23.68 
Andres Viisemann(1) & related parties ........................................
2.79 
9.68 
Ambient Sound Investments OÜ ................................................
1.65 
5.74 
Krenno OÜ .................................................................................
1.21 
4.20 
Tiina Mõis(2) and related parties .................................................
1.08 
3.76 
________ 
Notes: 
(1)  
Founder and member of the Supervisory Board. 
(2) 
Member of the Supervisory Board. 
As at 31 March 2021, LHV Group had approximately 13 thousand shareholders. 
To the knowledge of the Issuer, Mr Rain Lõhmus and Mr Andres Viisemann have not entered into a 
shareholders’ agreement in relation to the shareholdings in LHV Group. Mr Rain Lõhmus and Mr Andres 
Viisemann are entitled to use their rights as shareholders of LHV Group in accordance with applicable law, 
the Articles of Association and the rules of Nasdaq Tallinn Stock Exchange (where the shares of LHV 
Group are listed).  
Subsidiary

--- Page 109 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
The Bank has a 65 per cent. shareholding in AS LHV Finance, a joint venture with Toveko Invest OÜ, 
which was established to provide hire purchase services and now also offers consumer loans. The Bank and 
Toveko Invest OÜ are party to a shareholders agreement in relation to AS LHV Finance. 
STRATEGY 
The Group’s vision is to help people and businesses dare to think big and act big. The Group’s mission is 
to provide for better access to financial services and capital.  
The Bank’s home markets are Estonia and the United Kingdom (through its branch office). The Bank has 
the capability to grow its business in both of these geographies by leveraging its technological solutions.  
The Bank strives to grow but to do so within the bounds of predetermined risk appetite and profitability 
targets. The Group (and the Bank as part of the Group) envisions itself as an international financial group 
that offers the best service to all customer groups and through all channels, from the mobile bank to the 
bricks-and mortar office.  
The Bank's strategy is to: 
• 
ensure that its products and service are simple, transparent and relevant to its customers, with a focus 
on products that positively distinguish it from the market. The Bank is currently able to finance any 
Estonian company and issues mortgage loans all over Estonia. It makes swift decisions with extra 
conditions tailored to the customer. It also offers free-of-charge payments, integrated investment 
services, and what it believes are the quickest and the most flexible loan products; 
• 
communicate with its customers principally through modern electronic channels and in ways preferred 
by its clients. For example, it provides the bulk of its services, including securities trading, private 
customer loan applications and loan agreement conclusion, through its mobile app; and 
• 
partner where relevant with third parties to achieve its business pursuits. For example the Bank has an 
active cooperation with both of the major deposit platforms in Europe (Raisin and Deposit Solutions), 
where it mainly seeks term deposits and a co-operation agreement was concluded with KredEx in 
2019 to provide housing loan surety to young people. 
The Bank's long-term aim is to become Estonia's largest bank. In the shorter term, the Bank expects that 
there will be some uncertainty and weakness in the economy related to the effects of COVID-19 which will 
also influence the Bank’s clients. Until the situation stabilises, there will be increased focus on working 
with its existing customers, but the Bank targets growing its customer base and loan portfolio as the 
economic situation improves. To achieve this, it intends to continue focusing on efficiency, profitability, 
innovation and the provision of the best possible service. 
In relation to its corporate customers, the Bank intends to keep growing its loan portfolio with a focus on 
increasing the share of financing provided to the wholesale and retail sector. It is targeting customers in 
search of a bank who understands the nature of their business and is able to provide the required financing 
structure. The Bank intends to continue its single-level decision-making process, where all decisions are 
made locally, swiftly and in a flexible manner. It also expects to continue its multi-year project of adopting 
the internal ratings-based ("IRB") approach to credit risk. This will allow the Bank to model not only the 
probability of default but also to model its own loss given default and exposure-at-default levels and 
enhance the Bank's return on equity through efficient capital allocation. 
In relation to its retail customers, the Bank intends to focus on expanding its customer base and enhancing 
customer activity. Its focus lies on major Estonian cities, targeting active customers who prioritise

--- Page 110 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
electronic channels. At the same time, the Bank is also making preparations for opening its third physical 
bank office to better support its customers in the western part of Estonia. The Bank seeks to better engage 
customers who have opened a current account with the Bank, whose salary is transferred to the account and 
who use the Bank's cards for their daily financial affairs. The Bank intends to focus also on boosting its 
market share in mortgage loans, has recently launched ApplePay and intends to launch other card payments 
via smart devices, to upgrade its Mobile Bank and plans to start offering a pension investment account. 
The Bank’s financial intermediaries business line continues servicing various fintech companies including 
payment service providers and virtual asset service providers. The Bank already offers services such as 
accounts, payments (including real-time EUR and GBP payments), acquiring services, working capital 
finance and foreign currency exchange services. Customers are able to use many of the services through an 
application programming interface (API) called LHV Connect. The Bank is continuing to expand its service 
offering to better meet the needs of the growing client base. In the medium term horizon after the Group’s 
new subsidiary applies for and receives a banking licence in the United Kingdom, it is expected that the 
financial intermediary business would be transferred from the Bank to the stand-alone UK banking 
subsidiary of the Group.  
STRENGTHS 
The Bank believes that its principal strengths are: 
• 
Leading brand in Estonia. The Bank believes that the LHV brand is well known as a leading locally 
owned financial group. This is supported by the expansion and success of the Bank as well as by the 
activities of the Bank's sister company, LHV Varahaldus, which is the second largest pension fund 
manager in Estonia with a market share of 28.4 per cent. of the assets under management in the 
Estonian pension system according to the Estonian Pension Register (Pensionikeskus) as of 2020 In 
addition, the Bank's subsidiary, LHV Finance, is a leading consumer finance and hire-purchase 
provider in Estonia. The Bank believes that the LHV Group provides services that are important for 
its local retail and corporate customers. 
• 
Superior offering in terms of quality, range of products, technological innovation and price. The 
Bank aims to be in the forefront of technical innovation and to introduce these innovations into 
everyday use for the benefit of its retail and corporate customers. For example, the Bank has launched 
many novel products and has been one of the first to incorporate internationally successful products 
and services, such as LHV Connect API, which offers flexible payments services with access to 
several instant payments schemes via single file format and automated payment routing options. The 
Bank also offers services such as virtual accounts and agency banking services. The Bank believes 
that its mobile banking capabilities exceed those of its competitors in terms of their intuitiveness, the 
range of services offered and because they bear no additional costs. The Bank is one of only a few 
banks in the world that can offer real-time SEPA and pound sterling payments and a list of easily 
accessible services for corporate customers from the financial technology sector.  
• 
Strong track record. The Bank has a strong track record of low loan loss provisions throughout its 
12-year history of operating in Estonia (a period which includes the global financial crisis that started 
in the second half of 2008). The Bank believes that this evidences its strong credit analysis and 
management process, and its expert staff in this area.  While the Bank has seen an increase in its non-
performing loans in 2020 as the Coronavirus pandemic impacted the economy and the financial 
situation of the Bank’s customers, the credit quality of the Bank’s loan portfolio generally remains 
strong in this historic crisis. The Bank’s non-performing loans (calculated in accordance with the 
definition of default in Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013) amounted to €13.5 million as at

--- Page 111 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
31 December 2020, €4.3 million as at 31 December 2019 and €15.5 million as at 31 December 2018, 
which represented 0.6 per cent., 0.3 per cent. and 1.7 per cent. of the value of its total loans (based on 
nominal customer balance of the loan) as at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2018, respectively. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank expects that the current period of 
higher costs of loan provisions and actual loan losses due to the decline of the economic situation will 
persist until the pandemic subsides. Such cyclicality is, however, expected and overall the Bank 
believes that it is well prepared to face the crises it faces. 
BUSINESS 
The Bank provides banking services to retail banking, corporate banking and financial intermediary clients. 
The retail banking services cover all private individuals and small legal entities with credit exposure under 
€500,000. The corporate banking services cover all corporate customers and other legal entities with 
exposure over €500,000. The Bank offers all of these customers universal banking services, including the 
settlement of payments, the issuing and acquiring of bank cards, deposit services, financing services 
(including loans, leasing, credit limits, overdrafts and guarantees), securities brokerage and investment 
services. The financial intermediaries unit provides services to fintech customers such as payment service 
providers and virtual asset service providers. 
The Bank also provides hire-purchase and consumer finance in Estonia, through its subsidiary AS LHV 
Finance. 
The Bank discloses financial information by reporting segment in its financial statements and the table 
below, which is based on information in the Bank’s financial statements as at, and for the year ended, 31 
December 2020 shows the relative contribution of each reporting segment to LHV Bank’s total net 
operating revenue and net profit in 2020 and to its total assets and total liabilities as at 31 December 2020.  
This information is included to illustrate the relative contribution of the Bank's different activities.  
The relative contribution to LHV Bank’s total net operating revenue and profit for the year ended 
31 December 2020 
 
Retail 
banking 
Corporate 
banking 
Financial 
intermediati
on 
AS 
LHV 
Finance 
Other 
activities(1) 
Intra-
segment 
eliminations 
Total 
 
(per cent.) 
Total 
net 
operating 
revenue
 ....................  
38.9 
45.0 
12.7 
11.7 
(8.3) 
0.0 
100.0 
Profit(2)
 ....................  
51.9 
57.6 
2.7 
20.7 
(32.9) 
0.0 
100.0 
Total 
assets
 ....................  
34.9 
61.8 
3.0 
1.3 
0.0 
(1.0) 
100.0 
Total 
liabilities
 ....................  
46.0 
27.0 
27.0 
1.0 
0.0 
(1.0) 
100.0 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
Principally corporate activities. 
(2) 
Profit from continuing operations.

--- Page 112 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
Banking activities 
The Bank is principally deposit funded through retail and corporate current account deposits and, to a 
smaller extent, through term deposits. The loan portfolio comprises both corporate and retail loans. 
Historically, corporate loans have dominated the bank's lending business. However, in recent years, the 
Bank has increased the diversification of its loan portfolio with mortgage loans to retail clients accounting 
for 31 per cent. of its total credit portfolio as at 31 December 2020, compared to 35 per cent. as of 31 
December 2019 and 11 per cent. as at 31 December 2018. Total loans to private individuals accounted for 
39 per cent. of its total credit portfolio as at 31 December 2020 compared to 44 per cent. as at 31 December 
2019 and 23 per cent. as at 31 December 2018. Loans to the real estate sector made up 22 per cent. of the 
total credit portfolio as at 31 December 2020 (compared to 21 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and down 
from 27 per cent. compared to 31 December 2018). The Bank has imposed internal limits on the proportion 
of loans to the real estate sector to avoid excessive sector concentration and is monitoring the split of various 
sectors in its credit portfolio on a regular basis. 
The Bank's commitment to deliver quality service to its customers is strengthened by continuous upgrading 
of its technology and the training provided to its staff. The Bank's technology enables its customers to 
access their accounts, interact with the Bank and manage any of the Bank's products by way of internet 
banking and mobile banking. 
Below is a diagram showing a breakdown of the business volumes of the Issuer, in the case of total revenue, 
for the 12 months ended 31 December 2020 and in the case of deposits, customer base and loans (gross) as 
at 31 December 2020. 
 
 * Note: The "Other" segment in "Deposits" above includes deposits raised from deposit platforms in the amount of €216 million, 
deposits from other companies of LHV Group in the amount of €22 million and accrued interest in the amount of €1 million. Deposits 
from deposit platforms are considered a treasury activity and not part of any of the business units. "Total net revenue" includes net 
interest income and net fee and commission income but does not include the negative result of the treasury segment in the amount of 
€7.3 million.

--- Page 113 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Corporate banking 
The key corporate banking product offered by the Bank is business loans (including investment loans, 
working capital facilities and overdraft facilities). In terms of sector breakdown, loans to the real estate 
sector make up the largest proportion but this has been declining over recent years as the Bank’s corporate 
credit portfolio has become more diversified. The Bank also provides a wide range of other common 
banking services such as current account (both euro and foreign currency options), cash management 
services (including cash pool), term deposits, payments services, cards and acquiring, trade finance services 
(including letters of credit and guarantees as well factoring and inventory financing). The Bank also 
provides capital markets advisory services on the Baltic markets, both for debt and equity raising projects.  
The corporate banking business provides services to all corporate and governmental sector clients. The 
Bank considers all Estonian corporates as its target clients, except for a few of the very largest clients where 
the Bank is limited in its offering due to balance sheet size. 
In the longer term, the Bank is seeking to grow the size of its corporate loan portfolio while maintaining 
high loan credit quality and fulfilling return on equity targets. The Bank is proud of its excellent client 
service, including swift credit process and decision-making, understanding the client's business (including 
the risks) and partnering with the client when negotiating the loan. The Bank is also developing its trade 
finance business.  
In light of the increase in requests from the Issuer’s debtors for repayment moratoria in light of the 
Coronavirus pandemic and the associated economic downturn, the Issuer applied from 12 March 2020 until 
30 September 2020, together with most other Estonian credit institutions, the Estonian Banking 
Association’s uniform policy for the granting of repayment moratoria in connection with the emergency 
situation declared in relation to the Coronavirus pandemic (the "Repayment Moratoria Guidelines"). The 
Repayment Moratoria Guidelines were prepared on the basis of the European Banking Authority’s 
guidelines on legislative and non-legislative moratoria on loan repayments applied in the light of the 
Coronavirus crisis (EBA-GL-2020-02). The Bank granted payment moratoria for up to 12 months in case 
of debtors who are private individuals (up to 12 months for mortgages and up to 6 months for consumer 
credit) and up to 6 months in case of debtors which are legal entities (legal entities with exposure up to €5 
million qualify for the grace period). Only principal payments were affected and the rest of the loan 
conditions were not changed. The Bank continues providing payment holidays for customers on a case-by-
case basis. As of 31 March 2021, the Bank’s total balance of loans for which a grace period has been granted 
and where it has not expired amounted to €60 million, out of which loans granted to corporates comprised 
€42 million and loans granted to private individuals €18 million.  
In addition to credit products, the Bank maintains a good offering of cash management and payments 
services.  
Retail banking 
As at the end of December 2020, the Bank had around 256,000 retail customers using its retail banking 
products. For retail customers, the Bank offers daily financial affairs management products and services, 
along with mortgage loans, and it specialises in providing the best services for growing customers' savings 
and investments. For small and medium sized business customers, the Bank provides flexible and 
appropriate financing. The Bank's products and services are simple, transparent and relevant. Modern 
electronic means of communication are used for customer relations (including the Bank's mobile app). 
Where possible, the Bank aims for higher automation of its business processes to speed up the decision

--- Page 114 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
making for the client and achieve greater organisational efficiency. The resultant reduced costs are also 
reflected in the affordable prices of the Bank's everyday banking services.  
The retail banking unit is an important source of deposits for the Bank in order to fund both its mortgage 
and corporate banking businesses. Accordingly, the Bank focuses its sales and marketing activities on 
attracting private individuals who use the Bank for their core daily banking activities (including receiving 
salary payments), wealthy customers (to the private banking offering) and small and medium sized 
companies. The Bank's product offering includes a full range of services for these clients, including 
accounts and deposits, credit cards, debit cards and digital wallet services. 
Mortgage lending is the retail banking unit's key credit product. The Bank aims to grow its market share in 
mortgage loans by offering clients rapid service and fast turnaround times for loan applications compared 
to its competitors. The Bank's target is to provide an indicative offer to a prospective customer within 24 
hours after receiving an application for a mortgage loan, which is significantly faster than other banks 
offering mortgage loans in Estonia and can be achieved by automated internal processes and use of 
technology. The Bank is not aiming to be a price leader in the market but intends to offer premium service 
to command pricing which enables it earn targeted return on equity within acceptable risk appetite. For 
homes with high energy efficiency, a green mortgage loan product is being offered at lower cost for the 
customer. The retail banking unit also provides loans to small and medium sized companies. The Bank's 
leasing offering is mainly based on motor vehicles which make up around half of the total sales. Equipment 
leasing of various types (including for forestry, construction and agricultural businesses) makes up the rest 
of the leasing business volume. The Bank’s mortgage portfolio grew substantially in 2019 as it acquired 
the private customer loan portfolio of Danske Bank A/S Estonia branch. The transaction was finalised on 
23 November 2019. As a result of the transaction, the Bank’s loan portfolio increased by EUR 393 million. 
The transaction involved approximately 10,000 private clients. More than 90 per cent. of the portfolio 
consisted of mortgage loans. The migration of the agreements, collaterals and relevant data has been 
completed and the customers are now servicing their loans with the Bank. The level of loans with payments 
overdue was on average higher in the acquired portfolio compared to the loans originated by the Bank. This 
is due to a different servicing approach that was adopted by Danske Bank where the bank was less active 
in contacting the client in case of overdue payments. The Bank is more proactive in communication with 
its clients and the Bank applies such approach also to the purchased portfolio. 
Retail banking also incorporates the Bank's private banking business which offers investment management 
services and certain premium banking services to its clients. The private banking unit mainly targets 
wealthy individuals based in Estonia as clients. Retail banking also includes the Bank's investment services 
offering, comprising brokerage and foreign currency services.  
The Bank’s retail banking business has been affected by the lockdowns implemented in response to the 
Coronavirus pandemic and the resulting impact on the economy and its customers’ incomes. In particular, 
the Bank applied the Estonian Banking Association’s uniform policy for the granting of repayment 
moratoria in connection with the emergency situation declared in relation to the Coronavirus pandemic and 
continues granting payment holidays to customers on a case-by-case basis (see "Description of the Bank – 
Corporate banking" for further detail). Depending on how the pandemic evolves and impacts the economy, 
the Bank may record higher provisions and loan losses which will have an impact on its income statement. 
Also loan growth may be lower as people could be more hesitant to take on new financial liabilities in 
uncertain economic conditions. However, these developments do not change the Bank’s longer term goals.  
In addition to deposit taking through its retail banking unit in Estonia, the Bank has been acquiring term 
deposits from retail depositors through two partners: Deposit Solutions and Raisin. The relevant markets 
are Germany, Austria, The Netherlands and Spain. The terms offered have generally been six and 12 months

--- Page 115 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
and the deposits vary in size up to €100,000 per depositor. The Bank does not consider these activities as 
part of its retail business but as a source of funding within the scope of its treasury activities.  
Financial intermediation 
The Bank's financial intermediation business comprises the provision of Banking infrastructure and 
services to more than 100 payment intermediation and technology customers, including TransferWise, 
Coinbase, Paysafe and Trustly, and includes the activities of the Bank's branch in the United Kingdom. The 
Bank continues to focus on acquiring new customers and expanding the product portfolio. In addition to its 
recent connection to the UK's GBP instant payment system, the Bank has significantly improved its anti-
money laundering systems. The FinTech company market remains active and the demand for the banking 
services that the Bank provides to these companies continues to grow. The Bank believes that its LHV 
Connect service is the first bank API through which FinTech companies can access euro and pound real-
time payments. The revenue base of the Bank's business in the UK is growing, with revenue generated 
mainly from payments, currency exchange, card payment mediation, credit services and maintenance fees. 
The Bank aims to further develop its payments infrastructure to broaden the range of its service offering.  
The financial results of the financial intermediation unit include all costs related to the Bank's payments 
infrastructure (which is shared between all of the Bank’s business units, including its retail and corporate 
units), as in terms of organisational set-up, the relevant team is part of the financial intermediation unit.  
The Group’s subsidiary LHV UK Limited is making preparations for applying for a banking licence in the 
United Kingdom. Once the regulatory approvals are obtained, it is expected that the financial intermediation 
business would be transferred from the Bank to the stand-alone UK subsidiary. The purpose of the change 
is to clearly separate the Bank’s Estonian universal banking business and its financial intermediary 
business, focused on international clients, due to the different growth and risk profile of these two business 
lines. 
Delivery channels 
The Bank views its electronic channels (including both the internet bank and mobile app) as the core 
channels for interaction with its clients. The Bank aims to continuously upgrade its electronic channels with 
new functionalities and to make them as convenient as possible for customers. However, it also supports 
its clients through more conventional delivery channels. Accordingly, the Bank's delivery channels include: 
• 
branches – the Bank has three branches located in Tallinn, Tartu and London. It is making preparations 
for opening a third branch in Pärnu, in the western part of Estonia; 
• 
online banking – which allows customers to monitor their account activity, transfer funds, pay bills, 
manage their credit cards and other loans, arrange time deposits, request and conclude agreements for 
services and update information.  Users can also chat on the home page with a virtual assistant, Uku, 
to get real time answers; 
• 
mobile banking – which allows customers to open an account, order a bank card, make investments 
and apply for various loan products. In addition to Baltic shares, customers can also buy and sell 
shares listed on international stock exchanges and exchange-traded funds. The mobile banking app is 
growing in importance as a delivery channel for the Bank’s customers; 
• 
125 ATMs – through which customers can withdraw cash, makes certain transfers and payments and 
initiate certain enquiries. The ATM network was significantly expanded in 2019 following the 
conclusion of a shared network contract with Luminor Bank, Danske Bank and Worldline;

--- Page 116 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
• 
almost 8,000 POS terminals – which are located at merchants' premises and enable them to accept 
card payments from their customers; and 
• 
LHV Connect – an API which offers integration between the information system (such as accounting 
software) of the customer and the Bank. The API offers access to a range of the Bank’s payment 
services. 
Hire purchase and consumer financing in Estonia 
The Bank provides hire purchase and consumer financing services in Estonia through its joint venture, AS 
LHV Finance, which was established in 2013 to provide hire-purchase services. In 2015, it began offering 
consumer loans as well. In 2017, AS LHV Finance started to offer rebranded targeted consumer loans (such 
as renovation loans and car loans). As at 31 December 2020, AS LHV Finance's credit portfolio amounted 
to €66.0 million and it had over 47,700 effective credit agreements. The hire-purchase market in Estonia is 
decreasing, and 78 per cent. of AS LHV Finance's portfolio comprised consumer loans as at 31 December 
2020. 
Other activities 
As an institutional broker, the Bank helps Baltic companies to raise equity and debt financing via capital 
markets activities. 
The Bank is the leading market participant on the Baltic stock exchanges in terms of trading volume based 
on data provided by the Nasdaq Baltic stock exchange. In 2021, the Bank received the "Best Stock 
Exchange Member of the Year" award of the Nasdaq Baltic stock exchanges for the seventh time. The Bank 
also publishes regular research about publicly listed Baltic companies, organises meetings between 
investors and the management of listed companies and is a market maker for seven publicly traded 
companies. 
The Bank's securities trading system, LHV Trader, is available to customers and the funds of those 
customers are treated as off-balance sheet assets of the Bank. Due to the nature of the system, the Bank 
deposits these funds in personalised accounts with its partner and does not use them for its own business 
purposes. The Bank earns commission and interest income on intermediation of transactions in these 
accounts. The Bank has provided contractual guarantees to its partner in respect of LHV Trader accounts, 
guaranteeing any losses incurred from financing of the transactions executed by customers intermediated 
by itself, with the primary collateral being the securities used as collateral for leveraged loans. To date, no 
such losses have occurred. 
Lending and loan portfolio 
For details of the Bank's approach to lending, see "Risk management—Credit risk".  For details of the Bank's 
loan portfolio, see "Financial review—Lending".  
Deposit portfolio 
For details of the Bank's loan portfolio, see "Financial review—Liquidity and funding—Funding—
Customer deposits and loans received". 
Mortgage lending process

--- Page 117 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
The Bank regards mortgage loans as a core product and wants to grow its portfolio of residential mortgage 
loans. The Bank has accordingly set up appropriate internal processes to ensure good service for its 
customers as well as efficient internal procedures and appropriate risk process. The Bank’s mortgage 
lending process is currently set up based on the following core guidelines.  
• 
Customers – Estonian residents. Non-residents might be accepted if there is strong connection to 
Estonia. 
• 
Currency – the Bank currently provides loans in Euro only. 
• 
Loan to Value ("LTV") - Maximum LTV is set at 85 per cent. In case there is a guarantee from the 
Estonian governmental institution Kredex, LTV can be up to 90 per cent. 
• 
Maturity - Maximum loan maturity offered is 30 years. 
• 
Basic overview of credit checks – Maximum debt to income ratio is set at 50% (adjusted for number 
of dependent persons). Income of the borrower is always verified based on bank account statements. 
Credit history checks to external credit bureau databases are conducted. Stress test for increase of 
interest rates are conducted.  
• 
Collateral - Valuation of collateral is based on market value. Collateral for mortgage loan is immovable 
property encumbered with a mortgage in official land register. Majority of valuations are carried out 
by external values who are required to have professional certificate. In some cases, qualified internal 
valuer of the Bank who is part of the risk organisation can also carry out the valuation. Valuation is 
updated at least once a year, indexing is typically used for collateral of residential properties and in 
such case revaluation happens quarterly. 
• 
Contract signing process - All Estonian real estate and established mortgages are listed in land register 
and every transaction of establishing a mortgage must be verified by notary public.  
• 
Different layers of internal decision making authorities for approving a loan have been set, based on 
the loan amount.  
Credit risk process 
Credit risk is one of the key risks for the Bank. In order to evaluate credit risk, the Group analyses the 
operations and financial position of its customers and business partners. After approving the credit, the 
solvency of the customer and the value of the collateral are regularly monitored. The credit risk management 
and control are centralised in the credit risk management unit which reports regularly to the Management 
Board and Supervisory Board.  
Economic conditions in Estonia, being the key geographic market for the Bank’s operations, have been 
benign over the past few years prior to the impact of the Coronavirus pandemic taking effect. The Bank’s 
provisions exceeded the amount of non-performing loans as at 31 December 2020.  Mortgages in arrears 
have been at very low level in the Bank and only increased after the acquisition of the private loans portfolio 
from Danske Bank A/S Estonia Branch in November 2019. As of 31 December 2020, the share of mortgage 
based loans which were more than 90 days in arrears or where the contract had been terminated amounted 
to 0.10 per cent., compared to 0.29 per cent. as of 31 December 2019 and 0.11 per cent. as of 31 December 
2018. The Bank has been able to reduce the share of loans in arrears in the acquired portfolio owing to a 
more proactive approach in contacting the clients with overdue loans.

--- Page 118 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
The following graphs show the percentages of overdue loans in the Bank's portfolio by loan type; rate of 
provisions against overdue loans; provisions against NPLs and the percentage of overdue mortgage loans 
over the period 31 December 2018 to 31 December 2020.
 
 
 
* NPL is calculated in accordance with the definition of default in Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013. Provisions include provisions for loans and guarantees issued as well as provisions made for 
loan and guarantees commitments. Provision rate is calculated as amount of provisions divided by nominal 
loan amount (client balance). Loan amounts used for calculating the percentage of overdue loans are 
nominal amounts (client balance).  
COMPETITION 
As at 31 December 2020, there were 14 banks operating in Estonia. Of these, five were branches of foreign 
credit institutions. The largest banks in Estonia are owned by Nordic financial groups (SEB and Swedbank) 
which together accounted for around two thirds of the market (66 per cent. of deposits, 67 per cent. of 
corporate loans and 66 per cent. of household loans as at 31 December 2020, according to adjusted EFSA 
data6). Accordingly, the Estonian banking sector is fairly concentrated. The Bank and Luminor are the third 
and fourth largest banks in terms of market share of deposits and lending. The Bank's market share has been 
                                                          
6 Source: EFSA, adjusted for the Latvian and Lithuanian branches of Luminor (based on Luminor Q4 2020 Interim report). The 
values of the Estonian total markets have been adjusted by deducting the assets and deposits of the Latvian and Lithuanian branches 
of Luminor in order to reflect more accurately the size of the relevant Estonian market. 
 
0.0%
1.0%
2.0%
3.0%
31.12.2018
31.12.2019
31.12.2020
Total overdue loans and provision rate
over 90 DPD
61-90 DPD
31-60 DPD
1-30 DPD
Provision rate
0.0%
0.5%
1.0%
1.5%
2.0%
2.5%
Loans to corporates
Mortgages
Leasing
Consumer finance
Credit cards
Loans over 30 days past due, %
Dec 2020
Dec 2019
Dec 2018
0%
30%
60%
90%
120%
150%
180%
Dec 2018
Dec 2019
Dec 2020
Provisions / NPL
0.0%
1.0%
2.0%
3.0%
4.0%
5.0%
Dec 18
Dec 19
Dec 20
Overdue loans - mortgages
over 90 DPD
61-90 DPD
31-60 DPD
1-30 DPD

--- Page 119 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
growing and amounted to 17 per cent. for deposits, 13 per cent. for corporate loans and 8 per cent. for 
household loans as at 31 December 2020, according to adjusted EFSA data. 
The Bank principally seeks to compete by: 
• 
offering premium customer service. The Bank has won awards for best service and expressly targets 
that it should have the best service among its competitors. The Bank focuses on understanding the 
needs of its clients. Among corporate clients, instead of offering completely standardised products, 
the Bank is willing to provide flexibility where possible to better match the client's business needs; 
• 
providing a transparent product offering and service. The Bank seeks to make its product offering and 
communications easily understandable for its customers. The pricing of its products and services is 
transparent; 
• 
swift decision-making and lean organisation. The Bank focuses on efficient internal processes and 
swift decision-making. Where possible, the Bank automates its internal processes. The Bank keeps its 
organisation efficient and does not create unnecessary complexity which would involve added time 
and cost for the Bank and ultimately for the client. The Bank is able to react to market developments 
by introducing new products and services without undue delay; and 
• 
offering premium electronic channels. The Bank views its internet bank and mobile app as the key 
channels for communication with its clients. The Bank places great emphasis on developing the 
functionalities of these channels and making them as convenient for the client as possible. This 
approach creates efficiencies for the Bank and is also attractive for its clients. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
The Bank has only two physical branches in Estonia and one in London. Instead of branches, the Bank 
prioritises digital channels and information technology to service its customers. One of the cornerstones of 
the Bank's IT strategy is a strong internal IT team, making up a quarter of the Bank's workforce. Most of 
the Bank's IT systems are developed in-house according to common service-oriented architecture and 
modular design principles, with the addition of a few third-party integrations. Modern digital channels, a 
strong technical footprint and automation capabilities enable the Bank to use the convenience of its mobile 
and internet banking facilities and speed of automated processes as a competitive advantage. 
The Management Board has overall accountability for setting, approving and overseeing the 
implementation of the Bank's IT strategy as part of its overall business strategy as well as for establishing 
an effective risk management framework for IT and information security risks. The IT strategy and related 
action plans are reviewed and updated annually to reflect changes in the business environment and in both 
the size and complexity of the Bank's operations. 
The overall responsibility for managing and overseeing IT and information security risks throughout the 
LHV Group is assigned to the Chief Information Security Officer of the Bank who reports to the Bank's 
Chief Risk Officer. This control function is responsible for monitoring and controlling adherence to the IT 
and information security risk management framework.  
A separate internal audit function has the capacity to independently review and provide objective assurance 
of the compliance of all IT and information security related activities. 
The Bank's IT and information security measures include:

--- Page 120 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
• 
defined logical access control procedures, including access on a "need to know" basis, access 
management, access logging and appropriate authentication methods; 
• 
defined physical security measures, including limited access and appropriate environmental hazard 
protection; 
• 
appropriate operations security measures, including ensuring that software and firmware is maintained 
up to date, the implementation of secure configuration baselines of all network components, the 
implementation of network segmentation, data loss prevention systems and the encryption of network 
traffic, the implementation of protection of endpoints including servers, workstations and mobile 
devices, ensuring that mechanisms are in place to verify the integrity of software, firmware and data 
and encryption of data at rest and in transit;  
• 
security monitoring, including policies and procedures to detect anomalous activities and security 
threats and to respond to them appropriately;  
• 
information security reviews, assessment and testing, including tests carried out by independent testers 
with sufficient knowledge, skills and expertise and vulnerability scans and penetration tests 
commensurate to the level of risk identified with the business processes and systems; and 
• 
information security training and awareness, including periodic security awareness programmes, for 
all staff and contractors to ensure that they are trained to perform their duties and responsibilities 
consistent with the relevant security policies and procedures to reduce human error, theft, fraud, 
misuse or loss and how to address information security related risks. 
INSURANCE 
The Bank maintains the following insurance policies: 
• 
comprehensive crime and professional indemnity; and 
• 
directors' and officers' liability. 
The Bank's insurance policies are subject to commercially negotiated deductibles, exclusions and 
limitations and the Bank will only receive insurance proceeds in respect of a claim made by it to the extent 
that the insurers have the funds to make payment.  Therefore insurance may not cover all losses incurred 
by the Bank and no assurance is given that the Bank will not suffer losses beyond the limits of, or outside 
the cover provided by, its insurance policies. 
COMPLIANCE 
The Bank's compliance function plays a vital role in identifying, assessing and providing advice relating to 
compliance with applicable laws and regulatory requirements. In addition to monitoring and reporting on 
compliance-related risks (which may give rise to legal and administrative penalties, financial loss or 
reputational damage), the compliance function is also responsible for conducting compliance audits.  The 
compliance function employs seven full time equivalent employees. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING 
The anti-money laundering ("AML") unit, which contains 19 full time equivalent employees (including the 
AML employees of the Bank’s UK branch), co-ordinates the Bank's AML procedures and guidelines,

--- Page 121 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
including assessing clients, countries and services for AML risk, monitoring and screening activities, 
providing internal training, being the point of contact for the Estonian Financial Intelligence Unit and 
reporting to the AML committee.  The AML committee approves the AML control plan, consults in areas 
such as risk management, and suggests guidelines for the Bank's Management Board approval and regularly 
reports to the Bank's Management Board.  The Bank adopts a zero tolerance approach to money laundering 
and is investing substantially in AML processes and software.   
Potential new high-risk clients are screened by the Bank's risk client unit (which comprises 13 full time 
equivalent employees) and their on-boarding is approved by the Bank's Risk Client Committee and 
Management Board. According to LHV Bank’s Customer Acceptance Principles all payment service 
providers and virtual asset service providers are considered as high-risk customers. Enhanced customer due 
diligence is applied in such cases, including in-depth on-site visits. All those companies are assessed by the 
Financial Intermediaries Client Assessment Committee and final approval for acceptance of the client is 
given by the Management Board. All other new clients are approved in accordance with the Bank's know 
your customer (KYC) principles and procedures. 
LITIGATION 
The Bank is party to legal and administrative proceedings in the course of its everyday business operations.  
Generally, the Bank acts as plaintiff in these proceedings, seeking to recover debts by defaulting borrowers 
and other customers. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Bank is only acting as plaintiff on ongoing 
litigation all of which relates to debt recovery.  
Since the Bank operates in a field which is subject to extensive regulation, it is also subject to administrative 
proceedings initiated primarily by the EFSA in the course of its financial supervision. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, none of the legal or administrative proceedings to which the Bank is a party (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which management is aware) are considered likely to 
have a significant effect on the Bank's financial position and there are no legal or administrative proceedings 
to which the Bank has been party during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may 
have, or have had, a significant effect on the Bank's financial position or profitability.

--- Page 122 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
MANAGEMENT 
In accordance with Estonian law, the Bank has a two-tier board system, consisting of the management board 
(the "Management Board") and the supervisory board (the "Supervisory Board"). The Management 
Board is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Bank's operations and is authorised to represent 
the Bank based on the law and the articles of association of the Bank (the "Articles of Association"). The 
Supervisory Board is responsible for strategic planning and for supervising the activities of the Management 
Board. 
The address of operations of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board is the Bank's registered 
address: Tartu mnt 2, 10145 Tallinn, Estonia. 
Management Board 
Role and duties 
The Management Board is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Bank's operations, 
representing the Bank and for organising its accounting. Furthermore, in accordance with the Estonian 
Commercial Code, it is the obligation of the Management Board to draft the Bank's annual reports and 
submit the annual reports to the Supervisory Board for review and to the general meeting of shareholders 
of the Bank (the "General Meeting") for approval.  The Management Board is accountable to the 
Supervisory Board and must adhere to its lawful instructions. 
The Management Board must present an overview of its activities, as well as the economic activities and 
economic situation of the Bank to the Supervisory Board at least once every three months and must give 
immediate notice to the Supervisory Board of any material deterioration of the economic condition of the 
Bank, the existence of any threat of such material deterioration or of any deviation from the prudential 
requirements. If the Bank is insolvent (other than on a temporary basis), the Management Board must 
immediately, but no later than twenty days after the date on which the insolvency became evident, submit 
a voluntary bankruptcy petition in respect of the Bank. 
The Management Board may enter into transactions that lie outside the Bank's ordinary scope of business 
only with the consent of the Supervisory Board.  Such transactions include, but are not limited to: 
(i) 
the acquisition or termination of holdings in other companies; 
(ii) 
the establishment and dissolving of subsidiaries; 
(iii) 
the acquisition or transfer of an enterprise, or the termination of its activities; 
(iv) 
the transfer or encumbrance of immovables or registered movables; 
(v) 
the foundation or closure of foreign branches; 
(vi) 
the making of investments exceeding a prescribed sum of expenditure for the current financial 
year; 
(vii) 
the assumption of loans or debt obligations exceeding a prescribed sum for the current financial 
year; and 
(viii) 
the granting of loans or the guarantee of debt obligations if this is beyond the scope of everyday 
economic activities.

--- Page 123 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Bank may be represented in all transactions and legal 
acts by two members of the Management Board acting jointly. A member of the Management Board may 
not represent the Bank in transactions or legal disputes with third parties in relation to which such member 
of the Management Board, or a person who shares economic interests with such member of the Management 
Board, has personal economic interests.  
Members of the Management Board 
According to the Articles of Association, the Management Board comprises three to seven members who 
are appointed by the Supervisory Board for a term of five years. As at the date of this Prospectus there are 
seven members in the Management Board as shown in the table below. 
Name 
Role 
Date 
appointment 
first registered 
Ms Kadri Kiisel ........................................................ 
Chairman 
23 August 2018 
Mr Andres Kitter ...................................................... 
Member 
20 December 2013 
Mr Indrek Nuume ..................................................... 
Member 
2 February 2009 
Mr Jüri Heero ........................................................... 
Member 
19 December 2007 
Mr Meelis Paakspuu ................................................. 
Member 
1 September 2015 
Mr Martti Singi......................................................... 
Member 
12 June 2012 
The term of all current members of the Management Board expires on 20 September 2022. 
Ms Kadri Kiisel 
Ms Kiisel is a member of the Management Board of the Bank. She was born in 1981 and holds an MBA 
degree in finance from the University of Tartu.  
Ms Kadri Kiisel has worked in the Bank since 2011, starting as the manager of the Bank's Tallinn branch 
and continuing as the head of branches of the Bank in 2017. From 2018 to 2020 she was the sole member 
of the Management Board of AS LHV Finance and from January 2021 holds the position of chairman of 
the Supervisory Board of AS LHV Finance. She was appointed the member of the Management Board of 
the Bank in August 2018 and has been holding the position of the chairman of the Management Board since 
January 2021. She is also a member of the Management Board of the Estonian Banking Association from 
January 2021. 
Mr Andres Kitter 
Mr Kitter leads the financial intermediaries business and also heads the Bank's UK branch. Mr Kitter was 
born in 1978. He obtained a master's degree from the Faculty of Economics and Business Administration 
of the University of Tartu in 2003.  
Between 2000 and 2007, Mr Kitter worked for AS SEB Ühisliising, holding several different positions in 
the company. Before assuming his position in the Bank as the Head of Retail Banking in 2013, he served 
as a payment operations manager and partner relations manager in Skype Technologies OÜ. In the past he 
has been a member of the Management Board of Kingu OÜ. 
Mr Indrek Nuume

--- Page 124 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Mr Nuume is a member of the Management Board and the Head of Corporate Banking of the Bank. Mr 
Nuume was born in 1976 and obtained a master's degree from the Faculty of Economics and Business 
Administration of the University of Tartu in 2002. Before joining the Bank, Mr Nuume worked for Danske 
Bank A/S Estonian Branch as the Head of Corporate Banking between 1998 and 2009. He is also a member 
of the Supervisory Board of the non-profit organisation SA Tilsi LK Fond. 
Mr Jüri Heero 
Mr Heero is a member of the Management Board and the Head of IT of the Bank. Mr Heero was born in 
1977 and holds a degree in economics from the Faculty of Economics and Business Administration of the 
University of Tartu awarded to him in 1999. During his professional career, Mr Heero worked as a software 
developer and consultant in several companies. Additionally, between 2000 and 2004, he was a member of 
the Supervisory Board of AS Cognitive Dynamics, and from 2005 to 2009, he served as a member of the 
Management Board of OÜ Heero Invest.  
Mr Heero joined the Group in 2004 as the Head of IT and has been participating in the management of the 
Group since 2006. From 2006 to 2007, he served as a member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank and 
since 2007 he has been a member of the Management Board of the Bank. 
Mr Meelis Paakspuu 
Mr Paakspuu is the member of the Management Board of, and the Chief Financial Officer of, the Bank. He 
was born in 1974 and graduated from the University of Tartu in 1996 with a degree in economics.  
During his professional career, Mr Paakspuu worked as the chief analyst of the Banking Supervision of the 
Bank of Estonia between 1996 and 1998 and in different positions in the treasury department of Swedbank 
AS (formerly AS Hansapank) including as Head of Treasury from 1998 to 2012. Before joining the Bank, 
Mr Paakspuu served as the Chief Financial Officer of DNB Pank AS from 2012 to 2015. In the past he has 
been a member of the Management Board of MP Advisory OÜ and Estonian Banking Association. 
Mr Martti Singi 
Mr Singi is a member of the Management Board and the Chief Risk Officer of the Bank. Mr Singi was born 
in 1974 and holds a master's degree in international business administration from the Estonian Business 
School awarded to him in 2009.  
Before assuming his current position in the Bank in 2012, Mr Singi served at AS Swedbank as the Head of 
Group Credit Risk Control from 2007 to 2009 and as the Head of Risk Control from 2009 to 2012. Between 
2000 and 2007, Mr Singi held different positions in SEB Group. 
Supervisory Board 
Role and duties 
In accordance with the Estonian Commercial Code, the Supervisory Board is responsible for strategic 
planning and supervising the activities of the Management Board. The Supervisory Board is accountable 
to the shareholders acting through the General Meeting. 
In accordance with the Estonian Commercial Code and the Articles and Association, before the annual 
General Meeting of shareholders is held, the Supervisory Board must review the annual report and provide 
the General Meeting of shareholders with a written report on the annual report, indicating whether the

--- Page 125 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
Supervisory Board approves the report and also providing information on how the Supervisory Board has 
organised and supervised the Bank's activities during the year. 
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the competence and obligations of the Supervisory Board 
include: 
(i) 
the approval of the Bank's strategy and general principles of operation; 
(ii) 
the approval of the Bank's credit and investment policy; 
(iii) 
the approval of the Bank's general risk management policies and strategy; 
(iv) 
the approval of the Bank's organisational structure and its principles; 
(v) 
the approval of the general principles of supervision of the Bank's operations; 
(vi) 
the election and recalling of members of the Management Board, the Chairman of the Management 
Board, the deputy to the Chairman of the Management Board and procurators, and the remuneration 
of such persons; 
(vii) 
the approval of the statutes of the internal audit unit of the Bank, the election and recalling of the 
head of the internal audit unit and, upon the proposal of the head of the internal audit unit, the 
election and recalling of the employees of the internal audit unit; 
(viii) the approval of the Bank's budget and investment plan; 
(ix) 
the establishment and closure of foreign branches; 
(x) 
the acquisition (including increase of shareholding in) and disposal (including reducing of 
shareholding in) of legal entities (including establishment and liquidation of legal entities), if the 
volume of such transaction exceeds 10 per cent. of the Banks' own fund or the other entity's share 
capital or where the said threshold is reached with such transaction; 
(xi) 
the approval of the general principles and competence of the credit committee; 
(xii) 
approving the conclusion of transactions that lie outside the Bank's ordinary scope of business; 
(xiii) approving the conclusion of transactions with members of the Management Board of the Bank and 
appointing the Bank's representatives for such transactions, in accordance with applicable law; 
(xiv) the submission of claims against members of the Management Board of the Bank and appointing 
the Bank's representatives for such claims; 
(xv) 
determining the agenda of the General Meeting (where prescribed by law); and 
(xvi) approving other matters in the competence of the Supervisory Board under law and the Articles of 
Association.  
Members of the Supervisory Board 
According to the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board comprises five to seven members who are 
appointed by the General Meeting of shareholders for a period of up to five years. The members of the

--- Page 126 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Supervisory Board elect among themselves a Chairman of the Supervisory Board who is responsible for 
organising the activities of the Supervisory Board.  
According to the Articles of Association, meetings of the Supervisory Board are held as necessary, with a 
minimum of at least one meeting every three months. A meeting of the Supervisory Board is quorate if 
more than half of the members of the Supervisory Board participate and a resolution of the Supervisory 
Board is adopted if more than half of the members of the Supervisory Board who participate at the meeting 
vote in favour. In case of a tied vote, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board has a casting vote. As at the 
date of this Prospectus there are six members in the Supervisory Board as shown in the table below. 
Name 
Role 
Date 
appointment 
first registered 
Mr Madis Toomsalu ................................................. 
Chairman 
5 December 2016 
Mr Rain Lõhmus ...................................................... 
Member 
29 December 2006 
Mr Andres Viisemann .............................................. 
Member 
10 October 2007 
Mrs Tiina Mõis ......................................................... 
Member 
29 December 2006 
Mr Raivo Hein .......................................................... 
Member 
23 April 2010 
Mr Heldur Meerits .................................................... 
Member 
18 December 2008  
The terms of the current members of the Supervisory Board expire as follows: Madis Toomsalu and Heldur 
Meerits (5 December 2021), Andres Viisemann and Raivo Hein (20 September 2022) and Rain Lõhmus 
and Tiina Mõis (31 December 2024). 
Mr Madis Toomsalu 
Mr Toomsalu was born in 1982. Mr Toomsalu obtained a Bachelor's degree in business management from 
the Tallinn University of Technology in 2009 and Master's degree in 2011 in public finance. In addition to 
holding the position of Chairman of the Bank's Supervisory Board, Mr Toomsalu is also the sole member 
of LHV Group's Management Board and the Chairman of the supervisory board of AS LHV Varahaldus 
and of the supervisory board of AS LHV Kindlustus. Previously Mr Toomsalu has held various positions 
within LHV Group. Mr Toomsalu also acts as the member of the Management Board of non-profit 
organisations MTÜ FinanceEstonia. 
Mr Rain Lõhmus 
Mr Lõhmus was born in 1966. He graduated from the Tallinn Technical University in 1988 where he 
obtained a degree in economics. In 1999, he attended the General Manager Program at the Harvard Business 
School. During his professional career, Mr Lõhmus worked as an investment banker and served as a 
member of the Management Board of several companies, including Osaühing Zarenor Invest from 2002 
until 2012. He has been engaged with the Group since it was established in 1999 and was one of its founders. 
Currently Mr Lõhmus serves as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Company and as a member 
of the Supervisory Boards of LHV Pank and LHV Finance. Additionally, he holds the position of the 
member of the Management Board of AS Lõhmus Holdings, OÜ Umblu Records, Osaühing Merona 
Systems and Zerospotnrg OÜ; and is a member of the Supervisory Board of Arco Vara AS, Kodumaja AS 
and Thermory AS. In the past he has held the position of member of the Supervisory Board of 
Kodumajagrupi AS, AS Audentes, AB Archyvų sistemos (previously AS Arhiivikeskus) and AS LH 
Capital and the position of member of the Management Board of OÜ Cuber Technology.

--- Page 127 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Mr Andres Viisemann 
Mr Viisemann was born in 1968. Mr Viisemann obtained a degree in finance from the University of Tartu 
in 1992. He also holds an MBA degree from INSEAD in 1997. During his professional career, Mr 
Viisemann worked as an investment manager and served as a member of the Management Board of 
numerous companies. He has been engaged with the Group since its establishment in 1999 and was one of 
its founders. Within the Group, in addition to his position as a member of the Supervisory Board, he is also 
a member of the Supervisory Boards of LHV Pank and LHV Varahaldus. He is also a member of the 
Management Board of Viisemann Holdings OÜ and Viisemann Investments AG and a member of the 
Supervisory Board of AS Fertilitas and non-profit organisation Rocca al Mare Kooli Sihtasutus. In the past, 
he has been a member of the Supervisory Board of Rocca al Mare Koolimaja AS, AS Viimsi Haigla, AS 
LH Capital and a member of the Management Board of Pealinna Spordiklubi and OÜ Miura Investeeringud. 
Mrs Tiina Mõis 
Mrs Mõis was born in 1957. Mrs Mõis holds degrees in econometrics and organisation of service and 
economic engineering from the Tallinn Technical University awarded to her in 1980. From 1991 to 1999 
she worked as the Chief Accountant and a member of the Management Board of the predecessor of AS 
Swedbank (operating under the business name AS Hansapank). Since 1999, she has been a member of the 
Management Board and the Managing Director of AS Genteel, her wholly-owned investment vehicle. 
Within the Group, she is also a member of the Supervisory Board of LHV Pank. In addition, she is a member 
of the Supervisory Board of AS Baltika and Rocca al Mare Kooli Aktsiaselts. She has also been a member 
of the Supervisory Board of Green Clay Manufacturing OÜ, Rocca al Mare Kooli SA, SA Tallinna 
Tehnikaülikooli Arengufond, AS Martinson Trigon, Rocca al Mare Kooli AS, Rocca al Mare Koolimaja 
AS, HTB Investeeringute OÜ, Nordecon AS and a member of the Management Board of Tallinna 
Tehnikaülikooli Vilistlaskogu and the Estonian Chamber of Commerce and Industry. 
Mr Raivo Hein 
Mr Hein was born in 1966. Mr Hein holds a degree in road construction from the Tallinn Technical 
University awarded to him in 1991. He worked as a member of the Management Board of AS Starman 
(current business name Elisa Teleteenused AS) between 1997 and 1999 and again between 2001 and 2003. 
He was the head of the entrepreneurship department of the City of Tallinn between 2000 and 2002. Between 
2000 and 2008, he served as a member of the Management Board of AS CV Keskus. Within the Group, he 
also serves as the member of the Supervisory Board of LHV Pank. In addition to his participation in the 
management of the Group, he is a member of the Management Board of Zerospotnrg OÜ, E-Finance OÜ, 
Higgsi Boson OÜ, Desoksüribonukleiinhape DNA OÜ, OÜ Kakssada Kakskümmend Volti, Lame Maakera 
OÜ, Kuu on Päike OÜ, Kõver Aegruum OÜ and OÜ Saarte Sillad. He is a member of the Supervisory 
Board of AS Puumarket.  In the past he has been a member of the Supervisory Board of Aktsiaselts Fix 
Ideed Estonia, Moonfish Media OÜ and United Dogs and Cats OÜ; the Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
of OÜ Tarbegaas and a member of the Management Board of Sundog Media OÜ. 
Mr Heldur Meerits 
Mr Meerits was born in 1959. Mr Meerits obtained a degree in finance and credit from the University of 
Tartu in 1982. During his professional career Mr Meerits worked for the Estonian National Bank between 
1988 and 1991 and between 1995 and 1997. Between 1991 and 1995 he worked for the predecessor of AS 
Swedbank (operating under the business names AS Hoiupank and AS Hansapank). From 1999 to 2002, Mr 
Meerits served as a state official working for the Government Office. Since 2002, he has been engaged in 
investing through his wholly-owned investment vehicle, Amalfi AS. Within the Group, in addition to his

--- Page 128 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
position as a member of the Supervisory Board, he is also a member of the Supervisory Board of LHV 
Pank. Mr Meerits is a member of the Management Board of AS Altamira and AS Amalfi and a member of 
the Supervisory Board of Kodumaja AS, AS Smart City Group and non-profit organisations SA Dharma, 
SA Tähelaps and SA Põltsamaa Ühisgümnaasiumi Toetusfond. In the past he has been a member of the 
Supervisory Board of AS Audentes, Green Clay Manufacturing OÜ, Steri AS, Mainor Ülemiste AS, AS 
Ecosalvager, AS Estonian Air and a member of the Management Board of SIA Valdemara Group, MTÜ 
Eesti Eraüldhariduskoolide Ühendus, AS Avatud Eesti Fond and Sihtasutus Teater NO99. 
General Meeting 
The General Meeting is the highest governing body of the Bank. The competence of the General Meeting 
includes: 
(i) 
approving any amendment to the Articles of Association; 
(ii) 
approving any increase and reduction of share capital; 
(iii) 
approving the issue of convertible bonds; 
(iv) 
approving the election, and removal, of members of the Supervisory Board; 
(v) 
approving the election of an auditor; 
(vi) 
approving the conduct of a special audit; 
(vii) 
approving annual reports and the distribution of profits; 
(viii) approving the dissolution, merger, division or transformation of the Bank; 
(ix) 
approving the conclusion, and terms and conditions, of transactions with members of the 
Supervisory Board, determining the conduct of legal disputes with members of the Supervisory 
Board and the appointment of a representative of the Bank in such transactions and disputes; and 
(x) 
approving other matters within the competence of the General Meeting by law. 
An ordinary General Meeting must be held once a year and within six months from the end of the financial 
year, pursuant to the procedures and at the time set forth by law and the Articles of Association.  
An extraordinary General Meeting must be convened as set forth in the Articles of Association but also: (i) 
where the net equity of a company decreases below the legally required minimum level, or (ii) if 
shareholders representing at least one-tenth of the share capital, the Supervisory Board, or the Bank's 
auditor request that a meeting is convened or (iii) if the General Meeting is required in the interests of the 
Bank. If the Management Board fails to convene an extraordinary General Meeting within one month after 
the receipt of the relevant request from shareholders (or from the Supervisory Board or from the auditor), 
the shareholders (or, respectively, the Supervisory Board or the auditor) have the right to convene the 
General Meeting themselves. 
The General Meeting will be quorate if shareholders holding shares representing more than 50 per cent. of 
the total voting rights represented by all shares held by shareholders are present at the General Meeting. If 
this quorum requirement is not met, the Management Board is required to convene a new meeting not more

--- Page 129 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
than three weeks, but not less than seven days, after the date of the initial meeting. There are no quorum 
requirements applicable to an adjourned General Meeting convened in such a manner. 
Save as otherwise specified, a resolution of the General Meeting will be passed by a majority of the 
shareholders eligible to vote at such meeting voting in favour of such resolution. Certain resolutions, such 
as approving an amendment to the Articles of Association, increasing or decreasing the share capital and 
resolutions relating to a merger or liquidation of the Bank require a qualified majority of at least two-thirds 
of the votes represented at the General Meeting. In addition to such resolutions, there are resolutions which 
require an even higher rate of affirmative votes of shareholders, such as excluding the shareholders' 
preferential right to subscribe for new shares upon an increase of the share capital, which requires the 
affirmative vote of three-quarters of the votes represented at the General Meeting, and the "squeeze-out" of 
minority shares, which requires the affirmative vote of ninety-five per cent. of the votes represented at the 
General Meeting. 
Committees 
The Bank has two principal Supervisory Board committees, each established at the end of 2019, and one 
committee established jointly with the supervisory board of LHV Group: 
Risk and Capital committee  
This committee, which was previously a committee of the LHV Group supervisory board but was formed 
at the Bank level in December 2019 following amendments to the Estonian Credit Institutions Act, advises 
and supports the Supervisory Board with regard to supervision of the general, actual and future risk appetite 
and strategy, considering all types of risk and ensuring their compliance with the business strategy, 
objectives, business practice and values.  
The Risk and Capital Compliance committee has four members: Rain Lõhmus (Chairman), Andres 
Viisemann, Tiina Mõis and Madis Toomsalu.  Under its charter, it should meet at least four times a year. 
Nomination committee 
This committee supports the Supervisory Board in issues concerning the selection process and fit-and-
proper requirements. 
The Nomination committee has three members: Madis Toomsalu (chairman), Rain Lõhmus and Andres 
Viisemann.  Under its charter, it should meet at least once a year. 
Remuneration committee 
This committee, which is a body formed jointly by the supervisory boards of LHV Group and the Bank, 
supports the supervisory boards in developing, implementing and supervising the remuneration strategy of 
the employees and members of the management boards of LHV Group and the Bank.  
The Remuneration committee has three members appointed and removed by LHV Group's supervisory 
Board: Madis Toomsalu (chairman), Rain Lõhmus and Andres Viisemann.  Under its charter, it should 
meet at least once a year. 
The Bank also has three principal Management Board committees: 
Risk Client Acceptance committee

--- Page 130 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
This committee advises and supports the Management Board in relation to accepting clients who are 
categorised with higher risk regarding AML related issues.  
The Risk Client Acceptance committee has three members nominated by the Management Board.  It meets 
as often as required and usually at least once a week.  
Assets and Liabilities Management committee 
This committee develops and monitors the implementation of (i) risk management policies (except credit 
risk policies); (ii) risk management rules and guidelines (except credit risk rules); (iii) financing policies 
and guidelines; and (iv) capital and dividend management policies. The Asset and Liabilities Management 
Committee also reviews the detailed monthly risk reports and the performance of the Bank's overall 
business continuity plans and the results of tests performed. 
The Assets and Liabilities Management committee has eight members: Ms Kadri Haldre, Ms Kadri Kiisel, 
Mr Andres Kitter, Mr Indrek Nuume, Mr Jüri Heero, Mr Meelis Paakspuu and Mr Martti Singi. 
Under its charter, it should meet at least 12 times a year. 
Credit committee 
This committee manages the Bank's credit risk through its approval of the granting and extension of loans 
above the limit determined in the Bank's Credit Risk Policy (being, as at the date of this Prospectus, EUR 
500,000). The credit committee is accountable to the Management Board. Its working procedures and 
competence are established by the Supervisory Board and its members are appointed by the Management 
Board. It is required to have a minimum of five members. 
The credit committee meets on a regular basis, with the frequency of meetings determined by the chair of 
the credit committee as necessary. 
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the meetings of the credit committee are private. A meeting 
of the credit committee is quorate where more than half of the members of the committee are present at the 
meeting and a decision of the credit committee is adopted where all members of the committee who are 
present at the meeting vote unanimously in favour of the decision. Members of the credit committee may 
not refrain from voting nor remain undecided. 
Conflicts of interest 
There are no known actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties of any of the members of the 
Management Board and the Supervisory Board named above to the Bank and their private interests or other 
duties. 
EMPLOYEES 
As at 31 December 2020, the Bank employed 472 full time equivalent staff, compared to 396 as at 31 
December 2019 and 345 as at 31 December 2018. LHV Group employed 513 full time equivalent staff as 
at 31 December 2020. 
The Bank's remuneration policy seeks to ensure fair, motivating and transparent remuneration in accordance 
with the law. A broader goal of the remuneration policy is the recruitment of employees with the 
capabilities, skills and experience necessary to implement the Bank's strategy, reconcile the interests of

--- Page 131 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
employees and shareholders, motivate the employees and ensure effective risk management for growing 
business activities. The remuneration system consists of basic remuneration, compensation and employee 
benefits. The Bank does not provide its employees with services at a lower than the market price, does not 
make payments to a third pillar pension fund at the expense of the employer and does not provide benefits 
such as a company car, a mobile phone or a laptop for personal use. 
The general remuneration strategy is to ensure motivating pay to achieve long-term goals, creating a strong 
link between remuneration and the financial results of the Bank. 
The Bank's recruitment strategy is to find, engage and keep the best people in the labour market. In 
determining remuneration, the Bank is prepared to make exceptions rather than restricting its choices with 
strict remuneration intervals for a specific position. To keep its employees, the Bank seeks to develop its 
benefits and compensation in cooperation with its employees. 
In determining remuneration, the following factors are taken into account: 
• 
commitment and results of the employee; 
• 
workload; 
• 
responsibility; 
• 
the required level of education; 
• 
management level; 
• 
intensity of work; 
• 
the necessary knowledge and experience for the position; 
• 
the existence of additional benefits; 
• 
the situation in the labour market; 
• 
the pay level of the geographical location; and 
• 
the level of criticality of the position. 
The determination of the amount of remuneration is objective and is paid according to the work done and 
its value, not according to the personality, gender, age, origin, or other factors personal to the employee.

--- Page 132 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
FINANCIAL REVIEW 
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the information set out in 
"Presentation of financial and other information", "Selected financial information" and the Financial 
Statements. 
The discussion of the Bank's consolidated financial condition and results of operations is based upon the 
Financial Statements which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. This discussion contains 
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Bank's actual results could differ 
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, 
including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, particularly under the heading 
"Risk factors". 
See "Presentation of financial and other information" for a discussion of the source of the numbers 
presented in this section and certain other relevant information. 
OVERVIEW 
The Bank is the third largest bank in Estonia with a 17 per cent. market share in deposits and a 13 per cent. 
market share in corporate loans, in each case according to adjusted data7 provided by the EFSA as at 31 
December 2020.  
The Bank is an Estonian licensed credit institution offering banking services to corporate and retail clients 
in Estonia.  In addition to branches in Tallinn and Tartu, the Bank also: 
• 
has a 65 per cent. owned subsidiary which provides consumer finance and hire purchase services in 
Estonia; and 
• 
has a London branch which was established in 2018.  
The Bank has an ambitious growth strategy with the long-term aim of becoming the largest bank in Estonia. 
To achieve this, it intends to continue focusing on efficiency, profitability, innovation and the provision of 
the best possible service. 
In February 2021 it was announced by an independent survey company, Dive, that the Bank offered the 
best service in Estonian banking with a score of 98 per cent.  In July 2020, Euromoney identified the Bank 
as the best bank in Estonia for the third consecutive year.   
PRINCIPAL FACTORS AFFECTING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
The following is a discussion of the principal factors that have affected, or are expected to affect, the Bank's 
results of operations. 
 
Economic conditions 
The Bank is an Estonian bank primarily focused on lending to, and accepting deposits from, commercial 
and retail customers, principally those located or resident in Estonia. As a result, its revenue and results of 
operations are principally affected by economic and market conditions in Estonia. 
                                                          
7  Source: EFSA, adjusted for the Latvian and Lithuanian branches of Luminor (based on Luminor Q4 
2020 Interim report). The values of the Estonian total markets have been adjusted by deducting the 
assets and deposits of the Latvian and Lithuanian branches of Luminor in order to reflect more 
accurately the size of the relevant Estonian market.

--- Page 133 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
Based on data released by the Estonian Central Bank and the Estonian Statistical Office, Estonia's nominal 
GDP was €25.9 billion in 2018, €28.1 billion in 2019 and €27.2 billion in 2020. The Estonian Central 
Bank’s forecast of nominal GDP for 2021 is €28.2 billion. In real terms, Estonia’s GDP grew by 5.0 per 
cent. in 2019 and fell by 2.9 per cent. in 2020 due to the Coronavirus pandemic. The Estonian Central 
Bank’s forecast of real GDP growth in 2021 is 2.7%. The forecast relies on the assumptions that the business 
and movement restrictions imposed on the economy in March 2021 remain in place until the beginning of 
May and are then lifted. The vaccine roll-out is expected to reach a peak by the end of second quarter in 
2021 and in the second half of the year a more rapid recovery of the economy is expected to take place. 
Based on the same forecast, exports are expected to grow by 4.2 per cent., private consumption by 3.5 per 
cent. and the unemployment rate should stay around 8 per cent. in 2021. Subject to the spread of the virus 
being contained and no new waves emerging during the fall season in 2021, it is expected that all of these 
economic indicators will improve further in 2022. These projections still include more than the usual 
amount of uncertainty as they rely heavily on the outcome of the vaccination process. If the restrictions 
resulting from the spread of the Coronavirus remain in place for longer than assumed, the economic 
recovery will be slower. For further information, see "Market Environment – Estonian macroeconomic 
environment". 
Prior to the sudden economic shock caused by the spread of the Coronavirus, the Estonian economy was 
on an upward although decelerating growth path. Unemployment had decreased to 4.4 per cent. of the 
labour force in 2019 (which is essentially an indicator of full employment). Private consumption 
expenditure showed stable growth of between 3 per cent. and 4 per cent. in the period from 2017 to 2019.  
Private consumption was supported by high levels of consumer confidence and an improved financial 
situation for families, reflecting salary growth and high levels of employment. On the downside, consumer 
price inflation, which remained steady at 3.4 per cent. in each of 2017 and 2018, fell to 2.3 per cent. in 
2019, but is still one of the highest in the Eurozone. 
In the event that the Coronavirus is contained in the near future, the Estonian economy has all the premises 
for a swift recovery. In the long-run, the Estonian economy is facing structural challenges as one of its key 
components, the oil shale energy sector, is becoming steadily less competitive due to its large carbon 
footprint. Estonia will receive more than €300 million from the New Generation EU Just Transition Fund 
to be used for transitioning its carbon based energy production towards more climate friendly activities. 
The construction sector faces times of extremely high demand as several big national infrastructure projects 
(for example, Rail Baltic, 4-way highways and a new Tallinn Hospital) are planned to be executed in 
approximately the same time period. The housing market faces a challenge of falling demand as the low 
birth rate during the 1990s is feeding the market with fewer 30-35 year olds who are one of the prime age 
groups buying real estate. On a more positive note, financing conditions remain favourable for both 
households and businesses and governments and central banks are more committed than ever to stimulate 
economic recovery and growth in the coming years.  
Loan portfolio acquisitions in 2019 and 2020 
In January 2019, the Bank acquired a €13 million loan portfolio from Versobank for €12 million. In 
November 2019, the Bank acquired a €432 million private loan portfolio from Danske Bank for a price of 
€393 million. Versobank's loan portfolio contained 20 business customers and 47 private customers. 
Danske Bank's loan portfolio contained approximately 10,800 private customers, with mortgage loans 
comprising 97 per cent. of the portfolio. The Bank considers the Danske Bank credit portfolio to be strong 
and well-secured. As the interest rates of the Danske Bank housing loans were relatively close to cost price, 
the portfolio could only be purchased at a discount. The transaction significantly improved and diversified 
the structure of the Bank's loan portfolio, balancing the corporate loan portfolio.  
In October 2020, the Bank acquired a €273 million credit portfolio of corporate and public sectors credits 
from Danske Bank for a price of €254 million, i.e the Bank purchased the portfolio at a discount to the 
nominal value of the loans. The portfolio consisted of loans to 346 business clients, 252 apartment

--- Page 134 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
associations and 80 public sector customers. Approximately 56 per cent. of the portfolio consisted of loans 
to local municipalities.  
The acquisitions contributed to the growth of the Bank’s loan volumes in 2019 and 2020. The Bank's loan 
volumes grew by 31 per cent. and by 84 per cent. in 2020 and 2019 and reached €2,209 million and €1,687 
million as at the end of the years, respectively. As at 31 December 2020, the loans to corporate clients made 
up 62 per cent. of the total loan portfolio while loans to private individuals made up 39 per cent. of the total 
portfolio.   
Factors affecting total net operating revenues 
The Bank's total net operating revenues principally comprises its net interest income and, to a lesser extent, 
its net fee and commission income.  The Bank's total net operating revenues (which comprises net interest 
income, net fee and commission income and net gains from financial assets) amounted to €88.3 million in 
2020, €60.9 million in 2019 and €50.6 million in 2018.  The Bank's net interest income comprised 78.2 per 
cent. of its total net operation revenues in 2020, 78.6 per cent. in 2019 and 77.1 per cent. in 2018 whilst its 
net fee and commission income comprised 20.8 per cent. of its total net operation revenues in 2020, 21.0 
per cent. in 2019 and 21.9 per cent. in 2018. 
Within the Bank's net interest income: 
• 
interest income on loans to companies (including retail loans) is the major contributor to total interest 
income, comprising 53.0 per cent. of the Bank’s total interest income in 2020, 60.5 per cent. in 2019 
and 60.7 per cent. in 2018. Interest income on consumer loans and mortgage loans comprised 9.4 per 
cent. and 20.6 per cent., respectively, of the Bank’s total interest income in 2020, 11.8 per cent. and 
8.5 per cent., respectively, in 2019 and 11.6 per cent. and 3.9 per cent., respectively, in 2018; and 
• 
interest expense paid on deposits from customers and loans received is a major contributor to total 
interest expense, comprising 39.2 per cent. of the Bank’s total interest expense in 2020, 41.3 per cent. 
in 2019 and 28.5 per cent. in 2018. Interest expense on balances with the central bank comprised 30.9 
per cent. of the Bank’s total interest expense in 2020, 31.6 per cent. in 2019 and 50.9 per cent. in 2018 
and interest expense on subordinated debt comprised 30.0 per cent. of the Bank’s total interest expense 
in 2020, 27.1 per cent. in 2019 and 20.6 per cent. in 2018. 
The Bank's net interest income is affected by a number of factors. It is primarily determined by the volume 
of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as the differential between the rates earned 
on interest-earning assets and the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
The Bank's net interest income for 2020 was €21.1 million, or 44.1 per cent., higher than its net interest 
income in 2019 which, in turn, was €8.9 million, or 22.8 per cent., higher than its net interest income in 
2018.  
For a discussion of the trends in the Bank's net interest income, see "—Results of operations—Net interest 
income". 
Within the Bank's net fee and commission income: 
• 
fees from cards and settlements is the major contributor to total fee and commission income, 
comprising 48.9 per cent. of the Bank’s total fee and commission income in 2020, 51.7 per cent. in 
2019 and 46.4 per cent. in 2018. Security brokerage and commission fees comprised 15.5 per cent. of 
the Bank’s total fee and commission income in 2020, 15.1 per cent. in 2019 and 19.5 per cent. in 2018; 
and

--- Page 135 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
• 
fees related to bank cards paid is a major contributor to total fee and commission expense, comprising 
37 per cent. of the Bank’s total fee and commission expense in 2020, 35.1 per cent. in 2019 and 35.5 
per cent. in 2018. Fees related to acquiring paid comprised 35.2 per cent. of the Bank’s total fee and 
commission expense in 2020, 35.0 per cent. in 2019 and 36.3 per cent. in 2018. 
The Bank's net fee and commission income is affected by a number of factors. Card-related fees (both 
earned and paid) are primarily determined by the amounts spent on those cards whilst acquiring fees (both 
earned and paid) are primarily determined by the volume of acquiring transactions, although in both cases 
changes in the amount of fee charged would also have a significant affect. 
The Bank's net fee and commission income for 2020 was €5.6 million, or 43.5 per cent., higher than its net 
fee and commission income in 2019 which, in turn, was €1.7 million, or 15.4 per cent., higher than its net 
fee and commission income in 2018.  
For a discussion of the trends in the Bank's net fee and commission income, see "—Results of operations—
Net fee and commission income". 
Operating expense items 
The Bank's principal operating expense items are staff costs and administrative and other operating 
expenses. Together, these expense items amounted to €36.3 million in 2020 compared to €32.5 million in 
2019 and €25.7 million in 2018, growth rates of 11.5 per cent. in 2020 and 26.3 per cent. in 2019. The 
Bank's cost income ratio8 grew from 49.9 per cent. in 2018 to 53.2 per cent. in 2019 and then fell to 40.9 
per cent. in 2020. 
The increase in the Bank's operating expenses in 2019 and 2020 principally reflected growth in its business, 
both of assets as well as liabilities. Higher business volumes necessitated a growing number of employees, 
IT expenses and various other operating expense items. For a discussion of the trends in the Bank's 
operating expenses, see "—Results of operations—Other income and expense items". 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS9 
On 20 April 2021, the Bank published the Interim Financial Statements, which are incorporated by 
reference in this document. Below is a summary of the key developments of the Bank for the period 1 
January 2021 to 31 March 2021. 
• 
In the first quarter of 2021, the Bank's net profit was €11.8 million (compared to €8.1 million in the 
first quarter of 2020. Total net operating revenues was €26.6 million (compared to €20.5 million in the 
first quarter of 2020) and operating expenses increased to €11.4 million from €9.4 million in the first 
quarter of 2020.  Impairment losses on loans and advances increased to €1.9 million compared to €1.0 
million in the first quarter of 2020. Return on equity increased to 21.8 per cent. for the first quarter of 
2021 compared to 18 per cent. for the first quarter of 2020 and 12.5 per cent. for the first quarter of 
2019. 
• 
The Bank’s deposits from customers and loans received grew significantly in the first quarter and 
reached €5,235 million as at 31 March 2021 (compared to €4,610 million as at 31 December 2020, 
representing a 13.6 per cent. increase during the quarter. The growth was principally driven by increase 
in deposits of financial intermediaries. 
                                                          
8  
The sum of staff costs and administrative and other operating expenses divided by the sum of net interest income, net fee and 
commission income, net gains from financial assets and other income. 
9 
Section to be updated once Q1 results are available.

--- Page 136 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
• 
The Bank’s total loans and advances to customers increased to €2,304 million as at 31 March 2021 
(compared to €2,209 million as at 31 December 2020, representing a 4.3 per cent. increase during the 
quarter). The growth was principally driven by an increase in loans to corporates. 
• 
The more severe restrictions introduced in Estonia in March 2021 related to the Coronavirus pandemic 
have had some impact on customer behaviour, for example on the number of card transactions. The 
Bank has again started offering payment moratoria on simplified terms to its customers but the take-
up of the option of a grace period by customers has been muted so far. Credit ratings of some corporate 
customers impacted by the restrictions have been downgraded leading to additional impairment 
charges. However, the Bank’s overall asset quality remains strong and the share of loans past due 
continues to be low.  
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS.  For a discussion of the significant 
accounting policies applied by the Bank generally, see note 2 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES 
In preparing the Bank's financial statements, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments 
and assumptions. These affect the reported amounts of the Bank's assets and liabilities, including disclosure 
of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of 
its revenues and expenses during the periods presented.  Management bases its estimates and assumptions 
on historical experience and other factors that it believes to be reasonable at the time the estimates and 
assumptions are made and evaluates the estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis.  However, future 
events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty and the determination of appropriate estimates 
and assumptions requires the use of judgment. Actual outcomes may differ from any estimates or 
assumptions made and such differences may be material to the financial statements.   
For a discussion of the most significant accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions made in the 
preparation of the Bank's financial statements, see note 4 to the 2020 Financial Statements, which identifies, 
as the most significant factor, the estimated and assumptions required in applying IFRS 9. 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
Net interest income 
The Bank's net interest income is the difference between its interest income and its interest expense. 
The Bank's interest income comprises the interest it receives on: 
• 
the loans that it advances to customers (including corporate loans, consumer loans, mortgage loans, 
private loans, credit card loans, and leveraged loans and lending of securities); and 
• 
hire purchase transactions; 
• 
leasing transactions; 
• 
debt securities it holds; and 
• 
balances it places with credit institutions and investment companies (including its minimum reserve 
requirements with the Estonian Central Bank). 
The Bank's interest expense comprises the interest it pays on:

--- Page 137 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
• 
customer deposits and loans received; 
• 
balances with the central bank, reflecting the negative yield on those balances; and 
• 
subordinated debt which it has borrowed. 
The Bank recognises interest income and interest expense using the effective interest method, which is 
explained in note 2.16 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
The table below shows the breakdown of the Bank's net interest income in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ thousand) 
Interest income 
 
 
 
Loans to companies (including retail 
loans) ......................................................  
46,834 
37,130 
27,701(1) 
of which, stage 3 interests(1) ...................  
129 
164 
340 
Mortgage loans .......................................  
18,170 
5,248 
1,761(1) 
Consumer loans ......................................  
8,314 
7,240 
5,313 
Hire purchase .........................................  
3,708 
3,968 
4,055 
Leasing ...................................................  
4,329 
3,253 
2,439 
Credit card loans.....................................  
849 
813 
770 
Leveraged loans and lending of securities
 ................................................................  
753 
500 
456 
From balances with credit institutions 
and investment companies......................  
33 
270 
141 
From debt securities ...............................  
(435) 
356 
136 
Private loan 
2,109 
1,744 
1,514 
Other loans .............................................  
3,710 
891 
1,336(1) 
Total interest income ............................  
88,374 
61,413 
45,622 
Interest expense 
 
 
 
Deposits from customers and loans 
received ..................................................  
(7,569) 
(5,579) 
(1,881) 
From balances with central bank ............  
(5,966) 
(4,265) 
(3,360) 
Subordinated debt ...................................  
(-5,792) 
(3,654) 
(1,360) 
Total interest expense ...........................  
(19,327) 
(13,498) 
(6,601) 
Net interest income ...............................  
69,047 
47,915 
39,021 
______ 
Note: 
(1)  
In 2018, the LHV Group sold a small discontinued business. The comparative figures of the Bank for 2018 
included in the relevant notes to the 2019 Financial Statements are not directly comparable with the 
equivalent figures for 2018 included in the relevant notes to the Bank’s audited consolidated financial 
statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2018 (the "2018 Financial Statements") due to 
reclassification of interest income from the discontinued business between the separate lines. The 2018 
figures noted in the table above are derived from the 2019 Financial Statements. Additionally, in its 2018 
Financial Statements, the Bank included mortgage loans aggregated with other loans under "Other loans". In 
its 2019 Financial Statements the Bank started showing these loans on a separate line. The corresponding 
figures for 2018 have been adjusted correspondingly.

--- Page 138 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
The Bank's net interest income amounted to €69.0 million in 2020 compared to €47.9 million in 2019 and 
€39.0 million in 2018. 
2020 and 2019 compared 
The increase of €21.1 million, or 44.1 per cent., in net interest income in 2020 compared to 2019 reflected 
an increase of €27.0 million, or 43.9 per cent., in interest income and an increase of €5.8 million, or 43.2 
per cent., in interest expense. 
The €27.0 million increase in interest income in 2020 principally reflected: 
• 
a €12.9 million, or 246.2 per cent., increase in interest income from mortgage loans from €5.2 
million in 2019 to €18.2 million in 2020, which was driven by an organic increase in the portfolio 
and the acquisition of the Danske Bank portfolio in November 2020; 
• 
a €9.7 million, or 26.1 per cent., increase in interest income from loans to companies from €37.1 
million in 2019 to €46.8 million in 2020, which was driven by an increase in loan volumes; and 
• 
a €2.8 million, or 316 per cent., increase in interest income from other loans, from €0.9 million in 
2019 to €3.7 million in 2020, which was driven by an increase in loan volumes.  
The €5.8 million increase in interest expense in 2020 principally reflected: 
• 
a €2.1 million, or 58.5 per cent., increase in interest expense on subordinated debt from €3.7 
million in 2019 to €5.8 million in 2020, which was driven by an increase in outstanding 
subordinated loans;  
• 
a €2.0 million, or 35.7 per cent., increase in interest expense on deposits from customers and loans 
received from €5.6 million in 2019 to €7.6 million in 2020, which was driven by an increase in 
the volume of deposits and other liabilities being issued in order to fund the growing business 
volumes; and 
• 
a €1.7 million, or 39.9 per cent., increase in interest expense on balances with the central bank 
from €4.3 million in 2019 to €6.0 million in 2020, which was driven by higher balances kept in 
the Estonian Central Bank. 
2019 and 2018 compared 
The increase of €8.9 million, or 22.8 per cent., in net interest income in 2019 compared to 2018 reflected 
an increase of €15.8 million, or 34.6 per cent., in interest income and an increase of €6.9 million, or 104.5 
per cent., in interest expense.  
The €15.8 million increase in interest income in 2019 principally reflected: 
• 
a €9.4 million, or 34.0 per cent., increase in interest income from loans to companies (including retail 
loans) from €27.7 million in 2018 to €37.1 million in 2019, which was driven by an increase in 
volumes; 
• 
a €3.5 million, or 198.0 per cent., increase in interest income from mortgage loans from €1.8 million 
in 2018 to €5.2 million in 2019, which was driven by an organic increase in the portfolio and the 
acquisition of the Danske Bank portfolio in November 2019; 
• 
a €1.9 million, or 36.3 per cent., increase in interest income from consumer loans from €5.3 million 
in 2018 to €7.2 million in 2019, which was driven by an increase in volumes.

--- Page 139 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
The €6.9 million increase in interest expense in 2019 principally reflected: 
• 
a €3.7 million, or 196.6 per cent., increase in interest expense on deposits from customers and loans 
received from €1.9 million in 2018 to €5.6 million in 2019, which was driven by an increase in term 
deposits gathered for financing the Danske portfolio acquisition;  
• 
a €2.3 million, or 168.7 per cent., increase in interest expense on subordinated debt from €1.4 million 
in 2018 to €3.7 million in 2019, which was driven by an increase in outstanding subordinated loans; 
and 
• 
a €0.9 million, or 26.9 per cent., increase in interest expense on balances with the central bank from 
€3.4 million in 2018 to €4.3 million in 2019, which was driven by a lower negative ECB interest rate 
and higher balances kept in the Estonian Central Bank. 
Net fee and commission income 
The Bank's net fee and commission income is the difference between its fee and commission income and 
its fee and commission expense. 
The Bank's fee and commission income principally relates to: 
• 
the card and settlement services that its provides to customers; 
• 
its security brokerage activities; 
• 
its asset management activities; and 
• 
currency exchange services that it provides to customers. 
The Bank's fee and commission expense principally relates to: 
• 
cards; 
• 
acquiring services; 
• 
consumer loans and hire purchase costs; and 
• 
security brokerage costs. 
The Bank recognises fee and commission income and fee and commission expense after the service has 
been received and when the liability has been incurred. 
The table below shows the breakdown of the Bank's net fee and commission income in each of 2020, 2019 
and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ thousand) 
Fee and commission income 
 
 
 
Fees from cards and settlements .............  
15,226 
12,485 
8,766 
Security brokerage and commission fees  
4,825 
3,658 
3,687 
Asset management and related fees ........  
3,662 
2,962 
2,429 
Currency exchange fees .........................  
3,418 
1,867 
1,639

--- Page 140 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
Other fee and commission income .........  
4,021 
3,185 
2,381 
Total fee and commission income .......  
31,152 
24,157 
18,902 
Fee and commission expense 
 
 
 
Fees related to bank cards paid ...............  
(4,722) 
(3,979) 
(2,765) 
Fees related to acquiring paid .................  
(4,498) 
(3,967) 
(2,834) 
Fees related to consumer loans and hire 
purchase paid ..........................................  
(635) 
(674) 
(518) 
Security brokerage and commission fees 
paid .........................................................  
(1,062) 
(546) 
(544) 
Other fee and commission expense ........  
(1,852) 
(2,183) 
(1,138) 
Total fee and commission expense ......  
(12,769) 
(11,349) 
(7,799) 
Net fee and commission income ..........  
(18,383) 
12,808 
11,103 
The Bank's net fee and commission income amounted to €18.4 million in 2020 compared to €12.8 million 
in 2019 and €11.1 million in 2018. 
2020 and 2019 compared 
The increase of €5.6 million, or 43.5 per cent., in net fee and commission income in 2020 compared to 2019 
reflected an increase of €7.0 million, or 29.0 per cent., in fee and commission income and an increase of 
€1.4 million, or 12.5 per cent., in fee and commission expense. 
The €7.0 million increase in fee and commission income in 2020 principally reflected: 
• 
a €2.7 million, or 22.0 per cent., increase in fee and commission income from cards and settlements 
from €12.5 million in 2019 to €15.2 million in 2020, which was driven by an increase in business 
volumes; 
• 
a €1.6 million, or 83.1 per cent., increase in fee and commission income from currency exchange 
fees from €1.9 million in 2019 to €3.4 million in 2020, which was driven by an increase in 
volumes; and 
• 
a €1.2 million, or 31.9 per cent., increase in fee and commission income from security brokerage 
and commission fees from €3.7 million in 2019 to €4.8 million in 2020, which was driven by a 
higher number of securities transactions conducted by the Bank’s customers. 
The €1.4 million increase in fee and commission expense in 2020 principally reflected: 
• 
a €0.7 million, or 18.7 per cent., increase in fees related to bank cards paid from €4.0 million 
in 2019 to €4.7 million in 2020, which was driven by increase in the customer base and the 
volume of outstanding card transactions; 
• 
a €0.5 million, or 13.4 per cent., increase in expenses related to acquiring services from €4.0 
million in 2019 to €4.5 million in 2020, which was driven by increase in the customer base 
and the volume of outstanding card transactions; and 
• 
a €0.5 million, or 94.5 per cent., increase in security brokerage and commission fees paid from 
€0.5 million in 2019 to €1.1 million in 2020, which was driven by a higher trading volume. 
2019 and 2018 compared

--- Page 141 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
The increase of €1.7 million, or 15.4 per cent., in net fee and commission income in 2019 compared to 2018 
reflected an increase of €5.3 million, or 27.8 per cent., in fee and commission income and an increase of 
€3.5 million, or 45.5 per cent., in fee and commission expense.  
The €5.3 million increase in fee and commission income in 2019 principally reflected: 
• 
a €3.7 million, or 42.4 per cent., increase in fee and commission income from cards and settlements 
from €8.8 million in 2018 to €12.5 million in 2019, which was driven by an increase in volumes; 
• 
a €0.5 million, or 21.9 per cent., increase in other asset management and related fee income from €2.4 
million in 2018 to €3.0 million in 2019, which was driven by an increase in volumes; and 
• 
a €0.8 million, or 33.8 per cent., increase in other fee and commission income from €2.4 million in 
2018 to €3.2 million in 2019, which was driven by institutional banking transactions that closed in 
2018 and 2019, respectively. 
The €3.5 million increase in fee and commission expense in 2019 principally reflected: 
• 
a €1.2 million, or 43.9 per cent., increase in fees related to bank cards paid from €2.8 million in 2018 
to €4.0 million in 2019, which was driven by increase in the customer base and the volume of 
outstanding card transactions;  
• 
a €1.1 million, or 40.0 per cent., increase in expenses related to acquiring from €2.8 million in 2018 
to €4.0 million in 2019, which was driven by increase in the customer base and the volume of 
outstanding card transactions; and 
• 
a €1.0 million, or 91.8 per cent., increase in other fee and commission expense from €1.1 million in 
2018 to €2.2 million in 2019, which was driven by fees paid to third parties in relation to institutional 
banking transactions. 
Net gains from financial assets 
The Bank's net gains from financial assets represent fair value changes on financial assets measured at fair 
value and foreign exchange rate gains and losses. The Bank's net gains from financial assets amounted to 
€0.9 million in 2020, €0.2 million in 2019 and €0.5 million in 2018, an increase of €0.7 million, or 327.8 
per cent., in 2020 compared to 2019 and a decline of €0.3 million, or 56.2 per cent., in 2019 compared to 
2018. 
Other income and expense items 
The table below shows the Bank's other income and expense items in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ thousand) 
Staff costs ...............................................  
(21,115) 
(17,042) 
(13,878) 
Administrative and other operating 
expenses .................................................  
(15,150) 
(15,475) 
(11,865) 
Other income ..........................................  
208 
176 
951 
Total .......................................................  
(36,057) 
(32,341) 
(24,792) 
The Bank's other income and expense items amounted to €36.1 million in 2020 compared to €32.3 million 
in 2019 and €24.8 million in 2018.

--- Page 142 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
2020 and 2019 compared 
The increase of €3.7 million, or 11.5 per cent., in other income and expense items in 2020 compared to 
2019 principally reflected: 
• 
an increase of €4.1 million, or 23.9 per cent., in staff costs from €17.0 million in 2019 to €21.1 
million in 2020, principally as a result of an increase in the number of employees (the average 
number of the Bank’s staff increased by 14.8 per cent. from 405 in 2019 to 465 in 2020) and also 
due to salary increases; and 
• 
a reduction of €0.3 million, or 2.1 per cent., in administrative and other operating expenses from 
€15.5 million in 2019 to €15.2 million in 2020. This reduction principally reflected (i) a €0.5 
million, or 19.0 per cent., increase in IT expenses from €2.5 million in 2019 to €3.0 million in 
2020 driven by an increase in business volumes and expansion of the Bank’s products and services, 
(ii) a €0.1 million, or 1.3 per cent., increase in other administrative expenses from €3.2 million in 
2019 to €3.3 million in 2020 driven by an increase in business volumes generally and higher 
supervisory fees and fees to deposit insurance schemes which are also related to higher business 
volumes and a reduction in marketing expenses, training and travelling expenses, and depreciation, 
partly due to the impact of the Coronavirus pandemic which led to a reduction in business travel 
and physical customer meetings.  
2019 and 2018 compared 
The increase of €7.5 million, or 30.4 per cent., in other income and expense items in 2019 compared to 
2018 principally reflected: 
• 
an increase of €3.2 million, or 22.8 per cent., in staff costs from €13.9 million in 2018 to €17.0 million 
in 2019, principally as a result of an increase in the number of employees (the average number of the 
Bank's staff increased by 18.4 per cent. from 342 in 2018 to 405 in 2019) and an average 7 per cent. 
salary increase; and 
• 
an increase of €3.6 million, or 30.4 per cent., in administrative and other operating expenses from 11.9 
million in 2018 to €15.5 million in 2019. This increase principally reflected (i) a €1.6 million, or 140.7 
per cent., increase in depreciation expenses from €1.2 million in 2018 to €2.8 million in 2019 driven 
by the implementation of IFRS 16, (ii) a €1.5 million, or 87.8 per cent., increase in other administrative 
expenses from €1.7 million in 2018 to €3.2 million in 2019 driven by an increase in business volumes 
generally and higher supervisory fees and fees to deposit insurance schemes which are also related to 
higher business volumes and (iii) a €0.5 million, or 24.8 per cent., increase in IT expenses from €2.0 
million in 2018 to €2.5 million in 2019 driven by an increase in business volumes coupled with smaller 
increases in almost all other items of administrative and other operating expenses.  In 2019, the Bank's 
operating lease payments fell by €0.8 million, or 77.1 per cent., from €1.1 million in 2018 to €0.2 
million, driven by the introduction of IFRS 16. 
Profit before credit losses 
Reflecting the above factors, the Bank's profit before credit losses was €52.3 million in 2020 compared to 
€28.6 million in 2019 and €25.8 million in 2018, an increase of €23.7 million, or 82.8 per cent., in 2020 
and an increase of €2.8 million, or 10.8 per cent., in 2019. 
Impairment losses on loans and advances

--- Page 143 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
The Bank's impairment losses on loans and advances charged to its income statement amounted to €10.9 
million in 2020 compared to €3.2 million in 2019 and €4.9 million in 2018, an increase of €7.7 million, or 
239.5 per cent., in 2020 and a decrease of €1.7 million, or 34.2 per cent., in 2019 
The Bank's impairment allowances on loans and advances are principally recorded against its portfolio of 
corporate loans and advances (including overdraft, factoring, apartment association loans and trade 
finance), with total impairment allowances against that portfolio amounting to €13.4 million as at 31 
December 2020 compared to €3.8 million as at 31 December 2019 and €8.8 million as at 31 December 
2018, giving a total net increase of provisions against the portfolio of corporate loans and advances of €9.6 
million during 2020 and a total net decrease of provisions against the portfolio of corporate loans and 
advances of €5.2 million during 2019. In 2019, the Bank recovered a loan that had been previously written 
off in 2019 which resulted in a decrease of provisions in 2019. In 2020, the Bank increased provision for 
its loans portfolio in anticipation of potential losses due to the Coronavirus pandemic and its impact on the 
economy and on the Bank’s customers. 
Profit before income tax 
Reflecting the above factors, the Bank's profit before income tax was €41.4 million in 2020 compared to 
€25.4 million in 2019 and €20.9 million in 2018, an increase of €16.0 million, or 63.0 per cent. in 2020 and 
an increase of €4.5 million, or 21.3 per cent., in 2019. 
Income tax expenses 
The Bank's income tax expenses amounted to €6.7 million in 2020 compared to €3.3 million in 2019 and 
€2.5 million in 2018, an increase of €3.5 million, or 106.0 per cent. in 2020 and an increase of €0.8 million, 
or 30.4 per cent in 2019. In the second quarter of 2018, credit institutions in Estonia became subject to 
income tax calculated at a rate of 14 per cent. of their pre-tax profit. 
In 2019, the increase in income tax expense principally reflected the fact that the whole year was included 
in the tax calculation coupled with the Bank's higher pre-tax profitability in that year. In 2020, the increase 
in income tax expense principally reflected the Bank’s higher pre-tax profitability in that year.  
Profit for the year 
Reflecting the above factors, the Bank's profit for the year was €34.6 million in 2020 compared to €22.1 
million in 2019 and €18.4 million in 2018, an increase of €12.5 million, or 56.5 per cent., in 2020 and an 
increase of €3.7 million, or 20.1 per cent., in 2019. 
Other comprehensive income 
The Bank's other comprehensive income in each of 2019 and 2018 comprised changes in the fair value of 
equity instruments held at FVOCI. The Bank's other comprehensive income was €134 thousand in 2019 
compared to €42 thousand in 2018. In 2020, the Bank did not record other comprehensive income. 
LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING 
Overview 
The Bank's liquidity needs arise primarily as a result of the need to fund loans and advances to customers, 
the payment of expenses and dividends and investments in securities. Additionally, the Bank maintains a 
liquidity buffer the size of which is determined based on regulatory requirements and the Bank's internal 
liquidity planning framework. To date, the Bank's liquidity needs have been funded principally through 
deposits and loans received, operating cash flow, including interest and fee and commission income 
received, and the sale of investments in securities. In addition to deposits received from the Bank's

--- Page 144 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
customers in Estonia and the UK, the Bank has also been acquiring term deposits from retail depositors 
through two deposit intermediation platforms: Deposit Solutions and Raisin and through the issue of 
covered bonds and other financial instruments in the capital markets. 
Liquidity 
The table below shows the Bank's cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and financing 
activities for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ thousand) 
Cash flows from operating activities before 
changes in operating assets and liabilities .............  
50,099 
31,985 
25,259 
Net cash from/(used in) operating activities ..........  
1,375,835 
509,890 
(299,634) 
Net cash from investing activities .........................  
(291,531) 
4,426 
9,970 
Net cash from financing activities .........................  
23,631 
62,066 
16,650 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash 
equivalents .............................................................  
43 
79 
64 
Net 
increase/(decrease) 
in 
cash 
and 
cash 
equivalents .............................................................  
1,107,978 
576,461 
(272,950) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the 
year ........................................................................  
1,244,027 
667,566 
940,516 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year...  
2,352,005 
1,244,027 
667,566 
Operating activities 
The Bank's net cash inflow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities in 
2020 was €50.1 million compared to €32.0 million in 2019 and €25.3 million in 2018. The Bank's net cash 
flow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities principally reflects its net 
interest income and net fee and commission income less its administrative and other operating expenses 
(including staff costs) and income tax charge. The Bank's net cash inflow from operating activities in 2020 
was €1,375.8 million compared to a net cash inflow of €509.9 million in 2019 and net cash outflow of 
€299.6 million in 2018. The changes in the Bank's operating cash flows in each year principally reflect 
movements in operating assets (principally loans and advances to customers) and liabilities (principally 
customer deposits and loans received). The increase in operating cash flow in 2020 compared to 2019 
principally reflects the growth in customer deposits exceeding the growth of the loan portfolio. 
Additionally, operating cash flow was in 2020 boosted by new funding raised from issuance of covered 
bonds as well as participation in the TLTRO facility. 
Investing activities 
The Bank's net cash outflow from investing activities was €291.5 million in 2020 compared to a cash inflow 
of €4.4 million in 2019 and €10.0 million in 2018. 
In 2020, the Bank principally recorded a cash outflow of €289.5 million from net changes of investment 
securities at fair value through profit or loss and a cash outflow of €2.4 million on the purchase of tangible 
and intangible assets. 
In 2019, the Bank principally recorded a cash inflow of €6.5 million from net changes of fair value through 
profit and loss ("FVTPL") investment securities and a cash outflow of €2.1 million on the purchase of 
tangible and intangible assets.

--- Page 145 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
In 2018, the Bank principally recorded a cash inflow of €10.8 million from net changes of FVTPL 
investment securities and a cash outflow of €1.4 million on the purchase of tangible and intangible assets. 
Financing activities 
The Bank's net cash inflow from financing activities was €23.6 million in 2020 compared to a net cash 
inflow of €62.1 million in 2019 and €16.7 million in 2018.  
In 2020, the Bank’s net cash inflow principally reflected €25.0 million as proceeds from the issuance of 
subordinated debt and €11.0 million from additional paid in share capital which was partially offset by €7.0 
million spent on redeeming subordinated debt and €4.1 million paid out in dividends. 
In 2019, the Bank's net cash inflow principally reflected €48.5 million from subordinated debt received and 
€26.0 million from additional capital paid in by its sole shareholder which was partially offset by €8.0 
million spent redeeming subordinated debt and €3.4 million paid in dividends. 
In 2018, the Bank's net cash inflow principally reflected €10.0 million from additional capital paid in by its 
sole shareholder and €10 million from subordinated debt received which was partially offset by €3.3 million 
paid in dividends. 
Funding 
Sources of funding 
The Bank's principal source of funding is its customer deposits and loans received. In addition, the Bank's 
funding comprises subordinated debt. In 2020, the Bank completed its debut covered bond issue and 
participated in the targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTROs) by the Eurosystem.  
The Bank also has access to a pool of unencumbered and liquid debt securities that it can access to meet 
liquidity needs, in addition to its cash balances and placements with central banks and other financial 
institutions. 
The Bank's customer deposits and loans received amounted to €4,610.0 million, or 97.6 per cent. of its total 
liabilities, as at 31 December 2020, €2,738.6 million, or 96.7 per cent. of its total liabilities, as at 31 
December 2019 and €1,469.6 million, or 96.5 per cent. of its total liabilities, as at 31 December 2018.

--- Page 146 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
Customer deposits and loans received 
The table below shows the breakdown of the Bank's customer deposits and loans received by customer 
category and type as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
Individuals 
Financial 
intermediaries 
Legal entities 
Public sector 
Total 
 
(€ thousand) 
31 
December 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand deposits .  
745,304 
1,043,509 
1,447,554 
420,460 
3,656,827 
Term deposits ......  
256,764 
10,118 
194,403 
22,017 
483,302 
Loans received ....  
— 
— 
268,442 
200,000 
468,442 
Accrued 
interest 
liability ................  
1,208 
 
230 
6 
1,444 
Total ...................  
1,003,276 
1,053,627 
1,910,629 
642,483 
4,610,015 
31 
December 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand deposits .  
525,938 
376,068 
1,279,219 
20,293 
2,201,518 
Term deposits ......  
415,349 
— 
90,100 
3,100 
508,549 
Loans received ....  
— 
— 
25,643 
— 
25,643 
Accrued 
interest 
liability ................  
2,692 
— 
196 
3 
2,891 
Total ...................  
943,979 
376,068 
1,395,158 
23,396 
2,738,601 
31 
December 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand deposits .  
374,491 
193,893 
753,582 
7,935 
1,329,901 
Term deposits ......  
57,605 
— 
54,456 
5,734 
117,795 
Loans received ....  
— 
— 
21,528 
— 
21,528 
Accrued 
interest 
liability ................  
197 
 
131 
9 
337 
Total ...................  
432,293 
193,893 
829,697 
13,678 
1,469,561 
Deposit and depositor types 
The Bank's deposits principally comprise demand deposits which represented 79.3 per cent. of its total 
deposits and loans received as at 31 December 2020, 80.4 per cent. of its total deposits and loans received 
as at 31 December 2019 and 90.5 per cent. of its total deposits and loans received as at 31 December 2018.  
The Bank's only other class of deposit is term deposits which are available for terms of between one month 
and one year and generally pay higher rates of interest than its demand deposits. 
As at 31 December 2020, legal entities accounted for 41.4 per cent. of the Bank’s total deposits and loans 
received, financial intermediaries accounted for 22.9 per cent., private individuals accounted for 21.8 per 
cent. and the public sector account for 13.9 per cent. of the Bank’s total deposits and loans received. 
As at 31 December 2019, legal entities accounted for 50.9 per cent. of the Bank's total deposits and loans 
received, individuals accounted for 34.5 per cent., financial intermediaries accounted for 13.7 per cent. and 
the public sector accounted for the balance.

--- Page 147 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018, legal entities accounted for 56.5 per cent. of the Bank's total deposits and loans 
received, individuals accounted for 29.4 per cent., financial intermediaries accounted for 13.2 per cent. and 
the public sector accounted for the balance.  
The increase in the Bank's loans received as at 31 December 2020 compared to 31 December 2019 
principally reflected the issuance of covered bonds in the amount of €250 million and the Bank’s 
participation in the Eurosystem’s TLTRO in the amount of €200 million. 
Depositor concentration 
As at 31 December 2020, there were five customers whose deposits exceeded 1 per cent. of the Bank’s total 
deposits from customers and loans received and their deposits aggregated €1,069 million. As at the same 
date, the share of the Bank’s 20 largest depositors was 34.5 per cent.  
As at 31 December 2019, there were three customers whose deposits exceeded 1 per cent. of the Bank's 
total deposits from customers and loans received and their deposits aggregated €463 million. As at the same 
date, the share of the top 20 depositors was 25.3 per cent.  
As at 31 December 2018, there were six customers whose deposits exceeded 1 per cent. of the Bank's total 
deposits from customers and loans received and their deposits aggregated €189 million.  As at the same 
date, the share of the top 20 depositors was 20.5 per cent. See "Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Bank—
The Bank has significant customer and sector concentrations". 
Maturity profile 
The table below shows the Bank's customer deposits and loans received by due dates and future contractual 
undiscounted cash flows split into the maturity buckets in which the cash flows occur (including interest 
cash flows) for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
On 
demand 
Up to 3 
months 
3-12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
Over 5 
years 
Total(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
As 
at 
31 
December 2020. 
3,657,063 
99,647 
386,654 
465,776 
1,473 
4,610,613 
As 
at 
31 
December 2019  
2,201,704 
41,522 
476,248 
18,721 
2,906 
2,741,101 
As 
at 
31 
December 2018  
1,330,018 
24,949 
94,113 
16,780 
4,390 
1,470,250 
________ 
Note: 
(1) 
This figure is higher than the statement of financial position balance reflecting the future undiscounted 
contractual cash flow calculation. 
The Bank's customer deposits principally comprise demand deposits. The Bank believes that its demand 
accounts are diversified by customer type and generally sticky in nature with an average duration of two 
years based on their behavioural nature, and therefore constitute a stable and secure source of low cost 
funding.   
Interest repricing 
The majority of the Bank's demand deposits pay interest, currently at 0.01 per cent., although some client 
segments have a higher rate and some demand deposits are subject to an account balance fee which is 
effectively a negative interest rate.  The interest rate for demand deposits with a positive interest rate are 
only moderately sensitive to market rate fluctuations, particularly in the current situation where the general

--- Page 148 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
interest rate environment remains negative or very low. The Bank uses certain behavioural assumptions 
about the interest rate repricing term of its deposits depending on the type of deposit product and the type 
of the customer (except for deposits from certain financial customers where interest rate repricing is 
assumed to occur immediately). Amounts may be withdrawn from demand deposit accounts at any time 
without notice. The Bank's term deposits also pay interest, currently at 0.01 to 0.05 per cent., and amounts 
can be withdrawn from these accounts at their maturity. 
See "Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Bank—The Bank is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always 
be readily available". 
The table below shows the Bank's customer deposits and loans received Banked by the recalculation dates 
of interest rates for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3-12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Carrying 
amount (1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
As 
at 
31 
December 2020. 
974,235 
398,683 
3,235,625 
28 
4,610,015 
As 
at 
31 
December 2019  
375,862 
491,080 
1,868,767 
1 
2,738,601 
As 
at 
31 
December 2018  
136,498 
111,503 
1,221,205 
18 
1,469,561 
________ 
Note: 
(1) 
The carrying amount includes accrued interest which amounted to €1,444 thousand as at 31 December 2020, 
€2,891 thousand as at 31 December 2019 and €337 thousand as at 31 December 2018. 
Currency mix 
The Bank accepts deposits principally in euro. As at: 
• 
31 December 2020, 94.9 per cent. of its deposits from customers and loans received were denominated 
in euro, 2.7 per cent. were denominated in pounds sterling, 1.9 per cent. were denominated in U.S. 
dollars and the balance was denominated in other currencies; 
• 
31 December 2019, 97.4 per cent. of its deposits from customers and loans received were denominated 
in euro, 1.0 per cent. were denominated in pounds sterling, 0.7 per cent. were denominated in U.S. 
dollars and the balance was denominated in other currencies; and 
• 
31 December 2018, 94.1 per cent. of its deposits from customers and loans received were denominated 
in euro, 2.8 per cent. were denominated in pounds sterling, 2.0 per cent. were denominated in U.S. 
dollars and the balance was denominated in other currencies. 
Geographical distribution 
In terms of the geographical distribution of deposits from customers and loans received: 
• 
as at 31 December 2020, 70.9 per cent. were classified as Estonian, 28.1 per cent. were from other EU 
countries and the United Kingdom and 1.0 per cent. were from other countries; 
• 
as at 31 December 2019, 68.7 per cent. were classified as Estonian, 29.2 per cent. were from other EU 
countries and 2.0 per cent. were from other countries; and

--- Page 149 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
• 
as at 31 December 2018, 80.3 per cent. were classified as Estonian, 16.9 per cent. were from other EU 
countries and 2.8 per cent. were from other countries. 
In 2019, the decrease in the proportion of Estonian deposits and the increase in other EU deposits principally 
reflected deposits raised through the two deposit engagement platforms in which the Bank has participated 
since July 2018 and June 2019, respectively. In 2020, the share of Estonian deposits somewhat increased, 
reflecting the gradual reduction in the deposits raised through the two deposit engagement platforms. 
See "Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Bank—The Bank has significant customer and sector 
concentrations". 
Subordinated debt 
As at 31 December 2020 the Bank has nine issues of subordinated bonds outstanding as shown in the table 
below. 
Type of bonds 
Amount 
Interest rate 
Maturity date 
 
(€ thousand) 
(per cent.) 
 
Tier 2 
5,000 
6.50 
29 July 2026 
Tier 2 
10,000 
6.50 
28 December 2028 
Tier 2 
20,500 
6.50 
29 June 2029 
Tier 2 
5,000 
6.50 
29 October 2029 
Tier 2 
10,000 
7.00 
30 September 2030 
AT1 
2,000 
9.50 
No maturity date 
AT1 
10,000 
9.50 
No maturity date 
AT1 
21,000 
9.50 
No maturity date 
AT1 
5,000 
9.50 
No maturity date 
The bonds have been issued principally to increase the Bank's long-term capital.  In the case of a winding 
up of the Bank, the bonds are repayable after all other debt has been repaid but before shareholders. 
LENDING 
The Bank's loans and advances to customers amounted to €2,208.8 million as at 31 December 2020. The 
table below shows a breakdown of the Bank's loans and advances to customers by type of customer and 
type of loan as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ thousand) 
Loans to legal entities 
 
 
 
Corporate loans ................................................... 
1,192,803 
815,740 
640,625 
Leasing ................................................................ 
102,297 
66,060 
44,277 
Overdraft ............................................................. 
30,338 
31,193 
23,846 
Trade finance ....................................................... 
20,497 
32,761 
— 
Leveraged loans ................................................... 
5,551 
3,148 
1,997 
Credit card loans and hire-purchase .................... 
519 
679 
523 
Apartment association loans ................................ 
7,135 
— 
— 
Letters of credit ................................................... 
8,400 
5,389 
3,067 
Total .................................................................... 
1,367,540 
954,970 
714,335 
Loans to individuals 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans .................................................... 
695,204 
587,855 
101,009 
Consumer loans ................................................... 
52,202 
49,424 
33,989 
Private loans ........................................................ 
50,264 
44,776 
37,884 
Hire purchase ...................................................... 
14,294 
16,121 
17,501

--- Page 150 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
Leasing ................................................................ 
26,554 
23,427 
15,888 
Credit card loans .................................................. 
7,232 
7,263 
6,579 
Real estate leasing ............................................... 
5,027 
5,679 
— 
Leveraged loans ................................................... 
6,366 
2,840 
1,733 
Study loans .......................................................... 
974 
749 
76 
Overdraft ............................................................. 
23 
34 
43 
Total .................................................................... 
858,141 
738,168 
214,702 
Loans to related parties 
4,096 
3,290 
3,328 
Impairment provisions ......................................... 
(16,858) 
(6,104) 
(10,276) 
Total loans and advances to customers ........... 
2,208,823 
1,687,034 
918,761 
As at 31 December 2020, corporate loans accounted for 53.6 per cent. of the Bank’s total loans and advances 
to customers before impairment provisions compared to 48.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 69.0 
per cent. as at 31 December 2018. The Bank's other significant categories of loan are mortgage loans (which 
accounted for 31.2 per cent. of the Bank’s total loans and advances to customers before impairment 
provisions as at 31 December 2020 compared to 34.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 10.9 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2018) and leasing loans (which accounted for 5.8 per cent. of the Bank’s total loans and 
advances to customers before impairment provisions as at 31 December 2020 compared to 5.3 per cent. as 
at 31 December 2019 and 6.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2018). The significant increase in mortgage loans 
in 2019 principally reflected the acquisition of a portfolio of mortgage loans from Danske Bank in 
November 2019. The significant increase in the corporate loans in 2020 principally reflected organic growth 
as well as the acquisition of a portfolio of corporate and public sector loans from Danske Bank in October 
2020. 
The table below shows a breakdown of the Bank's loans and advances to customers by industry as at 31 
December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ 
thousand) 
(per cent.) 
(€ 
thousand) 
(per cent.) 
(€ 
thousand) 
(per cent.) 
Individuals ........... 
858,141 
38.6 
738,152 
43.6 
214,702 
23.1 
Real estate ........... 
498,927 
22.4 
353,405 
20.9 
246,930 
26.6 
Financial services  
69,694 
3.1 
71,690 
4.2 
95,697 
10.3 
Wholesale 
and 
retail .................... 
88,642 
4.0 
80,767 
4.8 
24,378 
2.6 
Professional, 
scientific 
and 
technical activities
 ............................. 
41,678 
1.9 
47,368 
2.8 
18,779 
2.0 
Other 
servicing 
activities .............. 
8,012 
0.4 
7,290 
0.4 
25,669 
2.8 
Transport 
and 
logistics ............... 
27,534 
1.2 
15,337 
0.9 
11,076 
1.2 
Education ............. 
16,403 
0.7 
1,976 
0.1 
2,391 
0.3 
Manufacturing ..... 
152,968 
6.9 
114,104 
6.7 
98,073 
10.6 
Administrative 
activities .............. 
74,466 
3.3 
67,064 
4.0 
39,808 
4.3 
Art 
and 
entertainment ....... 
59,184 
6.9 
42,638 
2.5 
34,582 
3.7 
Agriculture .......... 
72,398 
3.3 
59,657 
3.5 
20,231 
2.2 
Construction ........ 
45,314 
2.0 
38,951 
2.3 
35,808 
3.9 
Information 
and 
communication .... 
12,705 
0.6 
7,017 
0.4 
4,115 
0.4

--- Page 151 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
Public sector 
120,805 
5.4 
112 
0.0 
135 
0.0 
Other .................... 
78,808 
3.5 
47,610 
2.8 
56,663 
6.1 
Total 
(before 
impairment) ....... 
2,225,681 
100 
1,693,138 
100.0 
929,037 
100.0 
The Bank’s principal industry concentration is real estate.  This category principally comprises commercial 
and residential real estate developments in cities but excludes construction which constitutes a separate 
category.  The Bank also has a significant proportion of loans to individuals in its portfolio.  Real estate 
loans accounted for 22.4 per cent. of the Bank’s loans and advances to customers (before impairment) as at 
31 December 2020, compared to 20.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 26.6 per cent. as at 31 December 
2018. Loans to individuals accounted for 38.6 per cent. of the Bank's loans and advances to customers 
(before impairment) as at 31 December 2020, compared to 43.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 23.1 
per cent. as at 31 December 2018.  The increase in the proportion of loans to individuals in 2019 principally 
reflected the acquisition of a portfolio of mortgage loans from Danske Bank in November 2019, which the 
Bank has categorised as loans to individuals in the table above. Loans to public sector entities increased in 
2020, principally as a result of the acquisition of a portfolio of corporate and public sector loans from 
Danske Bank in October 2020. 
See "Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Bank—The Bank has significant customer and sector 
concentrations". 
Risk concentration 
As at 31 December 2020, loans made to five customers has a high risk concentration (that is, more than 10 
per cent. of the Bank's net own funds) either individually or at a Bank level, with the aggregate 
concentration totalling 83 per cent. of the Bank's net own funds. As at 31 December 2019, loans made to 
12 customers had a high risk concentration either individually or at a Bank level, with the aggregate 
concentration totalling 190 per cent. of the Bank's net own funds.  As at 31 December 2018, loans made to 
14 customers had a high risk concentration either individually or at a Bank level, with the aggregate 
concentration totalling 199 per cent. of the Bank's net own funds.   
Maturity profile 
The table below shows the Bank's loans and advances to customers by due dates and future contractual 
undiscounted cash flows split into the maturity buckets in which the cash flows occur (including interest 
cash flows) for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
On 
demand 
Up to 3 
months 
3-12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
Over 5 
years 
Total(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
As 
at 
31 
December 2020 ... 
— 
146,192 
329,310 
1,375,417 
741,393 
2,592,312 
As 
at 
31 
December 2019 ... 
— 
113,590 
251,806 
1,029,520 
582,889 
1,977,805 
As 
at 
31 
December 2018 ... 
— 
63,584 
198,293 
634,077 
154,853 
1,050,807 
 
Note: 
(1) 
This figure is different than the statement of financial position balance reflecting the future undiscounted 
 
contractual cash flow calculation. 
The Bank's loan and advances to customers are well diversified by maturity with 5.6 per cent. (by future 
contractual undiscounted cash flows) falling due within three months, 12.7 per cent. falling due between

--- Page 152 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
three and 12 months, 53.1 per cent. falling due between one and five years and the remaining 28.6 per cent. 
falling due after five years, in each case as at 31 December 2020.  
Interest repricing 
The Bank's loans and advances to customers bear interest at floating rate bases, mostly using a six month 
repricing period. The proportion of loans with a fixed interest rate is approximately 10 per cent. of the 
Bank’s total value of loans to customers.  
The table below shows the Bank's loans and advances to customers Banked by the recalculation dates of 
interest rates for each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3-12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
As 
at 
31 
December 2020 ... 
993,697 
1,113,053 
103,141 
10,616 
2,220,507 
As 
at 
31 
December 2019 ... 
729,768 
851,657 
84,798 
22,988 
1,689,211 
As 
at 
31 
December 2018 ... 
382,251 
465,063 
62,286 
16,770 
926,370 
________ 
Note: 
(1) 
Excludes accrued interest and impairments which amounted to €5,174 thousand and €(16,858) thousand, 
respectively, as at 31 December 2020, €3,927 thousand and €(6,104) thousand, respectively, as at 31 
December 2019 and €2,667 thousand and €(10,276) thousand, respectively, as at 31 December 2018. 
As at 31 December 2020, 44.8 per cent. of the Bank's customer loans and advances repriced within three 
months, 50.1 per cent. repriced between three and 12 months, 4.6 per cent. repriced between one and five 
years and the remaining 0.5 per cent. repriced after five years.  
Currency mix 
The Bank makes customer loans and advances principally in euro. As at: 
• 
31 December 2020, 99.4 per cent. of its customer loans and advances were denominated in euro and 
the balance was denominated in other currencies; 
• 
31 December 2019, 99.9 per cent. of its customer loans and advances were denominated in euro and 
the balance was denominated in other currencies; and 
• 
31 December 2018, 98.3 per cent. of its customer loans and advances were denominated in euro and 
the balance was denominated in other currencies. 
Geographical distribution 
In terms of the geographical distribution of customer loans and advances: 
• 
as at 31 December 2020, 98.7 per cent. were classified as Estonian, 0.7 per cent. were from other EU 
countries and 0.6 per cent. were from other countries; 
• 
as at 31 December 2019, 98.2 per cent. were classified as Estonian, 1.6 per cent. were from other EU 
countries (including the UK) and 0.2 per cent. were from other countries; and

--- Page 153 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
• 
as at 31 December 2018, 96.5 per cent. were classified as Estonian, 3.3 per cent. were from other EU 
countries (including the UK) and 0.2 per cent. were from other countries. 
See "Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Bank—The Bank has significant customer and sector 
concentrations". 
FVTPL FINANCIAL ASSETS 
The Bank's portfolio of FVTPL financial assets principally comprises debt securities and also includes 
shares and fund units and foreign exchange forward contracts. The securities are issued by both domestic 
and international issuers. The Bank invests in these securities both to generate returns (as interest, dividend 
and capital gains) and to provide an additional source of liquidity when needed. 
Structure of the Bank's FVTPL financial assets 
The table below summarises the Bank's FVTPL financial assets as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018.  
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ thousand) 
Shares and fund units ............................................  
142 
164 
157 
Debt securities .......................................................  
322,699 
32,331 
38,697 
Foreign exchange forwards ...................................  
89 
4 
59 
Total FVTPL financial assets .............................  
322,930 
32,499 
38,913 
 
 
 
 
All of the securities in the table above are measured at fair value. As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, 
all of the Bank’s FVTPL shares and fund units as well as debt securities are fair valued at level 1, meaning 
they are quoted in an active market. Foreign exchange forwards are fair valued at level 2, meaning they are 
valued using market observable inputs using a valuation model.   
The Bank's FVTPL debt securities are categorised internally in three portfolios: investment, liquidity and 
trading.  The table below shows ratings distribution of the securities in these three categories as at 31 
December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
Investment 
portfolio 
Liquidity 
portfolio 
Trading 
portfolio 
Total 
 
(€ thousand) 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
AA- to AAA ...................  
— 
310,675 
— 
310,675 
A- to A+ .........................  
8,281 
1,815 
— 
10,096 
Unrated 
— 
1,928 
— 
1,928 
Total 
8,281 
314,418 
— 
322,699 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
AA- to AAA ...................  
11,627 
— 
— 
11,627 
A- to A+ .........................  
2,890 
17,814 
— 
20,704 
Total ...............................  
14,517 
17,814 
— 
32,331 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
AAA ...............................  
— 
18,439 
— 
18,439 
AA- to AA+ ....................  
— 
1,229 
— 
1,229 
A- to A+ .........................  
18,006 
— 
— 
18,006 
Unrated ...........................  
— 
— 
1,023 
1,023 
Total ...............................  
18,006 
19,668 
1,023 
38,697

--- Page 154 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
Interest repricing 
The Bank's debt securities pay interest on either a semi-annual or annual basis. 
The table below shows the Bank's debt securities by the recalculation dates of interest rates for each of 
2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3-12 months 
1 – 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
As 
at 
31 
December 2020 ... 
200,045 
117,300 
4,280 
0 
321,625 
As 
at 
31 
December 2019 ... 
10,682 
— 
12,950 
7,925 
31,557 
As 
at 
31 
December 2018 ... 
20,546 
— 
15,031 
2,000 
37,577 
________ 
Note: 
(1) 
Excludes accrued interest which amounted to €1,074 thousand as at 31 December 2020, €774 thousand as at 
 
31 December 2019 and €1,120 thousand as at 31 December 2018. 
As at 31 December 2020, 62.2 per cent. of the Bank’s debt securities repriced within three months, 36.5 
per cent. repriced between three and 12 months, 1.3 per cent. repriced between one and five years and none 
repriced after five years. 
Maturity profile 
The table below shows the Bank's debt securities by due dates and future contractual undiscounted cash 
flows split into the maturity buckets in which the cash flows occur (including interest cash flows) for each 
of 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
On 
demand 
Up to 3 
months 
3-12 
months 
1 – 5 years 
Over 5 
years 
Total(1) 
 
(€ thousand) 
As 
at 
31 
December 2020 ... 
— 
200,448 
117,716 
4,534 
— 
322,698 
As 
at 
31 
December 2019 ... 
— 
10,883 
13,018 
8,429 
— 
32,330 
As 
at 
31 
December 2018 ... 
— 
20,690 
— 
15,845 
2,161 
38,696 
________ 
Note: 
(1) 
This figure is higher than the statement of financial position balance reflecting the future undiscounted 
 
contractual cash flow calculation. 
The Bank's debt securities are well diversified by maturity with 62.1 per cent. (by future contractual 
undiscounted cash flows) falling due within three months, 36.5 per cent. falling due between three and 12 
months, 1.4 per cent. falling due between one and five years and none falling due after five years, in each 
case as at 31 December 2020.  
Currency mix 
The Bank's financial assets at fair value (which includes a small portfolio of equity securities held at FVTPL 
and at FVOCI) are principally denominated in U.S. dollars and euro. As at:

--- Page 155 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
• 
31 December 2020, 100.0 per cent. of its financial assets at fair value were denominated in euro; 
• 
31 December 2019, 49.3 per cent. of its financial assets at fair value were denominated in U.S. dollars, 
50.7 per cent. was denominated in euro and the balance was denominated in other currencies; and 
• 
31 December 2019, 59.2 per cent. of its financial assets at fair value were denominated in U.S. dollars, 
37.8 per cent. was denominated in euro and the balance was denominated in other currencies. 
Geographical distribution 
In terms of the geographical distribution of the Bank's financial assets at fair value (which includes a small 
portfolio of equity securities held at FVTPL and at FVOCI): 
• 
as at 31 December 2020, 96.8 per cent. were classified as Estonian and the balance was from other 
countries; 
• 
as at 31 December 2019, 60.6 per cent. were classified as Lithuanian, 29.9 per cent. were classified as 
German and the balance was from other countries; and 
• 
as at 31 December 2018, 44.0 per cent. were classified as Lithuanian and the balance was from other 
countries. 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
Capital adequacy, financial leverage and the use of various levels of regulatory capital are monitored 
regularly by the Bank's management and are also governed by EU capital adequacy regulations which are 
directly applicable in Estonia which are largely based on capital adequacy standards under the Basel III 
framework. The Basel III framework strengthened the quality of capital and introduced several buffer 
requirements in line with proposals made by the Basel Committee. The Basel III framework consists of 
three Pillars: 
• 
Pillar 1 provides a framework for measuring capital requirements for credit, operational and market 
risks; 
• 
Pillar 2 relates to the supervisory review process and emphasises the importance of the Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP") performed by banks; and 
• 
Pillar 3 aims to complement the above capital adequacy requirements under Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 by 
requiring banks to provide a consistent and understandable disclosure framework which facilitates 
comparison, thus enhancing the safety and soundness of the banking industry. 
The Basel III framework raised both the quality and quantity of the capital base and increased capital 
requirements for certain positions. The minimum requirements for capital are underpinned by a leverage 
ratio that serves as a backstop to the risk-based capital measures.  
The goal of the Bank's capital management is to: 
• 
ensure continuity of its business and generate returns for its shareholders; 
• 
maintain a strong capital base to support the development of its business; and  
• 
comply with the capital requirements established by supervision authorities.

--- Page 156 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
The Bank follows the following general principles in its capital management: 
• 
it must be adequately capitalised at all times, having the necessary capital to ensure economic 
preservation and to enable financing for new profitable growth opportunities; 
• 
the main focus on capital management is on tier 1 own funds because only these can absorb losses; 
• 
the Bank's capital is divided into (i) regulatory minimum capital and (ii) the Bank's capital buffer and 
to reach its long-term economic goals the Bank seeks to proportionately lower its regulatory minimum 
capital (through minimising risks and high transparency) whilst maintaining a sufficient and 
conservative capital reserve which will ensure economic preservation even in a severe negative 
scenario; and 
• 
the risk appetite set by the Bank is an important input to capital management planning and goal setting 
as a higher risk appetite requires a higher capital buffer. 
All EU credit institutions are required to maintain 4.5 per cent. of common equity tier 1 ("CET1") capital, 
6.0 per cent. of tier 1 capital and 8.0 per cent. of both tier 1 and tier 2 capital.  In addition, in Estonia 
additional capital maintenance buffer of 2.5 per cent. (imposed by the Financial Supervisory Authority) 
applies. The systemic risk buffer (imposed by the Estonian Central Bank) was reduced to zero due to the 
Coronavirus pandemic in May 2020. In 2018, the ranking of the capital requirements changed and the 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") buffers were moved to higher buffers meaning that 
banks will first breach non-SREP buffers.  Breaching each buffer triggers different actions from regulators. 
The table below shows an overview of the capital requirements applicable to the Bank following its SREP 
notification in December 2020. 
 
CET1 
Tier 1 
Total 
 
(per cent.) 
Base capital requirement .......................................  
4.50 
6.00 
8.00 
Pillar 2 capital charge ............................................  
0.42 
0.56 
1.73 
Non-resident financial intermediates deposits(1) ....  
0.10 
0.10 
0.10 
Total SREP capital requirement ........................  
5.02 
6.66 
9.83 
Capital conservation buffer ...................................  
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
Systemic importance buffer(2) ................................  
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Systemic risk buffer ..............................................  
— 
— 
— 
Countercyclical buffer ...........................................  
— 
— 
— 
Total minimum regulatory requirement ...........  
8.52 
10.16 
13.33 
Additional internally determined buffers(3) ...........  
2.11 
2.30 
2.67 
Total internal capital target ................................  
10.63 
12.46 
16.00 
________ 
Notes: 
(1) 
This charge is volatile and calculated at 0.2 per cent. on these deposits. 
(2) 
The Bank became a systemically important bank in Estonia in 2018. 
(3) 
These are buffers determined by the supervisory board of LHV Group. 
 
Each year, the Bank undertakes an ICAAP which identifies potential internal capital needs in addition to 
regulatory capital requirements.  Capital adequacy and the use of regulatory capital are monitored by the 
Finance department.  Compliance reports are submitted to the supervisory authorities in accordance with 
the applicable requirements.  The Bank uses the standard method for calculating its capital requirements 
for credit and market risk, and the basis indicator approach for calculating its operational risk requirement. 
The table below shows the Bank's capital base, capital requirements and capital adequacy calculations 
prepared in accordance with the common reporting framework initiated by the Committee of European 
banking Supervisors as at 31 December in each of 2020, 2019 and 2018.

--- Page 157 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ thousand, except percentages) 
Capital base 
 
 
 
Paid-in share capital ..............................................  
106,500 
95,500 
69,500 
Statutory reserves paid in from net profit ..............  
4,022 
3,237 
2,269 
Accumulated profit ................................................  
62,972 
45,619 
31,442 
Intangible assets ....................................................  
(807) 
(685) 
(1,286) 
Net profit for accounting period ............................  
17,441 
14,863 
12,046 
Deductions .............................................................  
(2,511) 
(33) 
(193) 
Total core tier 1 capital .......................................  
187,617 
158,501 
113,778 
Additional Tier 1 capital 
38,000 
23,000 
0 
Total Tier 1 capital  
225,617 
181,501 
113,778 
Subordinated debt ..................................................  
50,500 
47,500 
30,000 
Total tier 2 capital ...............................................  
50,500 
47,500 
30,000 
Net own funds for capital adequacy calculation  
276,117 
229,001 
143,778 
Capital requirements 
 
 
 
Credit risk and counterparty risk ...........................  
1,375,535 
1,222,091 
778,555 
Market risk ............................................................  
1,672 
1,458 
1,082 
Operational risk .....................................................  
95,104 
76,766 
59,434 
Total capital requirements .................................  
1,472,311 
1,300,315 
839,071 
Total capital ratio ..................................................  
18.75% 
17.61% 
17.14% 
Tier 1 capital ratio .................................................  
15.32% 
13.96% 
13.56% 
The Bank is also subject to a Basel III leverage ratio requirement of 3.0 per cent. The Bank's leverage ratio 
was 4.36 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, 5.70 per cent. as at 31 December 2019 and 6.56 per cent. as at 
31 December 2018. The Bank's leverage ratio for these periods has been calculated in accordance with the 
Basel III leverage ratio and disclosure requirements. 
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
The Bank has contingent liabilities in respect of irrevocable commitments to extend credit that it has made, 
as well as in relation to letters of credit and guarantees issued by it. 
The table below shows the Bank's commitments and contingent liabilities as at 31 December in each of 
2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(€ thousand) 
Unused loan commitments ....................................  
413,818 
359,230 
188,841 
Performance guarantees(1) .....................................  
15,217 
11,078 
11,927 
Financial guarantees ..............................................  
36,492 
14,139 
9,314 
Letters of credit .....................................................  
8 
10 
55 
Total ......................................................................  
465,535 
384,457 
210,137 
________ 
Note: 
(1) 
These are contracts that provide compensation if another party fails to perform a contractual obligation. For 
further information see note 21 to the 2020 Financial Statements and note 21 to the 2019 Financial 
Statements. The Bank did not record any losses on performance guarantees in 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
The Bank has a contingent tax liability reflecting the fact that the tax authorities in Estonia have the right 
to review a company's records for up to five years after the tax declaration has been submitted and may 
impose additional taxes, interest and fines if they discover any errors.  No VAT or income tax audits have 
been undertaken on the Bank in the past three years. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
The Bank's principal related party transactions are with its shareholders that have a significant impact on 
the Bank and the entities related to them, members of its management board and legal entities controlled

--- Page 158 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
by them, members of its supervisory board and close relatives of the persons mentioned above and entities 
related to them. These transactions include transactions with related parties that generate interest income 
and expense, fee and commission income and other income for the Bank. Further information on the Bank's 
related party transactions is set out in note 22 to the 2020 Financial Statements and note 22 to the 2019 
Financial Statements.

--- Page 159 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
MARKET ENVIRONMENT 
The information presented in this section has been extracted from publicly available sources and 
documents. The source of external information is always given if such information is used in this section. 
While reviewing, searching for and processing macroeconomic, market, industry or other data from 
external sources such as the European Commission or government publications none of it has been 
independently verified by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or any of their affiliates or the Issuer's 
advisers in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer does not intend to and does not warrant to update the data concerning the market or the industry 
as presented in this section, unless such duties arise out of generally binding regulations. 
Economies in which the Issuer operates 
The Issuer is a credit institution established under the laws of Estonia and is authorised to provide its 
products and services in Estonia, in the United Kingdom (through its branch in the United Kingdom) and, 
on a cross-border basis, in Latvia, Finland, Belgium, Germany, Austria, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, 
Lithuania and Denmark.  
The Issuer considers Estonia and the United Kingdom to be its home markets. In Estonia the Issuer acts as 
a full-service bank, accepting deposits and providing loans, payment services and other common banking 
services to private and corporate clients. In the United Kingdom, the Issuer mainly provides payment 
services to financial intermediation customers. In Germany, Austria the Netherlands and Spain, the Issuer 
collects deposits through deposit intermediation platforms, The Issuer also provides acquiring services on 
a cross-border basis in all of the above-mentioned markets. 
Estonian macroeconomic environment10 
In 2020, the Estonian economy contracted by 2.9 per cent. The fall in GDP reflected the effects of the global 
Coronavirus pandemic and the government imposed restrictions set to contain the spread of the virus. As 
the spread of the virus was more concentrated in Southern Europe, Estonia and its main trading partners 
around the Baltic Sea faced less severe damage to the economy than Europe on average. The sectors hit 
worst included tourism, transport and entertainment as they depend most on the movement of people. 
Manufacturing was held back by a fall in external demand but the fall in total was more modest than feared. 
On a positive note, the added value in information and communication technology, finance and construction 
remained on a growth path. 
In the beginning of 2021, Estonia faced a new wave of the virus and the government was once again forced 
to impose restrictions on business activities. Most hard-hit are hotels, restaurants and other tourism-related 
companies who are unable to host customers. The transport sector is also in stress, as the mobility of people 
has declined and a large part of international connections are cancelled. At the same time, Estonia’s 
vaccination efforts are on a good path.  
Based on the assessment of Estonia’s Central Bank, in the case of the restrictions remaining in place until 
May 2021, the Estonian economy will grow by 2.7 per cent. in 2021 and surge in 2022 by growing 
approximately 5 per cent. Growth in 2022 is highly supported by a growth in private consumption as more 
than €1.2 billion will be transferred in 2021 from the compulsory pension fund savings to private 
individuals, based on the ongoing pension reform. This transfer will support private consumption in the 
near future. There is, however, higher uncertainty than usual attached to the forecasted growth estimates. 
Every added week of restrictions in response to the crisis is estimated to increase the contraction by 
approximately 0.5 per cent. of GDP in 2021. In a negative scenario outlined by Estonia’s Central Bank, 
where restrictions would remain in place until the start of June, the economy would contract by 0.8 per 
cent. in 2021.  
As the economic shock can be defined as more of a supply side shock, economists remain hopeful that the 
lifting of restrictions will be followed by a fast recovery in economic activity. This hypothesis is supported 
by data from 2020 when economic growth in the third quarter recovered quickly after the lifting of 
restrictions. Based on the experience from last year, governments are directing their stimulus measures 
towards supporting people and their income and through that ensuring that demand can once again bounce 
                                                          
10  Source: Estonian Economy and Monetary Policy 1/2021, https://www.eestipank.ee/en/publication/estonian-economy-and-
monetary-policy/2021/estonian-economy-and-monetary-policy-12021

--- Page 160 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
back quickly once the business restrictions are removed. It is inevitable though that the longer the 
restrictions remain in place the slower the recovery will be.  
Estonian banking market 
As of 31 December 2020 there were in total 14 banks operating in Estonia. Out of these 5 were branches 
of foreign credit institutions. The largest banks in Estonia are owned by Nordic financial groups (SEB and 
Swedbank) who together accounted for around two thirds of the market (66 per cent. of deposits and 67 per 
cent. of corporate lending as of 31 December 2020, according to adjusted Financial Supervision Authority 
("FSA") data11). Accordingly, the Estonian banking sector is fairly concentrated. 
LHV and Luminor are the third and fourth banks in terms of market share. LHV's market share has been 
growing over the years and amounted to 17 per cent. for deposits, 13 per cent. for corporate loans and 8% 
for household loans as of 31 December 2020, according to adjusted FSA data. 
Client deposits play an important role in funding the Estonian banking sector. As at the end of 2020, 
deposits made up 94 per cent. of all liabilities of the banking sector12. Around 86 per cent. of the total 
deposits are demand deposits as low interest rates have reduced the motivation for depositors to enter into 
term deposits. The loan-to-deposit ratio stood at 77 per cent. for the Estonian banking sector on average, as 
at the end of 2020. Accordingly, the Estonian banking sector as a whole was able to fund its whole loan 
portfolio entirely based on client deposits. 
                                                          
11  Source: Financial Supervision Authority. This information has been adjusted for the Latvian and Lithuanian branch of Luminor 
(based on Luminor Q4 2020 Interim report). The values of the Estonian total market have been adjusted by deducting the assets 
and deposits of the Latvian and Lithuanian branch of Luminor in order to reflect more accurately the size of the Estonian market. 
12  Source: Bank of Estonia.

--- Page 161 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
THE ESTONIAN HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET 
The information provided below has been derived from publicly available information on the Estonian 
housing mortgage market. 
Introduction 
Banks make up by far the largest share of the residential mortgage market and origination in Estonia. Other 
commercial lenders account for a minor share. Mortgage loans are available for all types of sole family 
homes such as flats, houses and terraced houses. 
Borrowers typically have a mortgage loan from a single bank. Loan-to-value ratios can range up to 85 per 
cent. (or up to 90 per cent. with a guarantee from a state institution providing housing loan guarantees to 
qualifying private individuals). 
Housing loans make up 88 per cent. of total loans made to private individuals and amounted to around €8.7 
billion as at 31 December 2020. Consumer credit and various other loans make up the remainder of the 
total loans to private individuals. The balance of outstanding loans made to private individuals declined 
slightly after the past economic recession but has recovered and has been growing at a steady pace in recent 
years. The average balance of a housing loan amounted to €45,802 as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Source: http://statistika.eestipank.ee/#/et/p/650/r/1172/1021 and https://statistika.eestipank.ee/#/et/p/650/r/1172/1021 
The majority of the mortgage loans in Estonia have a variable base rate (such as 6-month EURIBOR). 
Loans based on fixed rates are also available but are less common. There are no specific limitations on 
interest chargeable on mortgage loans (except for default interest) under Estonian law but the general 
principles of equity under Estonian law still apply. Average interest rates have declined together with the 
overall reduction in the level of market interest rates and EURIBOR in particular. Margins, which are 
generally fixed for the life of a loan in Estonia, have been stable over the past few years. 
Mortgage Lenders in Estonia 
The market of Estonian mortgage lenders is fairly concentrated, in line with the banking sector in Estonia 
in general. As at 31 December 2020, the largest share of the household loan market was held by Swedbank 
(40 per cent.) and SEB (26 per cent.), followed by Luminor* (12 per cent.) and LHV (8 per cent.). Based 
on LHV's estimate13, LHV's market share of new mortgage sales made up around 16 per cent. of the total 
market in 2020. Based on the outstanding loan balance to private individuals, the market share of loans to 
private individuals as of 31 December 2020 was as follows: 
                                                          
13 Source: Bank of Estonia (https://statistika.eestipank.ee/#/et/p/650/r/1054/903), LHV internal data 
0
10,000
20,000
30,000
40,000
50,000
60,000
0
2
4
6
8
10
EUR
EURb
Household loans (balance outstanding)
Housing loans (lhs)
Other loans (lhs)
Average balance of housing loan (rhs)

--- Page 162 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
 
Loans issued to 
households 
Market share  
 
EUR thousands 
 
SWEDBANK .....................................................................................................................  
4,095,930 
40.42% 
SEB ....................................................................................................................................  
2,600,340 
25.66% 
LUMINOR* .......................................................................................................................  
1,265,479 
12.49% 
LHV ....................................................................................................................................  
790,731 
7.80% 
BIG .....................................................................................................................................  
520,756 
5.14% 
INBANK ............................................................................................................................  
362,637 
3.58% 
COOP .................................................................................................................................  
262,926 
2.59% 
CITADELE ........................................................................................................................  
105,378 
1.04% 
TF .......................................................................................................................................  
77,517 
0.77% 
HOLM ................................................................................................................................  
43,809 
0.43% 
TBB ....................................................................................................................................  
7,285 
0.07% 
TOTAL ..............................................................................................................................  
10,132,788 
100% 
Source: https://www.fi.ee/koond/laen_kred.php, adjusted for Latvian and Lithuanian branches for Luminor (based on data from 
Luminor Q4 2020 Interim Report, p. 11, Lending to Individual Customers in Estonia as of December 31, 2020  
https://luminor.ee/s3fs-public/documents/q4-2020-eng-10.02.2021.pdf 
 
The number and balance of housing loans in Estonia (2010-2020) 
 
 _______________  
Source: http://statistika.eestipank.ee/#/et/p/650/r/1172/1021 
 
Material Legal Aspects of the Mortgage Loans 
The below summary provides a brief overview of the material legal aspects of mortgage loans and does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all legal considerations relating to mortgage loans. This summary is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. 
Establishment of a Mortgage 
Real estate property located in Estonia can be pledged by way of a mortgage, which must be established 
under a mortgage agreement attested by a notary and which is registered with the Estonian Land Register. 
The entering into a mortgage agreement and registration of the mortgage in the Estonian Land Register is 
sufficient evidence regarding the establishment of the mortgage and no further certificates (either physical 
or electronic) are issued with respect to the mortgage under Estonian law. The Estonian Land Register is a 
public register and, subject to the payment of a processing fee, information regarding real estate properties 
and mortgages encumbering such real estate properties can be accessed publicly. An entry concerning the 
mortgage in the Estonian Land Register sets out: (i) the mortgagee; (ii) the monetary amount of the 
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
7,000
8,000
9,000
10,000
0
20,000
40,000
60,000
80,000
100,000
120,000
140,000
160,000
180,000
200,000
Mar-10
Sep-10
Mar-11
Sep-11
Mar-12
Sep-12
Mar-13
Sep-13
Mar-14
Sep-14
Mar-15
Sep-15
Mar-16
Sep-16
Mar-17
Sep-17
Mar-18
Sep-18
Mar-19
Sep-19
Mar-20
Sep-20
Number of loans (left hand scale)
Loan balance, € million (right hand scale)

--- Page 163 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
mortgage (sum of mortgage); and (iii) the agreement according to which the owner of the real estate 
property has consented to be subject to immediate compulsory enforcement (if applicable). Real estate 
property that may be subject to a mortgage comprises: (i) immovable, i.e. delimited part of land and (ii) 
right of superficies, which is defined as a transferable and inheritable real right which encumbers an 
immovable such that the person for whose benefit a right of superficies is constituted is entitled to own a 
construction permanently attached to the immovable for a specified term. 
Under Estonian law, a mortgage usually encumbers a real estate property in its entirety. In the case of a real 
estate property co-owned by several owners, a legal share of a real estate property belonging to a co-owner 
may also be encumbered with a mortgage. A mortgage cannot be established only on a physical share of a 
real estate property or a part of the legal share of a co-owner. 
A mortgage established under Estonian law on a residential real estate property extends to the parts and 
accessories of that property. A mortgage does not extend to the accessories of the real estate property which 
are not in the ownership of the owner of the real estate property. Furthermore, a mortgage does not extend 
to accessories and parts which before the seizure of the real estate property are transferred according to 
regular management or permanently severed from the real estate property. If real estate property 
encumbered with a mortgage is leased, the mortgage also extends to a claim under the lease which is created 
within the period between seizure of the real estate property or declaration of bankruptcy of the debtor and 
sale of the real estate property, or which is created within one year before seizure of the real estate property 
or declaration of bankruptcy of the debtor and is uncollected. If a real estate property encumbered with a 
mortgage is insured, the mortgage also extends to a claim for insurance proceeds. 
A mortgage, to the extent of the amount of the mortgage, secures any claim and interest (including any fine 
for delay) for up to three years before sale of the real estate property in enforcement proceedings, expenses 
for the collection of the debt, including the costs of the enforcement proceeding and bailiff's fees, and the 
insurance premiums paid by the mortgagee on behalf of the owner of the immovable. 
Enforcement Procedures 
Introduction and general principles of Estonian law in respect of enforcement 
If a borrower fails to fulfil its obligations under a mortgage loan, the creditor may generally (i) seek general 
enforcement of its claims against the borrower and collection of the debt arising from the mortgage loan 
and (ii) seek enforcement of a mortgage (and other security, if any) securing the mortgage loan to be able 
to satisfy the claims arising from the mortgage loans for the account of proceeds from the enforcement of 
such mortgage (or other security). 
General enforcement by a creditor of claims against a defaulting borrower under a mortgage loan typically 
requires under Estonian law that the creditor first obtains a judgment or arbitral award ordering the relevant 
claims to be satisfied (for example, for a debt to be paid) after which the actual enforcement may be carried 
out by a bailiff in a formal enforcement procedure against the assets of the borrower regulated by Estonian 
law. 
In parallel or alternatively, a creditor holding a mortgage over real estate or a borrower or a third party as 
security for the borrower's obligations under a mortgage loan may initiate enforcement of the mortgage, 
which is carried out (outside of bankruptcy proceedings of the mortgagor) by way of sale of the mortgaged 
real estate at a compulsory auction conducted by a bailiff or by way of compulsory administration by a 
bailiff. 
Enforcement of a claim against the debtor 
To enforce a claim against the debtor arising from a mortgage loan, the creditor must typically submit its 
claim to a court or arbitration tribunal having jurisdiction over the mortgage loan. In such court or arbitral 
proceedings, the creditor would need to prove its claim against the debtor in order to obtain a court ruling 
or arbitral award ordering the payment of the relevant claim. Upon such court ruling or arbitral award 
entering into force, the creditor may apply to a bailiff, who shall carry out enforcement proceedings with 
respect to the debtor and its assets. In enforcement proceedings, if the debtor fails to pay the debt voluntarily, 
the debtor's property is seized and sold to the extent necessary to satisfy the claim and the claim of the 
creditor shall be satisfied from the proceeds received from such sale.

--- Page 164 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
The enforcement proceedings, including the seizure and sale of the debtor's property, are carried out by a 
bailiff in accordance with the Estonian Code of Enforcement Procedure. The Estonian Code of Enforcement 
Procedure provides, inter alia, a list of items of the debtor which cannot be seized and sold in enforcement 
proceedings, which mainly consist of property which is essential for the debtor to satisfy his or her needs 
or the seizure and sale of which would be contrary to law or good morals. The Estonian Code of 
Enforcement Procedure further provides a number of forms of income of the debtor which cannot be used 
to satisfy claims in enforcement proceedings, which mainly consists of benefits payable in accordance with 
laws. 
Enforcement of a mortgage 
The process of enforcement of mortgages depends on whether or not the mortgagor and the mortgagee have 
agreed in the notarised agreement that the mortgagor agrees to submit to immediate compulsory execution 
proceedings in order to satisfy the claims secured with the mortgage. Such agreement may be (and generally 
is) included in the agreement for the establishment of the mortgage but may be made later as well, including 
after the claims secured by the mortgage have fallen due. If such agreement has been made, the mortgagee 
may enforce the mortgage without obtaining a court ruling for enforcement (although this does not restrict 
the debtor or the mortgagor from contesting the enforcement of the mortgage, in which case court 
proceedings may still need to be carried out and completed prior to the enforcement of the mortgage). If 
such agreement has not been made, the mortgagee would need to submit a claim to court to recognise its 
right to enforce the mortgage, on the basis of which the mortgagee could then turn to a bailiff to enforce 
the mortgage. 
Where the mortgagor and the mortgagee have agreed in the notarised agreement on submission by the 
mortgagor to immediate compulsory execution proceedings in order to satisfy the claims secured by the 
mortgage or where the mortgagee has obtained a court ruling for the enforcement of the mortgage, the 
mortgagee may apply for initiation of formal enforcement proceedings pursuant to which a bailiff carries 
out the enforcement of the mortgage. 
The enforcement of a mortgage is carried out by a bailiff either by selling the mortgaged property at an 
auction or by subjecting the mortgaged property to compulsory administration. In the case of a compulsory 
auction, the mortgaged property is sold at an auction and the proceeds of the sale are applied towards the 
satisfaction of the secured obligations. In the case of a compulsory administration, the mortgaged property 
is administered by a bailiff and the proceeds of the management of the real estate (e.g. rental income) are 
applied towards the satisfaction of the secured obligations. In case the enforcement of a mortgage is carried 
out by way of selling the mortgaged property, the bailiff will seize the mortgaged property, by recording 
the property and its accessories and other objects to which a mortgage extends, prohibiting disposal thereof 
and applying for a notation concerning prohibition of the disposal of the property to be entered in the 
Estonian Land Register. The bailiff will announce the auction process in the Estonian Official Gazette and 
on at least one commonly used website for the sale of real estate at least 20 days in advance of the auction. 
After at least 20 days have passed from the announcement, the auction will be carried out by the bailiff and 
the proceeds of the auction will be applied towards the satisfaction of the secured obligations. 
As an exception to the above-described process, at the request of the mortgagor and with the consent of the 
mortgagee, the bailiff may permit the mortgagor to sell the mortgaged property under the supervision of 
the bailiff. The bailiff may permit the mortgagor to sell the property also regardless of the consent of the 
mortgagee: (i) if an auction for the sale of the property has failed or it can be presumed that the property 
cannot be sold at an auction or the revenue expected to be received from the property at an auction would 
be significantly lower than the revenue expected to be received from the sale of the property organised by 
the mortgagor or (ii) if an auction has failed due failure by the winning bidder to pay the purchase price and 
a repeated auction is also unsuccessful. 
Cost of enforcement 
If the enforcement process requires submitting a claim to court, a state fee would need to be paid to initiate 
the court proceedings. The amount of such state fee would depend on the amount of the claim. Furthermore, 
court proceedings often entail other legal costs such as lawyers' fees, which may not be compensated in full 
even if the court rules in favour of the party. If the court rules in favour of the other party, it is possible that 
the legal costs incurred by the other party may need to be compensated.

--- Page 165 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
The enforcement procedure by a bailiff would entail the bailiff's fee and costs necessary for enforcement 
proceedings. In the case of a monetary claim, the bailiff's fee depends on the amount of the claim. The 
enforcement costs would be borne by the debtor and would be collected by the bailiff. The enforcement 
costs would be collected from the debtor by the bailiff on the basis of the decision on enforcement costs 
(such document is immediately enforceable). 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings 
Should the mortgagor be declared bankrupt, the mortgage ensures a priority position of the mortgagee with 
respect to the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property. 
In the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings, claims secured by the mortgage are satisfied as first priority 
claims for the account (and to the extent) of the money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate 
property, from which the payments relating to the bankruptcy proceedings (as listed below) in proportion 
to the ratio of the amount of money received from the sale of the pledged object to the total amount of 
money received from the sale of the bankruptcy estate are deducted. The maximum amount which can be 
deducted from the money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property is capped at 15 per 
cent. of the amount of money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property, meaning that at 
least 85 per cent. of the money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property will be applied 
for the satisfaction of the claims of the pledgee. If a claim secured by the mortgage is not satisfied in full 
out of the money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property, the rest of the claim shall be 
satisfied together with all other accepted claims which were filed within the term specified by law. 
The following are regarded as payments relating to the bankruptcy proceedings and have priority over and 
are satisfied before the claims secured by specific assets of the debtor: 
• 
claims arising from the consequences of exclusion or recovery of assets; 
• 
maintenance support paid to the debtor and his or her dependants; 
• 
in bankruptcy proceedings regarding the estate, the expenses paid for the bequeather’s funeral, 
maintenance of his or her family members, administration of the estate and making of the inventory 
of the obligations related to estate; 
• 
consolidated obligations; and 
• 
the costs of the bankruptcy proceedings. 
Consolidated obligations are: (i) obligations arising from transactions and other acts performed by a trustee 
in the performance of his or her duties in the bankruptcy proceedings; (ii) expenses of administration of the 
bankruptcy estate by the trustee during the bankruptcy proceedings regarding the estate; (iii) obligations 
arising from contracts which the debtor has failed to perform, if the trustee has continued performance of 
the obligations or given notification that he or she intends to require performance of the contract; (iv) taxes 
relating to continuation of the business activities of the debtor; (v) obligations to compensate for the damage 
caused during the bankruptcy proceedings by an unlawful action of a debtor who is a legal person; (vi) 
other obligations deemed to be consolidated obligations pursuant to the Estonian Bankruptcy Act. 
After the above listed claims have been satisfied, claims secured by the mortgage which have been accepted 
in the bankruptcy proceedings and were filed within the term specified by law, are satisfied before 
unsecured claims. 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in enforcement proceedings carried out with respect to the 
mortgagor's assets 
If the mortgaged real estate property is sold in enforcement proceedings conducted by other creditors 
through the bailiff on the basis of an execution document, the mortgagee may, before the distribution of 
proceeds, submit an application to the bailiff, in which the mortgagee applies for the preferred satisfaction 
of the mortgagee's claim from the proceeds of the sale of the mortgaged real estate property, regardless of 
whether or not the mortgagee's claim has fallen due. The bailiff must take the claim of the mortgagee into 
account upon distribution of the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property and

--- Page 166 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
preparation of a distribution plan on the basis of the ranking of the mortgage as evident from the Estonian 
Land Register or a notarised mortgage agreement. 
Contesting of claims and reversal 
An insolvency administrator and all other creditors of the bankrupt grantor of a mortgage may in the course 
of the bankruptcy proceedings contest the claims submitted against the debtor. If contested, the dispute will 
be finally settled by the court who will determine whether such claim against the debtor exists and is 
sufficiently proven. 
Furthermore, an insolvency administrator may submit a claim to the court for recovering a security interest 
granted by the debtor or security agreement concluded by the debtor. In recovery, the court will revoke 
transactions, subject to the grounds specified below, which were concluded by the debtor before the 
declaration of bankruptcy and which damage the interests of other creditors and which meets other criteria 
for revocation set out in the Estonian Bankruptcy Act. 
In addition to general grounds applicable to all transactions, the Estonian Bankruptcy Act sets out specific 
grounds for revoking the grant of security. Under such provisions, a court will revoke the grant of a 
mortgage if the mortgage damages the interests of the creditors of the mortgagor and was granted: 
• 
during the period from the appointment of the interim trustee until declaration of bankruptcy; 
• 
in order to secure an obligation which had arisen within six months before the appointment of the 
interim trustee if the debtor was not required to grant the mortgage at the time when the obligation 
arose or if the debtor was insolvent at the time of granting the mortgage and the person in whose 
favour the mortgage was granted was or should have been aware of the insolvency; 
• 
within two years before the appointment of the interim trustee if the security was granted in favour 
of a person connected with the debtor unless the person or the debtor proves that the debtor was 
solvent at the time of granting the mortgage. 
Granting of a mortgage cannot be recovered if the mortgage was granted in order to secure a loan or any 
other credit agreement and after granting the security the debtor came into possession of the amount of 
money corresponding to the value of the mortgage pursuant to the secured agreement (except in case the 
mortgage was granted within two years before the appointment of the interim trustee in favour of a person 
connected with the debtor unless the person or the debtor proves that the debtor was solvent at the time of 
granting the mortgage). 
In addition to reversal (recovery) of the transactions in bankruptcy proceedings, Estonian law also enables 
creditors to apply for reversal of certain transactions in pre-bankruptcy situation. The grounds for and 
procedure for relevant reversal of transactions are stipulated in the Estonian Code of Enforcement 
Procedure. 
Release of debtor who is a natural person from obligations 
Under the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, a debtor who is a natural person may be released from his or her 
obligations which were not satisfied during the bankruptcy proceedings. To be released from his or her 
obligations not satisfied during the bankruptcy proceedings, the debtor must submit a relevant application 
in the course of his or her bankruptcy proceedings. A creditor may file an objection against the release of 
the debtor from his or her obligations on the grounds listed in the Estonian Bankruptcy Act which preclude 
the right to release the debtor from his or her obligations. 
If the court commences proceedings to release the debtor from his or her obligations, the debtor shall be 
obliged to make payments to satisfy his or her debts to the creditors until the court releases the debtor from 
his or her obligations. The court shall generally decide on the release of the debtor from his or her 
obligations which were not performed during the bankruptcy proceedings by a ruling after passing of five 
years from the commencement of the relevant proceedings. In certain circumstances the court may pass the 
relevant decision earlier, after three years have passed from commencement of the proceedings, especially 
if the debtor has been performing his or her obligations duly during the proceedings and has satisfied the 
claims of the creditors to a considerable extent.

--- Page 167 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
If the debtor is released from his or her obligations which were not performed during the bankruptcy 
proceedings, the outstanding claims of the creditors against the debtor, including those that were not 
submitted by creditors during the bankruptcy proceedings, terminate. Release of a debtor from his or her 
obligations which were not performed during the bankruptcy proceedings shall not terminate the obligations 
to compensate for damage intentionally caused by unlawful action or the obligations to pay support for a 
child or parent. Furthermore, release of a debtor from his or her obligations does not release a person jointly 
liable with the debtor from the obligations. If the person jointly liable with the debtor performs the joint 
obligation, that person shall not have the right of recourse against the debtor if the debtor has been released 
from his or her obligations. 
If a debtor satisfies an outstanding claim of a creditor after the debtor has been released from his or her 
obligations, the assets transferred in performance of the obligation may not be reclaimed from the creditor. 
Consumer protection 
The Estonian Law of Obligations Act sets out a specific legal framework applicable to consumer credit 
contracts relating to residential immovable property, which includes consumer credit contracts secured by 
a mortgage or another comparable security, or the objective of which is the acquisition of a registered 
immovable, membership in a building association or an existing or planned building, or preservation of the 
specified rights. These provisions also apply to consumer credit contracts entered into with a consumer 
residing in Estonia or in a Member State of the European Union even if the contract is entered into as a 
result of a public tender, advertising or other similar economic activities in Estonia or if the contract is 
essentially linked to the territory of Estonia for any other reason, regardless of the governing law of the 
contract. 
Prior to conclusion of the consumer credit contract, the creditor must provide to a consumer certain specific 
information using the Standard European Consumer Credit Information form, give certain explanations and 
assess the consumer's creditworthiness. In assessing the creditworthiness of a consumer, the creditor shall 
take into consideration all the circumstances known to the creditor which may have an impact on the 
consumer's ability to repay the credit under the terms and conditions agreed upon in the contract, including 
the consumer's financial situation, regular income, other financial obligations, performance of earlier 
payment obligations and the impact of potential increase of the financial obligations arising from the 
consumer credit contract, available consumer data and the amount of the financial commitment undertaken. 
The creditor may enter into a consumer credit contract with the consumer only where the creditor is 
convinced that the consumer is creditworthy as a result of analysing the data constituting the basis for the 
assessment of creditworthiness in aggregate. In the case of a breach of the aforementioned requirement, the 
interest rate applicable to the credit shall be deemed to be equal to the last interest rate applicable to the 
main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank before 1 January or 1 July of each year, unless 
such rate is higher than the interest rate agreed upon with the consumer, and the consumer may use other 
remedies, except for the claim for damages to the extent covered by interest rate reduction. In this case the 
consumer does not owe other fees to the creditor. The aforementioned will not apply if the consumer 
intentionally failed to provide required information or falsified the information and as a result thereof the 
creditor made an incorrect assessment of the creditworthiness of the consumer. Where the creditor and the 
consumer agree to change the amount of credit drawn down by the consumer or the upper credit limit, the 
creditor must update the information regarding the creditworthiness of the consumer and assess the 
creditworthiness each time before such change. 
In the case of a consumer credit contract, an application submitted by a consumer to assume credit 
obligations must be in a format which can be reproduced in writing and the contract or a copy of the contract 
must be promptly given to the consumer on a durable medium. The consumer credit agreement must include, 
among others, the following information: (i) the type of credit, the amount of drawn down or the upper 
credit limit and the terms and conditions of the drawdown and the duration of the consumer credit contract; 
(ii) the amount of the principal sum, interest and any other charges, number and frequency of repayments; 
(iii) the total amount of all the payments made by the consumer for repayment of the credit and the payments 
made to cover the total cost of the credit; (iv) the annual interest rate and its conditions; (v) the annual 
percentage rate calculated in accordance with specific regulations and with illustrative examples (annual 
percentage rate is the total cost of the credit to the consumer expressed as an annual percentage of the credit 
amount drawn down or the upper credit limit provided that the consumer credit contract is valid for the 
agreed term and that the creditor and the consumer fulfil their obligations under the terms and conditions 
and by the dates agreed upon); (vi) a statement showing the periods and conditions for the payment of the

--- Page 168 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
interest and of any associated recurrent and non-recurrent charges if the charges and interest have to be paid 
without repaying the principal sum of the credit; (vii) a warning regarding the consequences of missing 
payments; (viii) the annual or daily rate of penalty applicable upon delay of payments and the arrangements 
for the adjustment thereof, and, where applicable, any costs payable upon a delay; (ix) information about 
the right of withdrawal, the period during which that right may be exercised and other conditions, including 
information concerning the obligation to repay the principal sum of the credit and the interest accrued 
thereon from the date the credit was drawn down until the date of repayment thereof to the creditor, and the 
amount of interest per day; (x) the procedure for cancellation of consumer credit contracts; (xi) the right 
and procedure of early repayment and creditor's right to compensation and the basis for its calculation; and 
(xii) the assumed value of the mortgaged property at the time of conclusion of the contract. 
If any information required to be provided to the consumer is missing from the appropriate documentation 
or the form requirement is not followed, the contract is void, unless the consumer receives the loan or starts 
utilising the credit. If information about the interest rate, annual percentage rate or initial annual percentage 
rate, or the gross amount of all the payments to be made by the consumer is missing from the appropriate 
documentation, the interest rate shall be deemed to be equal to the last interest rate applicable to the main 
refinancing operations of the European Central Bank before 1 January or 1 July of each year, unless this is 
higher than the interest rate earlier agreed upon. The consumer shall not be obliged to pay any costs and 
expenses which the consumer is not informed of. 
Consumer credit contracts may set forth an unfixed interest rate in which case the contract must include the 
periods, conditions and procedure for changing the rate of interest and where the rate of interest on the loan 
depends on the reference interest rate, the reference rate applicable to the initial interest rate. Changes of 
interest rates enter into force if the creditor has notified the consumer beforehand, on a durable medium, of 
the change in the interest rate, in the amount of payments due after the entry into force of the new interest 
rate and in the number or frequency of the payments, if any. Where the change in the interest rate is caused 
by a change in a reference rate, and the new reference rate is made publicly available by appropriate means, 
such information may be notified to the consumer periodically. 
A consumer credit contract is void, if the annual percentage rate payable by the consumer exceeds at the 
time of granting the credit the past six months' average annual rate of consumer credits granted by credit 
institutions to private individuals and last published by the Bank of Estonia (Eesti Pank) more than three 
times. If a consumer credit contract is void, the consumer must repay the amount received on the basis of 
the void consumer credit contract by the date by which the consumer had to repay the whole credit 
according to the void consumer credit contract with the interest equal to the last interest rate applicable to 
the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank before 1 January or 1 July of each year. 
A consumer may withdraw from a consumer credit contract within 14 days from the date of entering into 
the contract or receiving from the creditor all statutorily required information, whichever is later, without 
giving a reason. In the case of contracts entered into by means of distance selling and consumer credit 
contracts relating to residential immovable property, the period for exercise of withdrawal rights is 7 days. 
Upon withdrawal, the consumer must repay the outstanding credit and accrued interest no later than 30 days 
after submitting a withdrawal application, and the creditor is not entitled to any compensation from the 
consumer other than the non-returnable state charges paid by the creditor. Contract terms which restrict the 
withdrawal right, in particular agreements pursuant to which withdrawal is subject to payment of retainer 
or a contractual penalty, are void. A consumer has the right to repay the credit in part or in full before 
maturity, without being obliged to pay any interest or other charges for the period when the credit is not 
utilised. If the early repayment of the credit falls within the period for which the interest rate is fixed, the 
creditor has the right to demand only a reasonable compensation for the damage directly linked to early 
repayment, as further detailed by law, except where the credit is repaid for the account of an insurance 
contract entered into to insure the repayment of the credit or in the case of overdraft facilities. If early 
repayment falls within the period for which the interest rate is not fixed, the creditor may claim from the 
consumer the amount of interest for the three following months. The maximum compensation payable by 
a consumer upon early repayment may not in any event exceed the amount which the consumer would have 
paid as interest during the period between the early repayment and the date of maturity. Upon assignment 
of the claim arising from a consumer credit contract, the creditor must inform the consumer thereof, unless 
the creditor continues to exercise rights of a creditor vis-à-vis the consumer under the agreement between 
the creditor and assignee. The assignment cannot validly preclude or restrict the right of a consumer to 
plead defences against the assignee arising from the consumer credit contract or the right of set-off of the 
consumer available to it. Pursuant to general provisions on assignment of claims, a debtor of an assigned

--- Page 169 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
claim may offset a debtor's claim towards the original creditor against the claim of the new creditor unless: 
(i) the debtor has acquired the claim from a third party and, at the time of acquiring the claim, the debtor 
knew or should have known that the claim against the debtor had been assigned; or (ii) the claim of the 
debtor falls due later than the assigned claim and after the debtor became or should have become aware of 
the assignment. 
If a consumer is late with payments, any penalty for late payment may not exceed the last interest rate 
applicable to the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank before 1 January or 1 July of 
each year plus eight per cent. per year. This does not preclude or restrict the right of the creditor to demand 
compensation for damages in an amount which exceeds the penalty for late payment. Agreements for the 
payment of a retainer or contractual penalty from the consumer in the case of late payments are void. 
If, on the basis of a consumer credit contract, a consumer has made a payment which is insufficient for the 
performance of all obligations which have fallen due, the payment shall cover: (i) firstly, the expenses 
incurred for collection of the debt; (ii) secondly, the principal sum owed; (iii) thirdly, interest; (iv) fourthly, 
other obligations. A creditor may not refuse insufficient payments. 
Where credit is repayable in tranches, the creditor may cancel the consumer credit contract due to late 
payment only if the consumer is wholly or partly late with payment for at least three consecutive repayments 
and if the creditor has, without success, granted an additional term of at least two weeks to the consumer 
for the payment of the remaining amount together with notification that the creditor will cancel the contract 
upon failure to pay the tranches within the term and will claim for payment of the whole debt. The creditor's 
declaration of cancellation must be in a format which can be reproduced in writing, and upon failure to 
comply with such requirement the cancellation is deemed void. A creditor must, not later than at the same 
time as giving a remedy period, offer a consumer the opportunity to negotiate in order to reach an agreement. 
In case of cancellation by the creditor, the total outstanding amount of all the payments made by the 
consumer for repayment of the credit and the payments made to cover the total cost of the credit will be 
respectively reduced by the interest and the costs calculated for the period when the credit is not used. The 
aforementioned remedy periods, deadlines and negotiation requirement with respect to cancellation will 
not apply if the consumer intentionally failed to provide or falsified information provided to the creditor 
with respect to its creditworthiness. The creditor may cancel the contract also in case of a fundamental 
breach by the consumer. 
Agreements which derogate from the provisions of the Law of Obligations Act (võlaõigusseadus) to the 
detriment of the consumer are void. 
The EFSA and Consumer Protection and Technical Regulatory Authority may, pursuant to the procedure 
provided by law, require a creditor who has breached the mandatory legal provisions to terminate such 
breach and refrain from future breach.

--- Page 170 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING COVER POOL 
Introduction 
The Issuer has been granted on 16 March 2020 an additional authorisation to issue covered bonds by the 
ECB, which has been notified to the Issuer by the EFSA. The additional authorisation has been issued with 
an unspecified term. 
Assets in the Cover Pool function as collateral for the holders of the Covered Bonds. The ECBA sets out 
eligibility criteria applicable to assets that can be registered in the Cover Pool as well as sufficiency 
requirements in respect of Eligible Assets (i.e. overcollateralisation requirements). The ECBA requires the 
Issuer to continuously ensure that (a) the present value of all covered bonds of the same type and the surplus 
of net liabilities arising from derivative instruments entered in the cover register shall be covered by a cover 
pool at all times, (b) the present value of the cover pool shall exceed the liabilities covered thereby by at 
least two per cent. and (c) the nominal value (or repayment value, if higher than the nominal value) of all 
covered bonds of the same type shall be covered by a cover pool of at least equivalent nominal value. 
Certain substitute assets are allowed as Eligible Assets under the ECBA but Mortgage Loans must always 
contribute at least 80 per cent of the present value or nominal value of mortgage covered bonds. The Cover 
Pool must also include a liquidity buffer that must (a) cover the 180 day largest cumulative cash shortfall 
of the covered bonds portfolio and (b) amount to at least 2 per cent of the nominal value of the Cover Pool. 
For a more detailed overview of the requirements of the ECBA in relation to the cover pool, please see 
"Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered Bonds" below. 
Composition of the Cover Pool 
The Issuer may change the assets in the Cover Pool and the composition of the Cover Pool may vary over 
time. However, the Cover Pool must always conform with the eligibility and collateralisation requirements 
set out in the ECBA. Information about the current composition of the Cover Pool shall be made available 
at least on a quarterly basis on the Issuer's web site https://investor.lhv.ee/en/. The contents of the Issuer's 
website do not form part of this Base Prospectus and investors should not rely on this website. 
The Issuer will maintain a level of over-collateralisation such that the nominal value of the Cover Pool 
exceeds the nominal value of all the covered bonds of the same type by at least 5 per cent. 
The main eligibility criteria that the Issuer will apply to the Cover Pool shall include (but shall not be limited 
to): 
• 
Loan to be included in the cover pool must be issued to a private person; 
• 
Loan must be collateralised with mortgage on residential real estate. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus the Issuer only issues residential mortgage loans in Estonia and so the Cover Pool shall 
be composed of loans collateralised with Estonian residential mortgages. 
• 
The mortgage securing the loan must amount to at least 110 per cent of the outstanding balance of 
the loan. 
• 
The mortgage securing the loan must be a first ranking mortgage. A lower ranking mortgage is 
acceptable where the Issuer also owns all higher ranking mortgages on the same property (effective 
first rank). 
• 
Payments under the loan are not overdue at the time of adding the loan to the Cover Pool. 
• 
The currency of the loan must be euro. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not 
issue residential mortgage loans in any other currency than euro. 
• 
The eligible portion of the claims of the Issuer arising from a loan that may be used in 
collateralisation calculations in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be up to 70 per cent of the value 
of the property securing the loan (i.e. up to 70 per cent LTV). Nevertheless, the entire loan will be 
included in the Cover Pool. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer sets the maximum 
LTV for including residential mortgage loans in the Cover Pool at 100 per cent.

--- Page 171 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
The total value of the Cover Pool amounted to €467.5 million as of 31 March 2020, out of which residential 
mortgage loans comprised €455.5 million and liquid bonds made up €12 million. The weighted average 
current indexed LTV of these loans included in the Cover Pool equalled 49.4 per cent. 
The LTV ratio is calculated taking into account the residential real estate collateralising the loan (i.e. only 
collateral which is relevant and eligible for the purpose of the Covered Bonds is taken into account). Where 
a loan is collateralised by additional security that is not eligible for the purpose of the Covered Bonds (such 
as a guarantee from Estonian governmental institution Kredex which provides mortgage loan guarantees 
for qualifying borrowers), such additional collateral is not taken into account in the calculation of the LTV 
ratio. In effect, if all collateral available for the Issuer were taken into account, the LTV ratios would be 
somewhat lower. 
The Cover Pool does not contain asset-backed securities that do not comply with paragraph 1 of Article 80 
of the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank of 19 December 2014 on the implementation 
of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) (recast). These asset-backed securities have 
never been included in the Bank's Cover Pool and the Bank does not intend to include such asset-backed 
securities in its Cover Pool in the future. 
As outlined in section “Description of the Bank – Corporate banking”, the bank is granting grace periods 
to its customers in connection with the Coronavirus pandemic, including for principal payments of 
mortgage loans. Loans for which grace period has been granted would be considered eligible for the Cover 
Pool, provided that they are not overdue (based on the amended repayment schedule granted to the 
customer) and comply with all other eligibility criteria. 
Risk Management of the Cover Pool 
Based on the ECBA, the Issuer is required to conduct stress tests on the Cover Pool on at least a quarterly 
basis. The Cover Pool should be sufficient to cover the regulatory overcollateralisation requirements also 
under stress scenarios (i.e under stressed conditions the Cover Pool should still amount to at least 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (or repayment value, if higher) of Covered Bonds and at least 102 per cent. of 
the net present value of the Covered Bonds). The Issuer may perform stress tests to evaluate the following 
types of risk inherent in the Cover Pool: credit risk, interest rate risk and real estate price risk. 
Periodic Information about the Cover Pool 
The Issuer has an obligation under the ECBA to publish in respect of the Covered Bonds certain information 
set out in the ECBA every quarter on its website relating to, inter alia, (i) the nominal value and present 
value of outstanding covered bonds and of the Cover Pool; (ii) the maturity structure of the covered bonds 
and the Cover Pool; (iii) the percentage of fixed-interest rate assets in the Cover Pool and the percentage of 
fixed-interest rate covered bonds in the liabilities of the covered bond portfolio; (iv) the graduated 
breakdown of the interest rates on fixed-interest and non-fixed-interest assets; (v) the percentage of assets 
denominated in a foreign currency in the Cover Pool and the percentage of covered bonds denominated in 
a foreign currency in the liabilities of the covered bond portfolio; (vi) the geographical split of the assets; 
(vii) the distribution of substitute collateral, in terms of its value, between the types specified in subsection 
20 (1) of the ECBA; (viii) the size of the liquidity buffer; and (viii) the percentage of the amount of 
Mortgage Loans and substitute collateral, which has been in default for over 90 days or which the issuer 
estimates to be doubtful, in the Cover Pool; (ix) the graduated breakdown of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Cover Pool. 
Investors should note that periodically updated general information in relation to the Cover Pool can be 
found on the Group's website at the following address: https://investor.lhv.ee/en/. Information for the first 
three quarters of a year shall be disclosed within one month from the end of each quarter. Information for 
the fourth quarter shall be disclosed within two months from the end of the quarter. The disclosed 
information shall be available on the Issuer's website for at least the last five years.

--- Page 172 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF ESTONIAN REGULATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the ECBA as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of the Estonian legislative and 
regulatory framework for covered bonds. Please also refer to the subsection "Risks related to the covered 
bonds" in the section "Risk Factors". This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date, including changes 
envisaged by the draft law described in more detail under “Risk Factors – Risks related to the Covered 
Bonds – Estonian Covered Bond Legislation is Untested and May be Modified”. 
General 
The framework for the issuing of covered bonds under the laws of Estonia is provided in the ECBA, which 
was adopted by the Estonian Parliament on 13 February 2019 and which came into force on 1 March 2019. 
The ECBA has been amended by the Estonian Parliament on 13 November 2019, and such amendments 
took effect on 4 December 2019. 
Among others, the ECBA regulates the grant of additional authorisations to credit institutions for the issuing 
of covered bonds, the terms and conditions of issuance and collateralisation of covered bonds, and the 
separation of a covered bond portfolio from the other assets of the issuer. 
Under the ECBA, issuers are allowed to issue two types of covered bonds – mortgage-covered bonds and 
mixed pool-covered bonds. The Covered Bonds that the Issuer may issue under this Base Prospectus would 
be mortgage-covered bonds and the Issuer does not plan to issue mixed pool-covered bonds. Therefore, the 
summary below does not describe the requirements of the ECBA in relation to mixed pool-covered bonds. 
The ECBA is based on the "on-balance sheet" model of covered bonds, meaning that the covered bond 
portfolio (including the cover pool, consisting of the cover assets and possibly certain derivative 
instruments, as described in more detail below) remains under the ownership of the issuer and on its balance 
sheet until the satisfaction of all of the claims under the covered bonds (including in case of a default of the 
issuer). In the event that the issuer is declared bankrupt or upon occurrence of certain other events (which 
have been listed under "Separation of the covered bond portfolio" below), the covered bond portfolio will 
be separated from the issuer. The separated covered bond portfolio will remain in the ownership of the 
issuer (except where the covered bond portfolio is transferred as a whole) and will form an independent 
pool of designated assets by operation of the ECBA. Following the separation of the covered bond portfolio, 
the cover pool and the proceeds received from it may be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders of 
the respective type of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the 
corresponding cover register and to cover the expenses related to the management of the covered bond 
portfolio. The separated covered bond portfolio will not be part of the issuer's bankruptcy estate and a 
moratorium shall not extend to the covered bond portfolio. The separation of the covered bond portfolio 
will not release the issuer from its obligations under the covered bonds and the owners of the covered bonds 
will, following such separation have dual recourse in relation to the claims arising from the covered bonds, 
against the issuer and against the separated cover pool. 
Authorisation 
The ECBA provides that to issue covered bonds, an issuer needs to have a credit institution's authorisation 
(issued in accordance with the Estonian Credit Institutions Act) and an additional authorisation to issue 
covered bonds (issued in accordance with the ECBA). 
The Issuer has been granted on 16 March 2020 an additional authorisation to issue covered bonds by the 
ECB, which has been notified to the Issuer by the EFSA. 
The additional authorisation is issued for an unspecified term and shall expire: 
• 
in the event of expiry of the main credit institution's authorisation – when the main authorisation 
expires; 
• 
in the event of voluntary discontinuation of the issuance of covered bonds – when the authorisation 
for the voluntary discontinuation is received from the EFSA; or

--- Page 173 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
• 
in the event of revocation of the additional authorisation – when the additional authorisation is 
revoked. 
In order to apply for the additional authorisation, members of the management board of the issuer must 
submit to the EFSA a written application and supplementary documents listed in the ECBA. The EFSA 
make a decision to grant or refuse to grant the additional authorisation within three months after receipt of 
all the necessary documents and information that meet requirements, but not later than within six months 
after receipt of the application for the additional authorisation. 
The EFSA shall refuse to grant the additional authorisation to an applicant if: 
• 
the applicant does not meet the requirements for credit institutions or requirements for the public 
offering or trading of securities provided for in the Credit Institutions Act or in other legislation or 
has repeatedly or materially breached these requirements during the last 5 years; 
• 
the applicant does not have the capacity to ensure the existence of sufficient internal capital for the 
purposes of the of the Credit Institutions Act to cover all risks arising from the activities described 
in the additions to the business plan that are not subject to the requirements for self-funding; 
• 
the applicant does not meet the requirements for issuers provided for in ECBA or legislation issued 
on the basis thereof; 
• 
the applicant does not have the necessary resources and experience for issuance of covered bonds 
and administration of a covered bond portfolio; 
• 
the internal rules of the applicant are not sufficiently precise or unambiguous to regulate the 
activities of an issuer of covered bonds; or 
• 
the applicant's monitor does not meet the requirements provided for in the ECBA or legislation 
issued on the basis thereof. 
Upon deciding whether to grant or refuse to grant the additional authorisation, the EFSA shall consider the 
following: 
• 
the level of the organisational and technical administration of the applicant's activities; 
• 
the professional preparation and experience of persons involved in the management of the covered 
bond portfolio, and the clarity of their rights, obligations and responsibilities; and 
• 
the activities, financial position and reputation of the applicant, its shareholder and persons 
belonging to the same consolidation group as the applicant. 
The EFSA may revoke the additional authorisation if: 
• 
it has become evident that, when applying for the additional authorisation, the applicant submitted 
misleading or false information or documents to the EFSA; 
• 
the issuer does not meet the requirements in force with regard to the grant of additional 
authorisations; 
• 
the issuer has repeatedly or materially breached the provisions of the ECBA; 
• 
the issuer has, by its activities, prevented the EFSA from exercising supervision under the ECBA; 
• 
the issuer is unable to meet the liabilities it has assumed in connection with covered bonds or, for 
any other reason, its activities significantly impair the interests of investors or other clients or 
adversely affect the regular functioning of the securities market; 
• 
the issuer has failed to comply with a precept of the EFSA within the term or in the manner 
prescribed; or

--- Page 174 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
• 
the issuer has not issued any new covered bonds within five years after the receipt of the additional 
authorisation or after the redemption of all previously issued covered bonds. 
Cover register 
Under the ECBA, the issuer is obliged to maintain a cover register, that contains information on the cover 
assets securing the covered bonds. The cover assets entered in the cover register for the same type of 
covered bonds constitute a cover pool. One and the same type of covered bonds, their cover pool, and the 
derivative instruments entered in the cover register constitute a covered bond portfolio. The cover register 
consists of the main register and sub-registers. In addition to the cases provided by the ECBA, a sub-register 
must be created in order to ensure that the cover pool and derivative instruments related to a specific covered 
bond portfolio will be properly recorded. When creating sub-registers, the issuer must take into account the 
size of the covered bond portfolio, the complexity of its structure and other relevant indicators. 
The entry of a claim serving as coverage for covered bonds in the cover register or its deletion from the 
cover register does not require the consent of the debtor or the third party concerned and the issuer generally 
does not have an obligation to inform the debtor or the third party concerned of the entry of the claim in the 
cover register. As an exception, the debtor of a claim and the counterparty to a derivative instrument entered 
in the cover register may at any time, and an interested party may in a justified case, request information as 
to whether the claim or derivative instrument that is related thereto has been entered in the cover register. 
The obligation to provide the information lies with the issuer, the cover pool administrator and the 
bankruptcy trustee for the covered bond portfolio. 
Disclosure of information relating to covered bonds 
The ECBA requires an issuer of covered bonds to disclose information about covered bond portfolios once 
a quarter. Information for the first three quarters of a year must be disclosed within one month from the end 
of each quarter. Information for the fourth quarter must be disclosed within two months from the end of the 
quarter. The disclosed information must be available on the issuer's website for at least the last five years. 
The following information must be disclosed: 
(i) 
the nominal value and present value of outstanding covered bonds and of the cover pool; 
(ii) 
the maturity structure of the covered bonds and the cover pool; 
(iii) 
the percentage of fixed-interest cover assets in the cover pool and the percentage of fixed-interest 
covered bonds in the liabilities of the covered bond portfolio; 
(iv) 
the graduated breakdown of the interest rates on fixed and non-fixed-interest cover assets; 
(v) 
the percentage of cover assets denominated in a foreign currency in the cover pool and the 
percentage of covered bonds denominated in a foreign currency in the liabilities of the covered 
bond portfolio; 
(vi) 
the geographical distribution of the value of cover assets, at least to the accuracy of the country, 
based on the location of the property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit or 
commercial mortgage-backed credit, and the location of the debtor or issuer in the case of other 
cover assets; 
(vii) 
the distribution of substitute cover assets, in terms of their value, between the different types of 
eligible substitute cover assets; 
(viii) 
the level of the liquidity buffer; and 
(ix) 
the percentage of the amount of substitute cover assets, which have been in default for over 90 
days or which the issuer estimates to be doubtful, in the cover pool. 
In addition, the following information shall be disclosed regarding the primary cover assets for mortgage-
covered bonds: 
(i) 
the graduated breakdown of the amounts of mortgage-backed credits; and

--- Page 175 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the percentage of the amount of mortgage-backed credits, which have been in default for over 90 
days or which the issuer estimates to be doubtful, in the cover pool. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
Under the ECBA, Eligible Assets consist of primary cover assets and substitute cover assets. Primary cover 
assets must constitute at least 80 per cent. of the principal cover pool of a covered bond portfolio. Regarding 
the requirements of the ECBA for substitute cover assets, please see "Substitute cover assets" below. 
In accordance with the ECBA, primary cover assets of mortgage-covered bonds may only consist of the 
issuer's claims that arise from a credit issued to a natural person against a mortgage established on a 
residential property located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which comply 
with the conditions provided for in the ECBA. 
For the purposes of the ECBA, a residential property is property referred to in Article 4 (1) (75) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
Claims arising from a mortgage-backed credit issued to a natural person against a residential property 
located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement other than Estonia may be used as 
coverage for mortgage-covered bonds only if the mortgage securing the mortgage-backed credit or other 
right of security provide the creditor with protection that is equivalent to the protection provided by a 
mortgage established under Estonian legislation. It is assumed that cover assets meeting the conditions laid 
down in Article 208 (2) of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
provide the creditor with protection that is equivalent to the protection provided by a mortgage established 
under Estonian legislation. 
The following may not be entered into the cover register: 
• 
a mortgage-backed credit which is in default at the time that the credit is entered in the cover 
register. 
• 
a mortgage-backed credit in the case of which the issuer's claim arising from the credit or the 
mortgage securing the claim is encumbered, or in the case of which the issuer's claim arising from 
the credit, the mortgage securing the claim or the property on which the mortgage has been 
established is subject to a restraint on disposition. 
The valuation of the property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register 
which is located in Estonia must be done by a valuator meeting the requirements provided for in the 
Estonian Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act in compliance with the requirements provided for in the 
Estonian Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act. The valuation of the property standing as security for a 
mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register which is located in the territory of a Contracting State 
of the EEA Agreement other than Estonia must be done by a valuator who holds a relevant professional 
qualification in the relevant Contracting State of the EEA Agreement, in accordance with the legislation, 
relevant standards and good practices in force in the relevant Contracting State of the EEA Agreement and 
the following conditions are met: 
• 
the methodology and rules of procedure applied ensured an objective and impartial valuation; and 
• 
the valuation or the result thereof was documented in a format that can be reproduced in writing 
and in such a way as to enable the identification of, inter alia, the identity of the valuator or the 
issuer's structural unit conducting the valuation, the methodology and rules of procedure applied 
in the valuation, and the source data used for making the valuation. 
Where the mortgage established on an immovable property secures claims arising from different credit 
agreements, the claims arising from these credits may serve as coverage for mortgage-covered bonds only 
if the credit has been issued to one and the same person under the credit agreements and all the credits have 
been issued in the same currency. In this case, when calculating the ratio of credit to value of the property 
securing the mortgage-backed credit, the claims arising from all credit agreements shall be deemed to be 
claims arising from one credit agreement and the claims shall be added together.

--- Page 176 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
The claims of the issuer arising from a mortgage-backed credit may be used as coverage for mortgage-
covered bonds in an amount of up to 70 per cent. of the value of the property securing the mortgage-backed 
credit. Nevertheless, all the issuer's claims arising from the mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover 
register are included in the cover pool. 
To include a claim of the issuer arising from a mortgage-backed credit as coverage for mortgage-covered 
bonds, the mortgage securing the claim must account to (i.e. the sum of the mortgage must be) at least 110 
per cent. of the issued credit. The sum of mortgage may exceed the value of the property securing the credit. 
Under the ECBA, a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit and entered in the cover 
register must, until the recipient of the credit has met all the obligations owed to the issuer, be insured under 
the terms and conditions normally used to insure similar properties in the Contracting State of the EEA 
Agreement in such a way as to ensure that all relevant risks are insured. As an exception, an undeveloped 
residential property does not need to be insured. If the property is a residential building, apartment building 
or apartment under construction, the insurance obligation arises at the moment when the building being 
constructed becomes a construction with an interior space that is separated from the external environment 
by a roof and other parts of the building envelope. In the absence of an insurance agreement meeting the 
conditions described above, the issuer must remove the claims arising from the mortgage-backed credit 
from the cover register unless an insurance agreement meeting the described requirements is entered within 
30 business days from the moment the issuer became aware of the absence of the insurance agreement. A 
mortgage-backed credit may be included in the cover register only if the market value of the property 
standing as security for the credit has been appraised by an appraiser meeting the requirements provided 
for in section the Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act, in accordance with the requirements laid down 
and the regulation adopted under the said act. 
The value of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register must 
be reviewed at least once a year and reappraised, if necessary. Furthermore, the value of a property standing 
as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register shall be additionally reviewed and 
reappraised, if necessary: 
• 
in the event of a significant change in market conditions; or 
• 
if the information available to the issuer indicates that a significant decline has occurred or is 
occurring in the national or local real estate market, including if it concerns only one specific 
property type, residential building type or other narrower category of properties. 
In the cases listed above, the value of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered 
in the cover register may be reappraised by indexed appraisal. When entering a mortgage-backed credit in 
the cover register, the value of a property standing as security is determined on the basis of the latest 
appraisal or reappraisal, which may not be older than 12 months. 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
In order to ensure the liquidity of the covered bond portfolio where there is a separation of the covered bond 
portfolio from the issuer, the issuer must maintain a liquidity buffer. The liquidity buffer is a part of the 
cover pool and is considered in the calculation of the principal cover pool and the mandatory 
complementary cover pool. The liquidity buffer must be entered in a separate sub-register of the cover 
register. 
The liquidity buffer may comprise only the following cover assets: 
• 
level 1 and level 2A assets specified in Articles 10 and 11 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No. 2015/61 supplementing Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions, except the 
issuer's own covered bonds; or 
• 
deposits meeting the characteristics specified in Article 129(1)(c) of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, provided that they do not 
constitute more than 15 per cent. of the sum of the principal cover pool and the mandatory 
complementary cover pool.

--- Page 177 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
A cover asset included in the liquidity buffer must meet the following conditions: 
• 
it shall not be in default or, in the estimation of the credit institution, doubtful; 
• 
in the case of a deposit, it shall be ensured that the funds deposited will be fully available without 
delay upon the separation of the covered bond portfolio; and 
• 
securities shall be kept in a separate securities account of the issuer or in a manner allowing the 
securities included in the liquidity buffer to be kept unblocked in case of bankruptcy of the issuer. 
To calculate the minimum level of the liquidity buffer, the difference between the payments to be made in 
order to meet all the liabilities arising from the covered bonds and derivative instruments entered in the 
cover register, on the one hand, and the cash flow to be received from the cover pool, on the other hand, 
shall be calculated on a daily basis for each of the following 180 days (hereinafter referred to as the daily 
difference). Thereafter the sum of the accumulated daily differences shall be calculated for each of the 
following 180 days, and the highest negative result shall be covered at all times by cover assets eligible to 
be included in the liquidity buffer. 
Substitute cover assets 
In addition to the primary cover assets, the following cover assets may be included in a cover pool as 
substitute cover assets: 
(i) 
claims on, or guaranteed by, central banks within the European System of Central Banks, or central 
governments, public sector entities, regional governments or local authorities of the Member States 
of the European Union; 
(ii) 
claims on, or guaranteed by, central governments of third countries, central banks of third countries, 
multilateral development banks and international organisations, which qualify for the credit quality 
step 1 in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council; 
(iii) 
claims on, or guaranteed by,` public sector entities of third countries, regional governments of third 
countries or local authorities of third countries, for which a risk weight has been assigned the same 
way as for claims on credit institutions and investment firms or central governments and central 
banks in accordance with Article 115 (1) or (2) and Article 116 (1), (2) or (4) of Regulation (EC) 
No. 575/2013 (EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council and which qualify for the credit 
quality step 1 according to the risk weight so assigned; 
(iv) 
claims specified in items (ii) and (iii) above, which qualify for at least the credit quality step 2 in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
provided that such claims do not exceed 20 per cent. of the nominal value of the outstanding 
covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover; 
(v) 
claims on credit institutions and investment firms, which qualify for the credit quality step 1 in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
provided that such claims do not exceed 15 per cent. of the nominal value of the outstanding 
covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover; 
(vi) 
claims on credit institutions and investment firms established in the European Union with a 
maturity of no more than 100 days, which qualify at least for the credit quality step 2 in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, provided that 
such claims do not exceed 15 per cent. of the nominal value of the outstanding covered bonds in 
the covered bond portfolio that they cover; or 
(vii) 
the surplus of net claims arising from the derivative instruments included in a covered bond 
portfolio that meet the requirements provided for in the ECBA.

--- Page 178 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
Derivatives 
In order to hedge risks arising from covered bonds, an issuer has the right to use derivative instruments and 
to enter them in the cover register, provided that all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
the derivative instrument transaction has been made on the basis of a framework agreement that 
allows netting; 
(ii) 
the counterparty to the transaction is one of the following: 
(a) 
a credit institution, investment firm, management company, investment fund, insurance 
undertaking and another financial institution subject to financial supervision; 
(b) 
the Republic of Estonia, a foreign state, a regional government or the central bank of 
Estonia or a foreign state; 
(c) 
an international institution or organisation, including the International Monetary Fund, the 
European Central Bank, and the European Investment Bank; 
(d) 
a financial institution whose only business activity is investment in securities, a market 
trader in commodities and commodity derivatives; 
(e) 
a large enterprise (i.e. a company which meets at least two of the following conditions: 1) 
the balance sheet total thereof is equal to or exceeds 20 million euros; 2) the net turnover 
thereof is equal to or exceeds 40 million euros; 3) the equity thereof is equal to or exceeds 
2 million euros); 
(f) 
another professional client or an eligible counterparty pursuant to the Securities Market 
Act or a person who is considered a professional client or an eligible counterparty pursuant 
to the current legislation of another Contracting State, excluding the case when the client 
has applied for being treated as a retail client. 
(iii) 
the terms and conditions of the framework agreement or transaction ensure that, in the event of the 
issuer's insolvency, if it does not lead to the insolvency of the covered bond portfolio related to the 
particular derivative instrument, the counterparty to the transaction is not entitled to prematurely 
terminate the transaction or framework agreement; 
(iv) 
the sole purpose of the transaction is to hedge the issuer's risks arising from the specific type of 
covered bonds; and 
(v) 
the counterparty to the transaction has given consent to the inclusion of the derivative instrument 
in the cover register (whereas such consent is presumed if a framework agreement between the 
parties provides or if the issuer has otherwise informed the counterparty to the derivative 
instrument that the framework agreement is concluded for the purpose of hedging the risks arising 
from the specific covered bond portfolio). 
In the event that the issuer has the right to require the counterparty to a derivative instrument to provide 
security on the basis of a claim arising from the derivative instrument, the security shall be comprised of 
claims that qualify as substitute cover assets (please see "Substitute Cover Assets" above) and shall be 
entered in a separate sub-register of the cover register. 
In the event that the cash flow to be received by the issuer from a derivative instrument entered in the cover 
register exceeds the payments to be made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument and 
if an extraordinary termination of the transaction results in a positive cash flow for the issuer, the lower of 
the following amounts shall be treated as the net claim: 
• 
the positive cash flow resulting for the issuer from the extraordinary termination of the transaction; 
or 
• 
the cash flow to be received by the issuer from the derivative instrument, less the payments to be 
made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument.

--- Page 179 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
In event that the payments to be made to meet the issuer's liabilities arising from a derivative instrument 
entered in the cover register exceed the cash flow to be received from the derivative instrument or an 
extraordinary termination of the transaction results in a negative cash flow for the issuer, the lower of the 
following amounts shall be treated as the net liability: 
• 
the negative cash flow resulting for the issuer from the extraordinary termination of the transaction; 
or 
• 
the payments to be made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument, less the cash 
flow to be received by the issuer from the derivative instrument. 
The issuer shall subtract the net liabilities from the net claims arising from the derivative instruments 
included in a covered bond portfolio and, depending on the result, shall treat the negative result as the 
surplus of net liabilities and the positive result as the surplus of net claims. 
Separation of the covered bond portfolio 
The ECBA prescribes that upon the occurrence of the following events, the covered bond portfolio shall be 
considered separated from the issuer: 
(i) 
the issuer is declared bankrupt; 
(ii) 
a moratorium is established in respect of the issuer; 
(iii) 
a crisis resolution procedure is initiated in respect of the issuer; 
(iv) 
the additional authorisation or main authorisation of the issuer expires; 
(v) 
a court ruling providing for compulsory dissolution of the issuer takes effect; 
(vi) 
the authorisation for voluntary dissolution of the credit institution or discontinuation of the issuance 
of covered bonds is received from the EFSA; or 
(vii) 
the entry into force of a court ruling satisfying the petition of the EFSA for the separation of the 
covered bond portfolio takes effect. 
The EFSA may determine the separation of a covered bond portfolio prior to the occurrence of an event 
specified above, if: 
• 
the issuer is breaching or is likely to materially breach the requirements of the ECBA or other 
legislation regarding the activities of a credit institution in the near future; or 
• 
the issuer is likely to become insolvent in the near future. 
After the separation of the covered bond portfolio, an independent pool of designated assets is formed, in 
which the cover pool and the proceeds received from it can be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders 
of the respective type of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the derivative instrument entered in the 
corresponding cover register and to cover the expenses related to the management of the covered bond 
portfolio. Upon the separation of the covered bond portfolio (except when separation takes place due to the 
initiation of crisis resolution proceedings in respect of the issuer): 
• 
the right to manage the covered bond portfolios and the right to participate, instead of the issuer, 
in court proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio shall transfer to the cover pool 
administrator; and 
• 
the issuer shall lose the right to undertake any transactions with the assets included in a covered 
bond portfolio. 
The separation of a covered bond portfolio does not affect the rights and obligations arising from covered 
bonds or from the derivative instruments and the cover pool entered in the cover register, except as provided 
above. The claims of the holders of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments

--- Page 180 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
entered in the cover register shall be satisfied at the expense of the cover pool and proceeds received from 
it, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered bonds and derivative instruments. 
Appointment of cover pool administrator 
In the event that: (i) the issuer is declared bankrupt; (ii) the covered bond portfolio is separated; (iii) the 
compulsory dissolution of an issuer is decided by a court; (iv) the EFSA revokes the issuer's credit 
institution's authorisation or the additional authorisation for issuing covered bonds; (v) the EFSA authorises 
the voluntary dissolution of the issuer as a credit institution or voluntary discontinuation of the issuance of 
covered bonds by the issuer; or (vi) the EFSA establishes a moratorium over the issuer, the court shall, on 
the proposal of the EFSA, appoint a cover pool administrator in respect of the covered bond portfolios in 
the ruling on bankruptcy, the ruling on the separation of the covered bond portfolio or the ruling on the 
compulsory dissolution. The court shall appoint a cover pool administrator without delay, but not later than 
within three days after receipt of the petition from the EFSA (other than where the issuer is declared 
bankrupt or the compulsory dissolution of an issuer is decided by a court, in which case the cover pool 
administrator is appointed immediately upon the making of the court ruling to declare the issuer bankrupt 
or decide on its compulsory dissolution). 
Where urgent transactions need to be made to manage the covered bond portfolio, until the cover pool 
administrator is appointed, the administrator's rights and obligations are carried out by the cover pool 
monitor (other than in case the issuer is declared bankrupt or the compulsory dissolution of an issuer is 
decided by a court, in which case the cover pool administrator is appointed immediately upon the making 
of the court ruling to declare the issuer bankrupt or decide on its compulsory dissolution). 
In the event of the appointment of a cover pool administrator, the right to manage and dispose of a covered 
bond portfolio shall transfer to such cover pool administrator. The cover pool administrator shall represent 
the issuer in the management and disposal of covered bond portfolios, including meeting the liabilities 
arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register, in the 
acceptance of satisfaction of claims included in the cover pool, in the enforcement of mortgages and other 
rights of security, and in legal disputes. 
The cover pool administrator must manage the covered bond portfolio with the necessary diligence, 
considering its nature, and in a manner ensuring that the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the 
derivative instruments entered in the cover register are met in the best possible way. To this end, the cover 
pool administrator has the right to transfer and encumber the cover pool, enter into derivative instruments 
at the expense of the cover pool, and perform other necessary operations. The cover pool administrator has 
the right to use the cover pool and the proceeds received from it to cover the expenses necessary for the 
management of covered bond portfolios. 
Upon his or her appointment, the cover pool administrator shall promptly, but not later than within two 
weeks, ascertain whether the cover pool and proceeds received from it are sufficient to meet the issuer's 
liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register and 
to pay the expenses of management of the covered bond portfolio. In the event that the covered bond 
portfolio appears to be insolvent, the cover pool administrator shall promptly notify the EFSA thereof. 
In order to perform his or her duties, the cover pool administrator may use the assistance of the issuer's 
employees and the issuer's tools, compensating the issuer for the expenses entailed by their use. The issuer 
shall deliver the contracts and other documents related to covered bonds and the cover pool to the cover 
pool administrator and shall provide the cover pool administrator with access to the information systems 
used for the management of covered bond portfolios. 
In the management of covered bond portfolios, the cover pool administrator must observe the mandatory 
requirements concerning the management of covered bond portfolios and the satisfaction of claims, as 
established for issuers by the Credit Institutions Act and the ECBA, including the requirements for banking 
secrecy and for processing of personal data imposed on credit institutions. 
Enforcement proceedings concerning cover pools 
A cover pool can be made subject to a claim for payment, seized or be made subject to a restraint on 
disposition only for the purpose of performance of the obligations that arise from covered bonds and from 
derivative instruments related to covered bonds. A claim for payment, seizure or restraint on disposition

--- Page 181 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
can be imposed only on the cover pool as a whole and only for the amount of the claim raised by a creditor 
of the covered bond portfolio. The issuer or the cover pool administrator shall keep accounts and records 
of claims for payment, seizures and restraints on disposition. 
The imposition of a claim for payment, seizure or other restraint on disposition on a cover asset or cover 
pool for reasons not related to covered bonds does not result in the revocation of the additional authorisation 
or the appointment of a cover pool administrator if the issuer meets all the other requirements arising from 
the ECBA and there are no other grounds for revoking the additional authorisation or for appointing a cover 
pool administrator. If, in the aforementioned case, the value of the cover pool would fall below the statutory 
level, the issuer shall immediately replace the cover asset that is subject to a claim for payment, seizure or 
restraint on disposition with another cover asset of the same value. 
Covered bond portfolio in resolution proceedings 
In the event that crisis resolutions proceedings under the FCPRA (which incorporates into Estonian law 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms) have been initiated, 
the covered bond portfolio will separate from the issuer but no cover pool administrator shall be appointed 
in crisis resolution proceedings. In such case, the cover pool will be administered by the temporary 
administrator of the issuer, appointed in relation to the crisis resolution proceedings.  
In the event that the bail-in and loss absorption mechanism is used in the crisis resolution proceedings of 
the issuer, then such mechanism may in accordance with the FCPRA not affect the cover pool of covered 
bonds. The FCPRA prescribes that the cover pool of covered bonds must remain segregated and with 
enough funding. Please also see the risk factor "The Estonian legislation implementing the BRRD Directive" 
above. 
Transfer of a covered bond portfolio in its entirety 
In the event that the covered bond portfolio is separated from the issuer, the cover pool administrator may, 
upon the permission of the EFSA, transfer the separated covered bond portfolio in its entirety to another 
Estonian credit institution that has obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds or to a credit 
institution of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which is permitted to issue, in the country where 
it is established, securities meeting the conditions laid down in the first subparagraph of Article 52 (4) of 
Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable 
securities. Upon such transfer, all rights and obligations related to the covered bond portfolio being 
transferred, including responsibility for the obligations arising before the transfer of the rights and 
obligations, shall be transferred to the acquirer. The proceeds received from the transfer of the covered 
bond portfolio in its entirety shall be used to cover the expenses of management of the covered bond 
portfolio. The funds remaining after all expenses are covered shall be included by the cover pool 
administrator in the issuer's bankruptcy estate or other assets. If any payment is made in respect of the 
claims included in the cover pool to the issuer after the transfer of the covered bond portfolio, such payment 
is deemed to be made in favour of the covered bond portfolio and accordingly the issuer shall immediately 
transfer the relevant amount to the acquirer. 
In the event that a covered bond portfolio is transferred in its entirety, the transfer of the rights and 
obligations included in the covered bond portfolio shall not require the consent of the holders of covered 
bonds, other parties to contracts, creditors or other interested parties. The acquirer is obliged to, within a 
reasonable time after the acquisition of the covered bond portfolio, inform the holders of the covered bonds, 
debtors of the claims constituting the cover pool, the counterparties to derivative instruments related to the 
cover pool and the third parties concerned of all the circumstances necessary for the exercise and 
performance of the respective rights and obligations. 
A covered bond portfolio may be transferred in its entirety to another Estonian credit institution that has 
obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds if both the following conditions are met: 
• 
the acquirer meets all the requirements established for issuers by the Credit Institutions Act, this 
Act and other legislation and has not breached these requirements repeatedly or materially during 
the last 5 years; and

--- Page 182 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
• 
the acquirer has the capacity to ensure the existence of sufficient internal capital within the meaning 
of the Estonian Credit Institutions Act to cover all risks arising from the acquisition of the covered 
bond portfolio that are not subject to own funds requirements. 
A covered bond portfolio may be transferred in its entirety to an acquirer being a credit institution 
established in another Contracting State of the EEA Agreement if all of the following conditions are met: 
• 
the acquirer meets all the requirements imposed on credit institutions and issuers of covered bonds 
by the law of the country where the acquirer is established, and the acquirer has not breached these 
requirements repeatedly or materially during the last 5 years; 
• 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established guarantees the coverage of the covered 
bonds included in the covered bond portfolio to be transferred and of the related derivative 
instruments entered in the cover register, as well as the rights of the holders of the covered bonds 
and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register at a level that 
is at least equivalent to that guaranteed by Estonian law; 
• 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established guarantees the rights of the debtors of the 
claims standing as security for the covered bonds at a level that is at least equivalent to that 
guaranteed by Estonian law, and the transfer will not render the performance of the obligations 
more expensive or difficult for the debtor of any such claim; 
• 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established allows the acquirer to acquire the covered 
bond portfolio; and 
• 
the acquirer has all the necessary authorisations and approvals for the acquisition of the covered 
bond portfolio that are required for the transaction according to the law of the country where the 
acquirer is established. 
In order to obtain permission for the transfer of a covered bond portfolio, the acquirer shall, not later than 
on the 20th day after the conclusion of the contract for the transfer of the covered bond portfolio in its 
entirety, submit to the EFSA a written application and the supplementary documents and information 
required under the ECBA. 
The EFSA may refuse to grant permission for the transfer of a covered bond portfolio if: 
• 
the above described requirements for the acquirer of a covered bond portfolio are not met; or 
• 
there are other circumstances damaging to the legitimate interests of the holders of covered bonds 
and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register. 
Insolvency of a separated covered bond portfolio 
A separated covered bond portfolio is insolvent if one of the following circumstances occurs: 
• 
it is not possible to satisfy the legitimate claim of at least one holder of covered bonds or 
counterparty to a derivative instrument entered in the cover register at the expense of the cover 
pool or the proceeds received from it, and this impossibility is not temporary due to the economic 
situation of the covered bond portfolio; or 
• 
the present value of the cover pool does not cover the present value of the liabilities arising from 
covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register and the expenses 
of management of the covered bond portfolio. 
Upon the insolvency of a covered bond portfolio, the insolvency proceedings of the covered bond portfolio 
would be carried out in accordance with the procedure laid out in the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, subject to 
the specification provided in the ECBA. 
Only the EFSA has the right to file a bankruptcy petition in respect of a separated covered bond portfolio. 
Upon the submission of a bankruptcy petition by the EFSA, the court will review the bankruptcy petition 
promptly but not later than on the following business day and decide on the declaration of bankruptcy on

--- Page 183 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
the basis of evidence annexed to the bankruptcy petition. On the basis of the bankruptcy ruling, the covered 
bond portfolio concerned shall become a separate bankruptcy estate of the issuer. 
In the bankruptcy proceedings of a separated covered bond portfolio only the holders of covered bonds, the 
counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register who have a claim arising from 
failure to perform an obligation in accordance section 48 of the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, and other persons 
whose claims may be satisfied at the expense of the cover pool or proceeds received from it according to 
law, can be creditors in bankruptcy proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio. Claims arising from 
derivative instruments and covered bonds shall have the same ranking and shall be satisfied before the 
claims of other creditors. 
Upon the bankruptcy of a covered bond portfolio, the court shall appoint the bankruptcy trustee for the 
covered bond portfolio on the basis of the proposal of the EFSA. In addition to the general duties, rights 
and obligations the bankruptcy trustee has under the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, the bankruptcy trustee shall: 
• 
submit to the EFSA, without delay, the information requested by the latter and allow the EFSA to 
examine the documentation related to the bankruptcy proceedings concerning the covered bond 
portfolio; and 
• 
if necessary, or if so prescribed by the legislation of the other Contracting State of the EEA 
Agreement, notify the registrar of the commercial register, land register or other relevant register 
of the Contracting State of the EEA Agreement where a cover asset is located about the bankruptcy 
ruling concerning the covered bond portfolio. 
In addition to the appointment of a bankruptcy trustee, a bankruptcy committee shall be formed for the 
insolvent covered bond portfolio. The bankruptcy committee shall have five members, three of which shall 
be appointed by the EFSA. 
In the event that a claim included in the cover pool of the bankrupt covered bond portfolio is satisfied with 
respect to the issuer, such satisfaction shall be deemed to be satisfaction in favour of the bankruptcy estate 
of the covered bond portfolio in bankruptcy proceedings. The issuer or its bankruptcy trustee shall transfer 
the proceeds of the satisfaction immediately to the bankruptcy trustee of the covered bond portfolio. 
Bankruptcy proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio may not be terminated by a compromise, 
(which is a special court-supervised proceeding generally available under the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, 
allowing termination of bankruptcy proceedings upon reaching a settlement agreement approved by a 
majority of the creditors whose claims form at least two-thirds of the total amount of all defended claims 
in the bankruptcy proceedings). To the extent that it is not possible to satisfy claims arising from covered 
bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register in the bankruptcy proceedings 
concerning the covered bond portfolio, a creditor shall have the right to file claims against the issuer in the 
general procedure, including in bankruptcy proceedings. 
Liquidation of a separated covered bond portfolio 
A separated covered bond portfolio shall be liquidated once all the liabilities arising from covered bonds 
and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register are met. Within 20 business days from the 
date of meeting all the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in 
the cover register, the cover pool administrator is obliged to submit to the EFSA the last reports required 
by the ECBA, disclose all information required under the ECBA and publish a notice regarding the 
liquidation of the covered bond portfolio in the Estonian Official Gazette (in Estonian: Ametlikud 
Teadaanded). After the fulfilment of the above listed obligations by the cover pool administrator, the EFSA 
shall within 10 business days file a petition for release of the administrator from office with a court. 
From the date of entry into force of the court ruling on the release of the cover pool administrator from 
office, the provisions of the ECBA shall no longer apply to the portion of the cover pool that remains after 
the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register 
are met and the expenses of management of the covered bond portfolio are paid. The person whose term of 
office as the cover pool administrator has ended shall, insofar as possible, assist in the inclusion of the 
assets referred to in the first sentence of this subsection in the issuer's bankruptcy estate or other assets.

--- Page 184 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
State supervision 
Supervision over the issuance of covered bonds under the ECBA consists of state supervision by the EFSA 
and supervision by an independent cover pool monitor, which is appointed by the issuer. 
The EFSA's role in relation to the ECBA consists of supervision over the activities of issuers of covered 
bonds and cover pool administrators. Such supervision includes the issuing of additional authorisations to 
credit institutions for the issuing of covered bonds (which is a prerequisite for a credit institution to issue 
covered bonds under the ECBA) and the revocation of such authorisations, applying to court for the 
appointment of a new cover pool monitor, deciding the separation of the covered bond portfolio from the 
issuer, applying to court for the appointment of a cover pool administrator and for the release of a cover 
pool administrator from its office, approving and refusing transfers of covered bond portfolios in their 
entirety, filing bankruptcy petitions in respect of separated covered bond portfolios and appointing members 
to the bankruptcy committee for covered bond portfolios. 
For the purpose of performing its supervision activities, the EFSA has the right to request reports, 
information, documents and oral or written explanations concerning facts relevant to the exercise of 
supervision. Furthermore, the EFSA has the right to require, for the purpose of performing supervision 
activities, issuers, cover pool monitors and cover pool administrators to submit all information and 
documents necessary for verification of the compliance of covered bond portfolios with requirements. In 
addition to the above and the rights the EFSA has for carrying out supervision under other laws of Estonia, 
the EFSA has the right to issue precepts to issuers requiring: 
(i) 
the inclusion of cover assets in a cover register; 
(ii) 
the entry of cover assets meeting the conditions provided for in the ECBA in the liquidity buffer 
sub-register; 
(iii) 
the removal of non-compliant cover assets or derivative instruments from the cover register; 
(iv) 
the correction of incorrect entries in the cover register; 
(v) 
the reappraisal of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit or a commercial 
mortgage-backed credit in accordance with the methodology specified by the EFSA; 
(vi) 
the conduct of a stress test of the covered bond portfolio in accordance with the methodology 
specified by the EFSA; 
(vii) 
the replacement of a cover pool monitor; 
(viii) 
the provision of information to the cover pool monitor and allowing it to access documents and 
information systems; and 
(ix) 
the calculation of the present value of the covered bonds or the cover assets in accordance with the 
methodology specified by the EFSA. 
In the event of failure to comply with an administrative act issued in accordance with the ECBA, the EFSA 
has the right to impose penalty payments until the failure to comply is cured. Furthermore, in case of certain 
breaches of the requirements of the ECBA, the EFSA has the right to impose fines in the amount of up to 
EUR 1,200 in case of a breach by a natural person and fines in the amount of up to EUR 400,000 in case 
of breach by a legal person. 
In addition to the above, in the case of certain breaches of the ECBA or a failure by the issuer to duly and 
timely fulfil a precept issued by the EFSA, the EFSA may revoke the issuer's additional authorisation for 
the issuing of covered bonds, which would also result in the separation of the covered bond portfolio. 
Cover pool monitor 
For the performance of the duties provided for in the ECBA, the issuer must appoint an independent cover 
pool monitor. The cover pool monitor must be an auditing company which ensures that the tasks of the 
cover pool monitor are only fulfilled by a sworn auditor with who is trustworthy and has an impeccable

--- Page 185 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
business reputation, adequate knowledge and experience. The cover pool monitor may not be an auditing 
company who audits the annual reports of the issuer. 
Pursuant to the ECBA, the statutory duties of a monitor are to verify: 
(i) 
the compliance of stress testing of a covered bond portfolio and the changes introduced to the 
covered bond portfolio as a result of stress testing to requirements; 
(ii) 
the existence of a sufficient cover pool and its compliance with requirements; 
(iii) 
the compliance of the maintenance of the cover register with requirements; 
(iv) 
the compliance of the appraisal of immovable properties encumbered with a mortgage securing 
credit and included in the cover pool with requirements; 
(v) 
the compliance of the issuer's risk management and reporting with requirements; and 
(vi) 
the compliance of the terms and conditions of covered bonds with requirements. 
The monitor has the right to determine the scope and duration of the verification on each occasion. The 
monitor may carry out an on-the-spot verification at the place of establishment or place of business of the 
issuer, notifying the issuer at least two business days in advance. The issuer must allow the monitor to 
examine documents and information systems and shall provide the monitor with the information to the 
extent necessary for the performance of the monitor's duties. 
The monitor must inform the issuer of any deficiencies found during verification in a format that can be 
reproduced in writing and shall set a reasonable deadline for elimination of the deficiencies. The monitor 
must notify the EFSA of the deficiencies that are not fully eliminated by the deadline set. The monitor must 
further notify the EFSA, promptly and in a format that can be reproduced in writing, of any circumstances 
or decisions that have come to the knowledge to the monitor and that result or may result in: 
• 
a material breach of the legislation regulating the activities of the issuer; 
• 
a material breach of the conditions under which the additional authorisation was granted; or 
• 
a situation, or the risk of a situation arising, in which the issuer is unable to perform its liabilities 
arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register. 
The monitor must draw up a summary of verification activities that gives an overview of performance of 
its duties, the deficiencies found and the measures taken to eliminate them. The period covered by the 
summary of verification activities must correspond to the issuer's financial year. The summary of 
verification activities is to be submitted to the issuer and the EFSA within three months after the end of the 
issuer's financial year. 
The appointment of the cover pool monitor is decided by issuer's general meeting. A monitor shall be 
appointed for a term of at least one year. The term of office of a monitor shall terminate: 
• 
when a cover pool administrator is appointed; 
• 
when a crisis resolution procedure is initiated; 
• 
when the covered bond portfolio is declared bankrupt; 
• 
when the monitor is removed by the general meeting; 
• 
when the monitor resigns of his or her own accord; or 
• 
when the monitor's term of appointment ends. 
In the event of the voluntary resignation of the monitor, the monitor must notify the issuer and the EFSA 
thereof at least 30 days in advance. In the event of removal of the monitor by the general meeting, the issuer

--- Page 186 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
must notify the EFSA about the planned removal 10 days before the relevant resolution is adopted, unless 
prior notification is not possible for good reason. 
A court shall, in the proceedings initiated on the basis of a petition of the EFSA, appoint a new monitor if: 
• 
the general meeting of the issuer has not appointed a new monitor or there is reason to believe that 
a new monitor cannot be appointed before the termination of the term of office of the then current 
monitor; or 
• 
the then current monitor does not meet the requirements established by law or there are deficiencies 
in the performance of his or her duties. 
The term of office of a monitor appointed by a court shall continue until the general meeting appoints a 
new monitor. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has appointed PWC pursuant to the Asset Monitor 
Agreement as a cover pool monitor in respect of the Programme to perform tests in respect of the Covered 
Bond Portfolio in compliance with the requirements of the ECBA.

--- Page 187 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to certain 
benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA 
Benchmarks Register") are set out below. 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator appears on  
ESMA Benchmarks Register? 
 
 
 
NIBOR 
Norske Finansielle Referanser  
Yes 
STIBOR 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility  
No 
 
 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such 
that 
the 
Swedish 
Financial 
Benchmark Facility is not currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence). 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute  
Yes 
CIBOR 
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility 
ApS 
Yes

--- Page 188 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds. It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds, whether in 
those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should consult their own tax 
advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Covered 
Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Covered Bonds and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after 
such date. 
Taxation of interest in Estonia 
Estonian Resident Covered Bondholders 
In accordance with Article 17(1) of the Income Tax Act of Estonia (tulumaksuseadus), as amended (the 
"ITA"), income tax at the rate of 20 per cent. is charged on interest received by individuals who are resident 
in Estonia. Furthermore, income tax payable in respect of interest payments to be made to Estonian residents 
is to be withheld by the Issuer. The Issuer will not withhold income tax if the Estonian resident Covered 
Bondholder, who is an individual, has notified the Issuer that the interest was received on financial assets 
acquired for money held in an investment account as specified in Article 172 of the ITA. 
Resident legal entities are not subject to income tax upon receiving interest income. Under the Estonian 
corporate income tax system such income is included in their profits and taxed upon distribution of profit 
pursuant to the respective procedures. 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
The Issuer is not subject to withholding any income tax on interest payments to non-residents (including 
whether the non-resident is a legal entity or an individual, or if the legal entity has a permanent 
establishment in Estonia). 
Provided that: (a) the tax residency of the Covered Bondholders is not known by the Issuer at the time that 
the Issuer makes an interest payment to a Paying Agent; and (b) the Paying Agent is a non-resident person, 
no withholdings will be made in Estonia. 
The income earned by non-resident Covered Bondholders is not subject to taxation in Estonia but may be 
subject to taxation in their country of residence. 
Definitive Covered Bonds 
Covered Bondholders should be aware that, if Definitive Covered Bonds are issued, holders of any 
Definitive Covered Bonds that are not held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, who are 
individuals (i.e. not legal entities), will be required to present evidence of non-Estonian tax residency or 
other evidence as required by the Issuer, to the relevant Paying Agent if the Paying Agent is a tax resident 
in Estonia, in order to receive payments of interest free of Estonian withholding tax (which, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, is charged at a rate of 20 per cent.). 
Taxation of capital gains in Estonia 
Estonian Resident Covered Bondholders 
The income earned by resident individuals from the sale or exchange of Covered Bonds is taxed as gain 
from the transfer of property which is subject to income tax at the rate of 20 per cent. A Covered Bondholder 
has to declare the gain received and pay the income tax on its annual income tax return. The gain or loss 
derived from the transfer of Covered Bonds is the difference between the acquisition cost and the sale price 
of the Covered Bonds. A resident individual has the right to deduct any loss suffered upon the transfer of 
securities during a period of taxation from the gains derived from the transfer of securities during the same 
period of taxation. If the amount of loss suffered upon transfer of the Covered Bonds during a period of 
taxation exceeds the amount of gains derived by a taxpayer from the transfer of the Covered Bonds during

--- Page 189 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
the same taxation period, the amount by which the loss exceeds the gains may be deducted from the gains 
derived from the transfer of the Covered Bonds during subsequent taxation periods. 
Moreover, under Article 37(1) of the ITA, a resident individual has the right to deduct certified expenses 
directly related to the sale of Covered Bonds from the resident's gain or to add such expenses to the 
resident's loss.  
Upon using an investment account specified in Article 172 of the ITA for the purposes of making 
transactions with the Covered Bonds and depositing the proceeds from the transfer of Covered Bonds in 
the investment account, individual Covered Bondholders may postpone the taxation of their income derived 
from the sale or exchange of the Covered Bonds. The moment of taxation of the financial income held on 
an investment account is postponed until such income is withdrawn from the investment account (i.e. the 
amount withdrawn from the investment account which exceeds the amount that had been previously paid 
in the said account). 
Resident legal entities are not subject to income tax upon receiving interest income. Under the Estonian 
corporate income tax system such income is included in their profits and taxed upon distribution of profit 
pursuant to the respective procedures. 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Income earned from the sale or exchange of Covered Bonds is not subject to income tax in Estonia by non-
resident Covered Bondholders (i.e. non-resident legal persons who do not have a registered permanent 
establishment in Estonia, and/or individuals). 
The income earned by non-resident Covered Bondholders may be subject to taxation in their country of 
residence. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). However, 
Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Covered Bonds (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions including 
the Republic of Estonia have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements

--- Page 190 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the date of publication of final regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payment".14 Holders 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Covered Bonds. 
                                                          
14 
On December 14, 2018 the Treasury and the IRS issued Proposed Regulations that substantially reduce the burden under FATCA 
and chapter 3 by eliminating withholding on the payments of gross proceeds and certain Insurance premiums, deferring 
withholding on foreign Pass-thru payments, and introducing other relief measures.

--- Page 191 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Landesbank Baden-
Württemberg, Nordea Bank Abp, Swedbank AB (publ) and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 19 May 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") 
and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Covered Bonds the method 
of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the 
Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is 
material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Covered Bonds the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Covered Bonds will be joint and 
several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which 
is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including 
whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that 
Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Covered Bonds, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of the Covered Bonds comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Covered Bonds comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a

--- Page 192 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA (including Estonia). For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  (the "EUWA"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if 
it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 193 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidance of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance 
with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or any other Italian authority. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified 
as “Not Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered 
Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of 
Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) 
and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or 
deliver, the Covered Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers 
to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they

--- Page 194 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Neither the Issuer or any of the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds) or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 195 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by the Supervisory Council of the Issuer given on 13 
May 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds 
relating to them. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries since 31 December 2020 nor has there been any significant change in the financial 
position or performance of the Issuer or the Issuer and its subsidiaries since 31 March 2021. 
Auditors 
4. 
PwC has audited the consolidated financial statements of AS LHV Pank for the year ended 31 
December 2019 (incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference) and issued an unqualified 
auditor's report from the audit thereof. 
PwC has audited the consolidated financial statements of the LHV Group for the year ended 31 
December 2019 (incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference) and issued an unqualified 
auditor's report from the audit thereof. 
KPMG Baltics OÜ has audited the consolidated financial statements of the AS LHV Pank for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 (incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference) and issued an 
unqualified auditor's report from the audit thereof. 
KPMG Baltics OÜ has audited the consolidated financial statements of the LHV Group for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 (incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference) and issued an 
unqualified auditor's report from the audit thereof. 
PwC and KPMG Baltics OÜ are members of the Estonian Auditors Association. 
Listing Agent 
5. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in connection with the Covered Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Covered Bonds to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Electronic copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be 
obtained from during normal business hours at the offices of AS LHV Pank or at 
https://investor.lhv.ee/en/covered-bonds/, for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the articles of association and trade register extract of the Issuer (as the same may be updated 
from time to time); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of AS LHV Pank and the LHV Group for the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019; 
(c) 
the condensed consolidated interim financial statements of AS LHV Pank and the LHV 
Group for the three month period ended 31 March 2021;

--- Page 196 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(e) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(f) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Covered Bonds in global and 
definitive form); and 
(g) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
7. 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code, International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN), Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) 
code (as applicable) in relation to the Covered Bonds of each Tranche will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall 
have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
8. 
Covered Bonds may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Covered Bonds to 
be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price 
of the relevant Covered Bonds or the method of determining the price and the process for its 
disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series 
of Covered Bonds, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the 
interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first 
Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
9. 
The yield of each Tranche of Covered Bonds set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated 
as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is 
not an indication of future yield. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
10. 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates may have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer and may, in such cases, routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Covered Bonds and Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
11. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 529900GJOSVHI055QR67.

--- Page 197 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
 
Issuer website 
12. 
The Issuer's website is https://www.lhv.ee/en/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website or any website directly or indirectly 
linked to this website has not been verified and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Validity of Base Prospectus and Base Prospectus supplements  
13. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 198 ---
- 189 - 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
AS LHV Pank 
Tartu mnt 2, 
10145 Tallinn,  
Estonia 
Telephone +372 6800 400 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Frankfurter Welle 
Reuterweg 16 
Frankfurt, 60323 
Germany

--- Page 199 ---
- 190 - 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English law: 
as to Estonian law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London 
E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Advokaadibüroo COBALT OÜ 
Pärnu mnt 15, 
10141 Tallinn 
Estonia 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
For the period to 31 December 2019: 
AS PricewaterhouseCoopers 
From 1 January 2020: 
KPMG Baltics OÜ 
Pärnu mnt 15 
10141 Tallinn 
Estonia 
Narva maantee 5  
10117 Tallinn  
Estonia 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
D02 T380 
Ireland