--- Page 1 ---
ASSA ABLOY AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
 
ASSA ABLOY FINANCIAL SERVICES AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
 
€10,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ) by 
ASSA ABLOY AB (publ) 
On 20 September 2001 ASSA ABLOY AB (publ) (AA) established this €10,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme). On 24 May 2007 ASSA 
ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ) (AAFS) acceded as an issuer under the Programme. This Offering Circular supersedes all previous offering circulars. Any Notes (as 
defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Offering Circular are issued subject to the provisions described herein. This does not affect any Notes 
already in issue. Pursuant to the Programme, AA and AAFS (each an Issuer and together the Issuers) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The payments of all amounts owing in respect of the Notes issued by AAFS 
(Guaranteed Notes) will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by AA (the Guarantor). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by AA (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this 
Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to 
purchase such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Offering Circular or the quality or solvency of the 
Issuers in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Offering Circular to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have been listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, MiFID II).  
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and will expire on 2 November 2022. The obligation to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  References in this 
Offering Circular to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor 
reviewed information contained in the Offering Circular in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document 
(the Final Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will 
also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest 
(if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document 
(the Pricing Supplement). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the relevant Dealer. The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading 
on any market. 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee have been or will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may include Bearer Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be 
offered or sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered in the United States or to, or for the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S)) unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available. See "Form of the 
Notes" for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions". 
AA has been rated A-2 (short-term rating) and A- (long-term rating) by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and P2 (short-term 
rating) by Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB (Moody's). The Programme has been rated A- by S&P. 
For the purposes of any credit ratings included and referred to in this Offering Circular and/or the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes), each of Moody's and S&P is established in the EEA is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the EU CRA Regulation). As such, 
each of S&P and Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Neither S&P nor Moody’s is established in the United 
Kingdom (the UK) but it is part of a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the UK, and (ii) is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation). Accordingly the AA and 
Programme rating(s) issued by S&P and Moody’s, as applicable, have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody’s Investors Service Limited, as 
applicable, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of S&P and Moody’s may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the 
relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.  
Arranger 
NatWest Markets 
Dealers 
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
BofA Securities  
Commerzbank  
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
Mizuho Securities  
Nordea  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking  
Citigroup 
Danske Bank  
ING  
NatWest Markets 
SEB  
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Swedbank 
The date of this Offering Circular is 2 November 2021

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to 
each Issuer. When used in this Offering Circular, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.  
Each Issuer and the Guarantor accept(s) responsibility for the information contained in this Offering 
Circular and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor (each having taken all reasonable care to ensure that 
such is the case) the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the relevant Issuer and the specified 
office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). In addition, copies of each Final 
Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Copies of each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on any other regulated 
market in the EEA or offered in any other Member State of the EEA in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will be available for viewing in 
accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and the rules and regulations of the relevant 
regulated market. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Offering 
Circular shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of 
this Offering Circular. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), the information on the websites to which this Offering 
Circular refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the CSSF. 
Save for the Issuers, no other party has separately verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the relevant 
Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or the 
Notes. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by any of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor in connection with the Programme or the Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by any of the Issuers or the Guarantor to give any information or to 
make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor. Neither this 
Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of 
any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer and (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning any of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the 
most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular when deciding 
whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
“retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product 
governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. Each of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this 
Offering Circular may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering Circular in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Offering 
Circular or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
States, the EEA, the UK, the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden), Belgium, the Republic of Italy, Singapore 
and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the relevant Issuer 
and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and the terms of the Notes being offered, including 
the merits and risks involved. Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee have been approved or disapproved 
by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other 
regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Offering 
Circular or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this 
Offering Circular. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Dealers, the Issuers or the Guarantor makes any representation to any investor in the Notes 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be 
able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may, if so specificed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes), be calculated by reference to a Reference Rate. As at the date of this 
Offering Circular, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR), Czech 
Financial Benchmark Facility s.r.o. (as administrator of PRIBOR), Danish Financial Benchmark Facility 
ApS (as administrator of CIBOR), Budapesti Értéktőzsde Zrt. (Budapest Stock Exchange) (as 
administrator of BUBOR), GPW Benchmark S.A. (as administrator of WIBOR), ABS Benchmarks 
Administration Co Pte. Ltd. (as administrator of SIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as 
administrator of NIBOR), are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).    
As far as the Issuers and the Guarantor are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that each of ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (as 
administrator of LIBOR), The Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as administrator of STIBOR), 
JBA TIBOR Administration (as administrator of TIBOR), the Banks Association of Turkey (as 
administrator of TRLIBOR), National Bank of Romania (as administrator of ROBOR), the Treasury 
Markets Association (as administrator of HIBOR), The People’s Bank of China (as administrator of 
SHIBOR), The South African Reserve Bank (as administrator of JIBAR) and Banco de México (as 
administrator of TIIE) are not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be “prescribed capital 
markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
U.S. INFORMATION 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
This Offering Circular is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number 
of “qualified institutional buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (QIBs) and 
“accredited investors” (as defined in Rule 501(a)(l), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) that are 
institutions (Institutional Accredited Investors) for informational use solely in connection with the 
consideration of the purchase of certain Notes issued under the Programme. Its use for any other 
purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part 
nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to 
whom it is originally submitted.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs or to Institutional 
Accredited Investors, in either case in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes 
to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 
of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A). 
Purchasers of Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be required to execute and deliver an IAI Investment 
Letter (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). Each purchaser or holder of Definitive 
IAI Registered Notes, Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in registered 
form in exchange or substitution therefor (together Legended Notes) will be deemed, by its acceptance or 
purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions”. Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them in “Form of the Notes”. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
“restricted securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, each Issuer and the Guarantor (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) has undertaken in a deed poll dated 12 November 2013 (the Deed Poll) to 
furnish, upon the request of a holder of its Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a 
prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to be delivered under Rule 
144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the relevant Notes remain 
outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the 
Guarantor is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor are corporations organised under the laws of Sweden. The majority of 
the officers and directors of each Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) reside 
outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of each of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and of such officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not 
be possible for investors to effect service of process outside Sweden upon the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or such persons, or to enforce judgments against them 
obtained in courts outside Sweden predicated upon civil liabilities of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or such directors and officers under laws other than Swedish law, 
including any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities laws. Each of the Issuers and 
the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) has been advised by Mannheimer Swartling 
Advokatbyrå AB, their Swedish counsel, that there is doubt as to the enforceability in Sweden in original 
actions or in actions for enforcement of judgments of United States courts of civil liabilities. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
AAFS maintains its financial books and records and prepares its financial statements in SEK and in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Sweden. 
AA maintains its financial books and records and prepares its financial statements in SEK and its 
consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union. 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$”, “USD” and “$” refer to United States dollars 
and to “Swedish krona” and “SEK” refer to the currency of Sweden. In addition, references to 
“Sterling”, “GBP” and “£” refer to pounds sterling and to “EUR”, “euro” and “€” refer to the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Offering Circular may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based 
on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore investors should not place undue reliance on 
them. Words such as “expect”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “intend”, “estimate, “should” and other similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of 
identifying such statements. 
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and AA and/or AAFS undertake no 
obligation to update any forward-looking statement in light of new information or future events. 
Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to 
predict and generally beyond AA’s and/or AAFS’s control. 
Although it is believed that the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such 
forward-looking statements are reasonable, investors should bear in mind that a number of important 
factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates 
and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements, including assumptions relating to general 
economic conditions in Sweden, Europe and worldwide. Factors that could cause AA’s and/or AAFS’s 
actual operations, results or performance to differ from the forward-looking statements include, but are 
not limited to, those described in the section “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 10 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................. 15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................................... 33 
FORM OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................................................... 36 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................. 41 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................................ 51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................ 63 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................................... 99 
ASSA ABLOY AB (publ) ................................................................................................................................. 100 
ASSA ABLOY FINANCIAL SERVICES AB (publ) ....................................................................................... 113 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS...................................................................................................... 114 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 118 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................... 120 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 129 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Appendix I – ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2019 OF ASSA ABLOY 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AB (publ) ................................................................................................................. 132 
Appendix II – ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2020 OF ASSA ABLOY 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AB (publ) ................................................................................................................. 155 
 _________________________________________________________________________________________ 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stablisation Manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and any relevant Dealer 
may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in 
which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes and, if appropriate, a new Offering Circular will 
be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuers: 
ASSA ABLOY AB (publ) 
 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ)  
Issuers Legal Entity Identifiers 
(LEI): 
In the case of ASSA ABLOY AB (publ), 549300YECS8HKCIMMB67 
In the case of ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ), 
549300Z8OG67W8DBH881 
Guarantor: 
ASSA ABLOY AB (publ) (in respect of Guaranteed Notes)  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect AA’s and/or AAFS’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the 
Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. In addition, 
there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme, see “Risk 
Factors”.  
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme  
Arranger: 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Société Générale 
 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
 
Swedbank AB (publ)  
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular 
laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions 
or 
reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with 
such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Restrictions”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Offering Circular.  
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”.  
Issuing and Principal  
Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe Plc, Germany Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuers and the Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement.  
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and subject 
to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any other currency agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) and the relevant Dealer.  
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a 
partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement).  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described in “Form 
of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes 
and vice versa.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing 
Supplement) and, on redemption, will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.  
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:  
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (ISDA), and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series), or the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement); or  
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate 
Notes.  
 
 
 
 
 
Benchmark Replacement: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.  
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if a Benchmark Event (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) occurs, then the relevant Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes), as further described in Condition 6(b)(iv). If the relevant Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to make the relevant determinations described above, 
the relevant Issuer may determine a Successor Rate, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments, as further described in Condition 6(b)(iv). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest.  
Exempt Notes: 
The relevant Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which may for example be 
Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes. 
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked 
Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes 
will be calculated by reference to such index and/or formula or to changes 
in the prices of securities or commodities or to such other factors as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest 
and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency Notes 
will be made in such currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree.   
 
The relevant Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be included in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to 
the Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note, which 
is not a Zero Coupon Note or an Exempt Note, will be redeemed at an 
amount equal to at least 100 per cent. of its nominal amount on its 
scheduled maturity date.   
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to restrictions 
on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the 
relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be 
such as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year" above and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).  
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), the minimum 
denomination of each Definitive IAI Registered Note will be U.S.$500,000 
or its approximate equivalent in other Specified Currencies.  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or 
on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, subject 
as provided in Condition 9. In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 9, be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted.  
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 4.  
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 11.  
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 4, unsecured obligations of the relevant 
Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
relevant Issuer, from time to time outstanding.  
Status of the Guarantee: 
Only Notes issued by AAFS will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor.  
 
The obligations of AAFS and the Guarantor under the Guaranteed Notes 
will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, subject to the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
provisions of Condition 4, unsecured obligations of AAFS and the 
Guarantor and will rank pari passu amongst themselves and (save for 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of 
AAFS and the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding.  
Rating: 
AA has been rated A-2 (short-term rating) and A- (long-term rating) by 
S&P and P2 (short-term rating) by Moody’s. The Programme has been 
rated A- by S&P. Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned 
to the Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.  
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be 
listed and, if so, on which stock exchange(s).  
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA, the UK, Sweden, Belgium, the Republic of Italy, 
Singapore and Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions".  
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2 – TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of AA and AAFS believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that AA and AAFS may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in AA and AAFS becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is 
not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as AA and AAFS 
may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may 
become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside their control. AA and AAFS have identified in 
this Offering Circular a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability 
to make payments due under the Notes. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each of AA and AAFS believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may 
occur for other reasons and none of the Issuers nor the Guarantor represents that the statements below 
regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular (including the documents incorporated by reference) 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect AAFS's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme 
In conducting its operations, AAFS is exposed to various types of financial risks (as further described under 
the heading "Financial risks" on pages 23 to 24 of this Offering Circular) which include the following: 
financing risk, currency risk, interest rate risk, credit risk and risks related to AAFS being partially dependent 
on payments from the Group (as defined in the section titled “ASSA ABLOY AB (publ)”) companies to make 
payments.  
Factors that may affect AA's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme 
and/or the Guarantee 
1. Strategic risks 
New products and technological development 
The Group’s long-term growth and profitability are dependent on its ability to develop and successfully 
launch and market new products. Products less than three years old accounted for 25 per cent. of the Group’s 
total sales in 2020. The Group’s revenues and market share may suffer if it is unable to successfully introduce 
new products, in particular in the areas of electromechanical or digital products, in a timely fashion or if new 
or enhanced products or services are introduced by its competitors that the Group’s customers find more 
advanced and/or better suited to their needs. While the Group continuously invests in research and 
development to develop products in line with customer demand and expectations, if it is unable to keep pace 
with product development and technological advances (including shifts in technology in the markets in which 
it operates) or meet customer demands, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
operational results and financial position and performance. 
Competitors 
Competitors may find better and more cost-efficient ways to produce and distribute products and services. 
They may also find ways to produce better functioning products. The Group may suffer losses as a result of 
new and disruptive technologies becoming available from companies which are not currently seen as 
competitors. Competitive factors, including changes in market penetration, increased price competition, the 
development and introduction of new products, product designs and technologies by existing and new 
competitors as well as changes in customer demand on sales, product mix, prices and service quality could

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, operational results and financial position and 
performance. 
Reputational risk 
The Group's brand names and reputation have significant commercial value and the Group relies on positive 
brand recognition as part of its strategy. Any damage to the Group's brand image or reputation, whether owing 
to a single event or series of events, would typically have a negative impact on the Group's ability to market 
and sell its products and retain customers and employees. There are various events which risk causing damage 
to the Group's brand or reputation, such as non-compliance with laws and regulations, legal proceedings and 
investigations, labour disputes, human rights and labour standard issues, product failure, operational 
disruptions and interruptions. Further, if the Group or one of the Group’s suppliers, distributors or other 
business partners act in conflict with the Group’s code of conduct or the values represented by the Group’s 
brands, the Group’s reputation may be damaged. In particular, the Group's reputation and ability to do 
business may be negatively impacted by improper conduct of the Group's business partners in the emerging 
markets where the Group operates. Accordingly, damage to the Group's brand image or reputation could have 
an adverse effect on the Group’s business, operational results and financial condition and performance. 
2. Operational risks 
Macroeconomic, geopolitical and other events  
The Group manufactures and sells access solutions and trusted identities worldwide. It has leading positions 
in most of Europe, North and South America, Asia and Oceania. As a result, the Group’s business and 
operating results are materially affected by global macroeconomic and financial market conditions, and could 
be adversely impacted by economic or financial crises, a global or regional economic slowdown or recession, 
or a decrease in customer demand for the Group’s products. 
The Group is also vulnerable to the negative impact of other events outside the Group’s control. Political 
instability, increased nationalist and protectionist behavior of governments, terrorist activities, military 
conflict, social unrest, natural disasters, extreme weather events, power outages, telecommunications failures 
and pandemics, among other things, could have a material adverse impact on the global economy, 
international capital markets and the Group’s business, net assets, financial condition and operational results. 
For example, in recent years, the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic, the uncertainty in connection with the 
United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union (Brexit) and the trade conflict between the United 
States and China, have or have had, a direct and material impact on the global economy and thereby on the 
Group and its business and operational results. Most recently, the economic outlook in important markets for 
the Group, such as the euro area, the United States, China and certain emerging markets has significantly 
deteriorated, as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic and a volatile economic or political environment. 
Due to increasing interconnectedness of global economic and financial systems, a significant event in one part 
of the world can have an immediate and severe impact on markets around the world, thereby adversely 
affecting the Group globally. 
The Group maintains operations in various markets which could be affected by volatile economic or political 
environments and is pursuing growth opportunities in a number of emerging markets. The Group’s emerging 
market strategy focuses on key markets in Asia, South America and Africa. This may expose the Group to 
heightened risks of economic, geopolitical or other events, including governmental takeover (nationalisation) 
of its assets, social, political or economic instability, volatility in currency exchange rates and restrictions on 
repatriation of profits and transfers of cash. In addition, the uncertainty of the legal environment in some 
regions could limit the Group’s ability to enforce its rights. Any of these risks could have an adverse effect on 
the Group's business, operational results and financial position and performance. 
Covid-19  
The Covid-19 crisis started in February 2020 with a significant effect on the Group’s supply chain out of China 
and local demand in China. From March 2020 onwards global demand was strongly affected. Covid-19 had a 
significant impact throughout 2020 and the organic sales decline was the strongest during the second quarter 
when a significant part of the world’s population was subject to lockdown measures and one third of the 
Group’s production sites were temporarily closed. During the first nine months of 2021 the world has continued

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
to be affected by Covid-19 restrictions. Compared to previous downturns, the Covid-19 crisis is different 
because of the strict regulations and lockdowns imposed by governments in many markets, which caused the 
business activity to significantly drop almost overnight in certain markets.  The Group’s installers, service 
technicians and channel partners were in many instances prevented from visiting customers due to government 
restrictions to prevent the spread of the virus. 
The duration and development of the Covid-19 pandemic is unknown and no predictions can be made in 
relation to the length of current and future measures that different countries and other companies may take in 
response to the crisis. However, any prolongation or worsening of the virus outbreak may lead to any of the 
following scenarios: 
 
containment measures and restrictions on freedom of movement in the Group’s key markets – for 
example, leading to a decrease in demand for the Group’s products and making it harder for locksmiths 
and service technicians to visit customers; 
 
disruptions in the supply chain, shortages of necessary material and parts from suppliers (directly or 
indirectly affected by the virus outbreak) that may in turn lead to delayed re-start of production or 
extended production downtimes or suppliers experiencing financial difficulties; 
 
a larger number of customers directly or indirectly affected by the virus outbreak having difficulties, or 
being prevented from, making payments to the Group when due; 
 
negative impact on the Group’s workforce, if significant numbers of employees, key personnel and/or 
senior management become unavailable due to the disease; 
 
negative impact and restrictions on dividends and other distributions within and from the Group; 
 
further disruption of financial markets making it difficult to finance the Group’s operations; and/or 
 
a prolonged global economic downturn leading to a more severe reduction in demand for the Group’s  
products. 
Given the evolving nature of this crisis, the above list is not exhaustive, but each of these events, or any 
combination of them, could amplify the negative impact of the crisis on the Group’s financial performance 
and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, operational results and financial position. 
The acquisition of Hardware and Home Improvement (HHI) division of Spectrum Brands 
On 8 September 2021, it was announced that AA has signed a definitive agreement for the Group to acquire the 
HHI division of Spectrum Brands (NYSE:SPB) (the HHI Acquisition) (see the section titled “ASSA  ABLOY 
AB (publ) - The acquisition of HHI division of Spectrum Brands” for further information on the proposed 
acquisition). 
The HHI Acquisition remains subject to approvals by several relevant competition authorities before it can be 
realised. The Group has agreed to pay a termination fee of USD 350 million in certain circumstances if the 
transaction agreement is terminated and required regulatory approvals have not been obtained. There can be no 
assurance that the HHI Acquisition will be completed as currently anticipated or in accordance with the current 
estimated timeline. 
Following the completion of the HHI Acquisition, the Group may not realise any or all of the synergies and/or 
benefits relating to the acquisition that it had anticipated. The success of the HHI Acquisition depends on the 
Group's ability to realise the expected synergies and/or benefits from it. There is a risk that synergies from the 
HHI Acquisition and benefits, including but not limited to, increased product offering, advances in offerings, 
advances in technology, distribution, procurement and step-up in the tax basis, may fail to materialise, or that 
they may be materially lower than have been estimated. In addition, the costs of funding the process necessary 
to achieve these synergies may exceed expectations. 
The HHI Acquisition and any uncertainty regarding the effect of the acquisition could also cause disruptions to 
the businesses of the Group. The integration of HHI and the Group may encounter difficulties, such as

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
integrating the existing staff of the two businesses and connecting the different company cultures, harmonising 
IT systems and putting in place common processes for the integrated business. Further, the integration of HHI 
and the Group could require a larger amount of time and attention of management teams of both businesses than 
originally anticipated. 
Further, the financial or operational performance of HHI’s business may not develop as expected, or sales, 
earnings and cash flow goals pursued by way of the HHI Acquisition may not be met.  
In addition, the synergies and/or benefits may be offset by deterioration in the markets in which the Group 
operates and/or increases in other expenses or problems in the Group's or HHI’s business unrelated to the 
acquisition. As a result, the amount of synergies and/or benefits that the Group will actually realise and/or the 
timing of such realisation may differ significantly from those previously estimated and the Group may incur 
significant costs in realising the acquisition and in reaching the estimated synergies and/or benefits. 
Following the completion of the HHI Acquisition, the Group will recognise a substantial portion of the 
difference between the amount paid for the HHI Acquisition and the book value of HHI’s equity as intangible 
assets and/or goodwill. The Group performs an annual impairment test as well as whenever impairment 
indicators are identified. An impairment test is a complex process and contains a high degree of judgment 
regarding future cash flows and other assumptions, not least because it is based on estimates of how the HHI 
business will be affected by future market developments and other economic events. As a result, the Group may 
be forced to recognise an impairment loss on the intangible assets and/or goodwill of the HHI Acquisition if the 
HHI business were to fail to develop as expected or if any other unexpected development were to occur 
affecting the performance of the HHI business. 
The realisation of any of the risks above may adversely affect the Group's business, operational results and 
financial position and performance. 
Uncertainties about the effects of acquisitions and divestments 
A large part of the Group's historical growth and present size is explained by acquisitions, as it has acquired 
several new businesses every year and it intends to continue to acquire businesses that it believes fit its long-
term strategy. This includes, but is not limited to the HHI Acquisition. There are several business risks, tax 
risks and economic risks associated with acquiring and integrating companies into the Group's existing 
business operations, including but not limited to, exposure to unknown obligations, acquisition and integration 
costs that are higher than expected as well as diversion of management’s attention from other business 
concerns. It is possible that the Group's assessments and assumptions regarding possible or implemented 
acquisitions (including assumptions regarding synergies or other benefits) may prove to be incorrect or that 
obligations, contingent liabilities or other risks previously unknown to the Group might arise. Acquisitions 
may also lead to substantial increase in intangible assets, including goodwill, which may later be subject to 
write-down if an acquired business does not perform as expected. If any of the risks related to acquisitions or 
integrations, including but not limited to in relation to the HHI Acquisition, were to materialise, it may have 
an adverse effect on the Group's business, operational results and financial condition and performance. 
From time to time, the Group may also divest parts that do not fit the Group's operations in the long term.  
Several factors affect the success of any divestment, such as the Group's ability to identify a buyer and 
negotiate acceptable terms. In addition, it is possible that the Group might be required to provide certain 
warranties and undertakings in connection with such divestment. The Group may find it difficult to divest 
operations or assets or might fail to successfully complete such divestments on terms favourable for the 
Group. If any of the risks related to divestments were to materialise, it may have an adverse effect on the 
Group's business, operational results and financial condition and performance. 
Information security risks and risks relating to storage and processing of personal data  
The Group relies on IT systems in its operations. The Group’s operations involve areas that are vulnerable to 
cyber security incidents such as data breaches, intrusions, espionage, know-how and data privacy 
infringements and leakage. Examples of these areas include, amongst others, research and development, 
managed services, usage of cloud solutions, software development, product engineering, IT, human resources 
and finance operations. Any cyber security incident including unintended use, involving its operations,

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
product development, services, its third party providers or installed product base, could cause harm to the 
Group and could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, operational results and financial condition 
and performance as well as reputation and brand. The Group relies substantially on third parties to whom it 
has outsourced significant aspects of its IT infrastructure, product development and engineering services. 
While it has taken precautions relating to the selection, integration and ongoing management of these third 
parties, any event or attack that is caused as a result of vulnerabilities in their operations or products supplied 
to the Group could have a an adverse effect on the Group’s business, operational results and financial 
condition and performance as well as reputation and brand. 
The Group is also exposed to the risk that personal data, which it processes could be wrongfully accessed, 
distributed or used, whether by employees or third parties, or otherwise lost, disclosed or processed in breach 
of data protection laws and regulations. Global privacy legislation, including the regulations and directives of 
the European Union regulating data privacy and security, such as the Regulation EU No 2016/679 (the 
General Data Protection Regulation) are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance 
environment. The requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation impose a higher compliance burden 
on organisations and the Group may incur increased costs to comply with and implement privacy-related and 
data protection measures. In addition, if the Group or any of the third-party service providers on which it 
relies fails to process, store or protect such data in a secure and lawful manner, or if any such theft or loss of 
personal data were otherwise to occur, the Group could face liability, including substantial fines, under data 
protection laws and regulations. This could also result in damage to the Group’s brands and reputation as well 
as the loss of existing or new business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, operational results and financial condition and performance as well as reputation and brand. 
Intellectual property 
The Group owns or otherwise has rights to a large portfolio of intellectual property rights, relating to the 
products it manufactures and services it provides, which have been obtained over a period of years. These 
patents, copyrights and trademarks have been of value in the growth of the Group's business and may continue 
to be of value in the future. Although the Group has a large number of patents and trademarks and sees a 
rapidly growing portfolio of copyrights and neighbouring rights mainly relating to source code, there can be 
no assurance that the Group's intellectual property rights will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented 
or that the Group will be able to detect unauthorised use or take appropriate and timely steps to establish and 
enforce its intellectual property rights. Further, there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert 
claims against the Group alleging infringement of their own intellectual property rights. The Group has taken 
conscious steps to enter the digital domain and may therefore also face new digital incumbents who have a 
different way of doing business and large portfolios of intellectual property rights. Digitalisation entails new 
business opportunities for the Group but also adds new or different risks than has been the case historically, 
such as non-practising entities. The inability to protect intellectual property and the Group’s involvement in 
any intellectual property infringement litigation could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, 
operational results and financial position and performance, as well as reputation and brand. 
Price fluctuations and availability of certain raw materials and components in its production and reliance on 
suppliers 
The Group is exposed to scarcity of components and raw material and prices thereof. A decreased availability 
of certain raw materials could affect the Group's ability to produce or deliver its products or increase its 
operating costs. Since the Group sources components from many countries, external events such as a pandemic 
has resulted in and may in the future result in, transportation disruptions, import complications and otherwise 
cause shortages in such components. In addition, prices of some raw materials are in particular volatile and 
fluctuations arise from changes in supply and demand, economic conditions, labour costs, competition, market 
speculation, government regulation and trade policies. The Group is, for example, dependent on steel and 
electronic components for its manufacturing and the Group’s financial performance is, therefore, influenced by 
scarcity and fluctuations in prices of components and raw materials such as semiconductors and steel. The 
Group may have limited ability to control the timing and level of changes to prices that it pays for components 
and raw materials and the Group may be unable to increase its prices to absorb such increased costs. A delay or 
failure in the Group’s ability to pass on price increases to its customers could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, operational results and financial position and performance.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
The Group's risk of production disruption is not only related to its own operations but also to disruptions in 
the supply chain. External factors such as fires, extreme weather events, natural disasters, water scarcity, war, 
terrorism or pandemic illness such as the Covid-19 pandemic might result in disruption of supply to the Group 
and may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, operational results and financial position and 
performance. In particular, the Covid-19 pandemic has had a negative impact on the global economy, 
disrupting the commodity and financial markets and impeded global supply chains.  
The Group’s products consist of components and raw materials from several different suppliers. To be able to 
manufacture, sell and deliver its products, the Group is dependent on deliveries from its suppliers in 
accordance with agreed requirements such as quantity, quality and time of delivery. Suppliers’ incorrect 
deliveries or failure to fulfil agreed deliveries could cause delays or failures in the Group’s deliveries, which, 
in turn, may lead to reduced ability to meet the Group's commitments to its customers, decreased sales and a 
decline in customer confidence. If a supplier is unable or unwilling to continue to make deliveries to the 
Group at favourable terms, its products do not meet the Group’s requirements with respect to quantity, 
quality, price or other standards, or should a supplier terminate its operations, the Group may not be able to 
identify and develop a suitable relationship with a new supplier who can satisfy the Group’s standards in 
terms of quantity, quality and price and the Group’s need to access products and supplies in a timely and 
efficient manner. In particular, the Group relies on production partnerships to source the standard components 
used in its production. If a substantial portion of the Group's production partnerships terminate, the Group 
might not be able to replace such standard components in a timely manner and its supply chain management 
might be negatively impacted. In addition, supply interruptions could arise from shortages of raw materials, 
labour disputes, pandemics such as the Covid-19 pandemic, weather conditions affecting products or 
shipments, transportation disruptions or other factors beyond the Group’s control. The loss of, or a substantial 
decrease in the availability of, products from the Group’s suppliers, the loss of key suppliers or a failure by 
suppliers to continue to supply the Group with components and raw materials in sufficient quantities, in a 
timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, operational results and financial position and performance. 
Production and manufacturing  
The Group has a global manufacturing strategy based on production of the Group’s more strategic 
components such as cylinders, rim locks and some electromechanical products, which is concentrated in the 
Group’s own production plants complemented by sourcing of other components from suppliers. The Group 
introduced its first Manufacturing Footprint Programme (MFP) in 2006 and as part of this MFP and 
subsequently launched MFPs, the number of own production plants was reduced. If certain key production 
facilities are destroyed or closed due to fires, extreme weather events, natural disasters, pandemics such as the 
Covid-19 pandemic, human errors or terrorism or for any reason, or the equipment in the facilities is 
significantly damaged, or there are severe interruptions in its production, the Group can face setbacks in its 
ability to manufacture and distribute its products. Such circumstances, to the extent the Group is unable to 
find an alternative manufacturing and production facility or repair the damaged facilities or damaged 
equipment in a timely and cost-efficient manner, could disrupt the Group’s operations or damage its 
inventories and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, operational results and financial 
position and performance.  
Property, business interruption and product liability insurance 
The Group has insurance programmes with respect to, among other things, the Group's property, business 
interruption and product liability risks. As a natural part of the Group's different activities, measures to limit 
the effects of damages are continually taken, often in co-operation with external insurance advisors. In such 
context, standards for desired safeguard levels are established in order to reduce the probability of material 
damage and to guarantee deliveries to the customers. While the Group holds property insurance, including 
business interruption, and product liability insurance, in amounts AA believes to be appropriate, there can be 
no assurances that the Group will be able to fully recover such amounts or that recovered amounts will be 
sufficient to cover the Group's losses. 
Restructuring measures 
To consolidate and improve the Group’s production structure and overall manufacturing efficiency, the Group 
implements from time to time specific multi-year restructuring programmes which entail some production

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
units changing focus (mainly to final assembly), while certain units are closed. In addition, the Group is 
reducing the number of sites such as offices and warehouses, to increase efficiency in the organisational 
structure and enhance performance. By year-end 2020, since the first MFP in 2006, 96 production plants and 
around 75 offices have been closed. The restructuring programmes are carried out as a series of projects with 
stipulated activities and schedules. The various projects are systematically monitored on a regular basis. 
However, there can be no assurances that these measures will generate the level of cost savings that the Group 
has estimated going forward. 
Retain skilled employees 
Evolution through people is one of the Group’s strategic objectives and it works actively to be an employer of 
choice. The Group’s future growth and ultimately its success depends on its ability to recruit, retain and 
develop skilled and motivated employees and safeguard the availability of competent managers to achieve 
established strategic and operational objectives. Failure to recruit and retain employees with appropriate skills 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, operational results and financial condition and 
performance as well as reputation and brand.  
Work stoppages or strikes  
At the end of 2020, 35 per cent. of the Group's employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. 
There is no assurance that the Group will not encounter strikes or other disturbances caused by its unionised 
labour force, or that, upon the expiration of existing collective bargaining agreements, it will be able to reach 
new collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or without work stoppages, strikes or similar 
industrial actions. Non-satisfactory terms under any collective bargaining agreement could cause the Group's 
labour costs to increase, which would negatively affect its profit margins. In addition, the Group is required to 
consult and seek the advice of its Employee Works' Council in respect of a broad range of matters, which 
could delay or prevent the completion of certain corporate transactions. There is no assurance that the Group 
will not experience lengthier consultations or even strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the 
future. Any industrial action could disrupt its operations, possibly for a significant period of time, and result in 
increased wages and benefits or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, operational 
results and financial position. 
3. Legal , regulatory, compliance and governance  risks 
Regulatory, compliance and governance risks 
The Group has a global market presence and is subject to multiple jurisdictions and complex regulatory 
environments at a time of stricter legislation and increased enforcement activity and initiatives worldwide in 
areas such as competition law, export control and sanctions, data privacy (including, but not limited to, in 
relation to the General Data Protection Regulation), anti-corruption and health and safety regulations. Further, 
the Group faces the risk of fraud or other illegal acts by its employees or relevant business partners. Although 
the Group’s governance and compliance processes are designed to provide reasonable assurance of 
compliance and the Group strives for continuous improvements, there can be no assurance that the Group’s 
governance and compliance processes will prevent violations of applicable law or governance standards in its 
operations. Failure to comply with applicable laws and other standards could have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and operational results by subjecting it to, including but not limited to, fines, loss of 
operating licenses and reputational harm.  
Tax risks 
The Group has global operations, and is thus subject to taxation (corporate income taxes, withholding taxes, 
customs duties, value added tax, sales tax, social security taxes on employment and other taxes in countries 
where the Group operates) based on several tax laws and regulations worldwide. Its operations, including 
intra-group transactions, are conducted in accordance with the Group’s interpretation of applicable tax law, 
tax treaties and regulations in those jurisdictions and the requirements of the relevant tax authorities. Even 
though the Group has processes and structures in place in order to comply with applicable tax laws, tax 
treaties and regulations for transfer pricing and other transactions that may have tax implications, the 
possibility that the Group’s interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties and regulations may be different 
from the relevant authorities’ interpretation or administrative practice, or that such laws, treaties or regulations

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
may change, potentially with retroactive effect, cannot be ruled out. The occurrence of any of the foregoing 
may have an adverse effect on the Group's financial position. 
Climate change, other environmental risks and changes in environmental laws and regulations  
The primary drivers for external environmental risk are from physical changes in climate and natural resources, 
changes in regulations, taxes and resource prices. Acute and chronic physical risks from climate change include 
increase in changes in precipitation, extreme weather events and long-term temperature changes, any of which 
could disrupt the Group’s operations. Climate change and other environmental risks could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, operational results and financial condition. 
Like most industrial companies, the Group affects the environment through its supply chain, in its operations, 
through the use of natural resources, and by generation of emissions, wastes and wastewater, in the 
distribution of, as well as, in the use and final disposal of its products.  
Compliance with environmental requirements is a significant factor in its operations. The Group is subject to a 
variety of environmental laws, regulations and standards, in particular in relation to air quality and emissions, 
materials management and storage including health and safety, production processes, waste and wastewater 
management and the protection of natural resources and surrounding biodiversity.  
The environmental laws and regulations to which the Group is subject have generally become stricter in 
recent years and may in the future become more stringent and the cost of complying with future changes may 
be substantial. Any potential violations of such environmental laws and regulations can lead to substantial 
fines, injunctions or criminal penalties. While no significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-
compliance with environmental laws and regulations occurred during 2020, the Group may become liable for 
significant fines or non-monetary sanctions in the future, which might result in increased costs related to 
remedial measures or reputational damage. In addition, the Group could also become subject to liabilities and 
claims relating to personal injury (including exposure to substances used in its production), property damage 
or damage to natural resources. 
The Group may become subject to further legislation and regulation regarding climate change, including 
increased regulation of CO2 emissions, and compliance with any new rules could be difficult or costly. The CO2 
emission performance standards are constantly evolving and the concerned parties including legislators and 
regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organisations, as well as companies in many business sectors, 
are considering alternative ways to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, such as by increasing CO2 emission 
prices, energy and fuel taxes. Various governmental and local regulatory and legislative bodies have proposed 
legislative and regulatory measures relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions and energy 
policies. If such legislation is enacted, the Group could incur increased energy, environmental and other costs 
and capital expenditures to comply with the limitations imposed by any enacted legislation and/or regulatory 
measures. Furthermore, many of the laws and regulations relating to climate change provide for substantial civil 
and criminal fines for non-compliance which, if imposed, could result in material costs or liabilities. If the 
Group becomes subject to legal claims and other litigation related to any potential violations of climate change 
regulations, it could face increased costs related to defending and resolving such claims involving the alleged 
impact of its operations on climate change. 
Environmental costs and liabilities are inherent in industrial operations and there can be no assurances that 
substantial costs and liabilities will not be incurred in the future or that the adoption of increasingly strict 
environmental laws, regulations and enforcement policies will not result in increased costs and liabilities in 
the future. Any such costs and/or liabilities could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
operational results and financial position and performance.  
Legal proceedings 
The Group is, and may continue to be, involved in legal proceedings. Many of these disputes relate to claims 
arising in the ordinary course of business including but not limited to product liability, intellectual property, 
antitrust, environmental issues, and the interpretation of sales, supplier, distribution and employment 
contracts. Such disputes and claims may be time-consuming, disrupt normal operations, involve large 
amounts, detrimentally affect customer relations and result in significant costs. In the event such disputes arise 
and the Group is held liable in damages or enters into a settlement agreement, there is a risk that claims will

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
not be covered in full by the Group’s insurance. In addition, the outcome of complicated disputes may be 
difficult to predict. Potential disputes and legal proceedings brought against the Group may have an adverse 
effect on the Group's business, operational results and financial position and performance as well as reputation 
and brand.  
4. Financial risks 
Financing risk 
Financing risk refers to the risk that financing the Group's capital requirements and refinancing outstanding 
loans may become more difficult or more expensive. Financing risk can be reduced by maintaining an even 
maturity profile for loans and a solid credit rating. The Group strives to have access, on every occasion, to 
short- term and long-term loan facilities as well as appropriate level of liquid funds. However, there can be no 
guarantee that the Group would be able to obtain external credit. The Group's access to funding is dependent 
upon conditions in the banking or capital markets as well as the Group’s credit rating and such access may 
decrease or become more expensive as a result of the Group's operational and financial condition or market 
conditions in general. If the Group is unable to obtain sufficient credit, either due to banking or capital 
markets conditions generally, or due to factors specific to its business, the Group may not have sufficient cash 
to develop new projects, fund acquisitions or meet ongoing financing needs, which in turn could materially 
and adversely affect the revenues, operating results, cash flows and financial condition of the Group. 
Currency risk 
Since the Group sells its products in countries worldwide and has companies in a large number of countries, the 
Group is exposed to the effects of exchange rate fluctuations. Such fluctuations affect Group earnings when the 
income statements of foreign subsidiaries are translated to Swedish krona (translation exposure), and when 
products are exported and sold in countries outside the country of production (transaction exposure). 
Translation exposure is primarily related to earnings in USD and EUR. The main exposures relate to USD, 
EUR, Chinese Renminbi, Swiss Franc and Canadian Dollar. This type of exposure is not hedged. Currency risk 
in the form of transaction exposure, i.e. the relative values of exports and imports of goods, is expected to 
increase over time due to rationalisation in production and sourcing. In accordance with its financial policy, the 
Group in principle only hedges a very limited part of its currency flows. As a result, exchange rate fluctuations 
will have a direct impact on the Group's business, operational results and financial position and performance. 
Exchange rate fluctuations also affect the Group's balance sheet, including debt-equity ratio and equity. The 
assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries in the respective foreign currency are affected by exchange rate 
fluctuations and causes a translation difference which affects the Group's other comprehensive income. A 
general weakening of the Swedish krona leads to an increase in net debt that could adversely impact the 
Group’s financial position. The majority of the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in USD and 
EUR. 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is defined as the risk of an adverse impact on the Group's financial position, including its 
income and economic value, due to interest rate movements. The net interest expense is also impacted by the 
size of the Group's net debt and its currency composition. The majority of the Group’s interest bearing 
liabilities are denominated in USD and EUR. Interest rate fluctuations have a direct impact on the Group's net 
interest expense. The Group manages its exposure to changes in interest rates through a mix of fixed rate debt 
and variable rate debt in its debt portfolio.  
Credit risk 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, i.e. the risk of losses due to failure to meet payment obligations by the 
Group's counterparties in financial agreements or by its customers. Customer account receivables are subject 
to credit checks of customers and regular monitoring of credit limits and recognised at the amount that is 
expected to be paid based on an individual assessment of each customer. During periods of economic 
uncertainty, the Group’s customers may experience financial difficulties and have difficulty in making 
payments to the Group. Although stringent credit policies are applied, the Group is exposed to the risk that its 
customers may not be able to fulfil their payment obligations and payment of trade receivables may be 
delayed or may never occur. Credit risk exposure under the Group's financial agreements includes exposure

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
against counterparties in derivative instruments and other financial investments and arrangements. The failure 
by customers and counterparties under financial agreements to fulfil payment obligations towards a member 
of the Group may have a negative effect on the overall Group's cash flow and financial position. 
Impairment 
The Group has substantial values in goodwill and other intangible assets on its balance sheet. Fixed assets are 
evaluated regularly to determine whether events or circumstances indicate that the value of the fixed assets are 
impaired. The size of the surplus values differ between the cash generating units within the Group and they 
are sensitive to changes in business environment, interest and currency rates. These evaluations include 
judgments made by management. For example, in the second quarter of 2018, the Group reported a write-
down of SEK 5,595 million in Asia Pacific for impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. Future 
events could cause the Group to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that a fixed asset is impaired. 
Any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on the Group's operational results and 
financial position and performance. 
Provision for pensions and similar obligations 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had provisions for defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans 
and post-employment medical benefits of SEK 3,514 million. Calculating pension and similar obligations 
require management to make assumptions of discount rate, anticipated inflation, expected return on plan 
assets and rate of compensation increase. Actual results could differ from the assumptions made. Contribution 
of additional amounts to the Group's pension schemes may be required which could have a negative effect on 
the Group's operational results and financial position and performance. 
AA and AAFS are partially dependent on payments from Group companies to make payments 
AA is the holding company of the Group and AAFS is a company within the Group that provides financing to 
other Group companies. As a result, the assets of both AA and AAFS consist principally of their shareholdings 
in and loans to other companies in the Group. AA's and AAFS’ cash flow and their ability to service debt 
depend not only on their respective business operations, but also on cash flow from operating Group members 
and receipt of funds from Group companies by way of dividends, payments or otherwise. In circumstances 
where one or more of the risks referred to herein materialises and adversely affects the business, results of 
operations or financial condition of any member of the Group, there may, in turn, be an adverse effect on the 
ability of that member of the Group to make dividend and/or interest payments to AA or AAFS. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme 
   1.   Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features, 
distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur in 
relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
In addition, the use of proceeds of certain Notes issued under the Programme may be used to finance, or 
refinance, the HHI Acquisition (as defined above) or any other Acquisition Target (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). The HHI Acquisition remains subject to 
certain conditions, including approvals by relevant competition authorities, before it can be completed (as 
further discussed in the section titled “ASSA ABLOY AB (publ) – The acquisition of HHI division of Spectrum 
Brands”). AA and AAFS have included in Condition 8(e) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special 
Redemption Event (Issuer Call)) an optional redemption feature which, if selected as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), will allow such Notes 
to be redeemed by the relevant Issuer upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (namely that the 
Group: (i) has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target by the Special Redemption 
Longstop Date; or (ii) has published an announcement that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the 
Acquisition Target, as further described in the Condition 8(e) and the applicable Final Terms (or applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this 
may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the 
interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates  
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks”   
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a “benchmark”.   
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU.  Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the 
use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
“benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Specifically, the sustainability of the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) has been questioned as a result of 
the absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of 
benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The UK Financial 
Conduct Authority has indicated through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the 
current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication 
of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers 
to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the IBA 
announcement). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of 
representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will 
cease publication (the FCA announcement). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 
2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR 
settings and immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining 
LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the 
FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their 
publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of US 
Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer be 
representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 
December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 
2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings 
will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference such benchmark rate will be determined for the relevant period 
by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain 
fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark 
may be published (or any successor service)), such as LIBOR or EURIBOR or other relevant reference rate, 
ceases to be published or another Benchmark Event (as defined in the Condition 6(b)(iv)) otherwise occurs.  
The IBA announcement and FCA announcement referred to above each constitutes such a Benchmark Event 
and, accordingly, a Benchmark Event would occur upon the issuance of any applicable Floating Rate Notes 
issued on or after the date of this Offering Circular. 
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) as the manner in

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
which the rate of interest is to be determined (any such Notes, Relevant Notes), such fallback arrangements 
will include the possibility that: 
(a) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate (as applicable) determined 
by an Independent Adviser or, if the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the relevant Issuer fails to make such determination, the relevant 
Issuer; and 
(b) 
if such a successor rate or alternative reference rate (as applicable) is determined, an adjustment spread 
shall also be determined (which may be positive, negative or zero) by the relevant Independent Adviser 
or the relevant Issuer (as applicable) and may also include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes and the Agency Agreement (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders or Couponholders) to ensure the proper operation of the successor rate, the alternative 
reference rate or the adjustment spread, as applicable, 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Notes. An adjustment spread may not be effective in reducing or 
eliminating any economic prejudice to investors arising out of the replacement of the original reference rate 
with the successor rate or the alternative reference rate (as the case may be). The use of a successor rate or an 
alternative reference rate (including with the application of an adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes 
referencing an original reference rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of 
interest) than they would if the original reference rate were to continue to apply in its current form.   
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant successor rate or 
alternative reference rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described above. 
Any such adjustment or amendment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no 
assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder or Couponholder, any such adjustment 
will be favourable to each Noteholder or Couponholder. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no successor rate or alternative reference rate or, in either 
case, the applicable adjustment spread is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of the calculation of 
the rate of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on 
the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate 
Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Notes, the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
relevant Issuer (as applicable) will have discretion to adjust the relevant successor rate or alternative reference 
rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the 
benchmark replacement provisions in the Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
referencing a "benchmark".

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index Linked 
Notes and Dual Currency Notes.  In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no 
interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it. 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, 
to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other factors 
(each, a Relevant Factor).  In addition, the relevant Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in 
one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable 
likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the 
greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes.  Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked 
to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of the 
issue price could lose all of his investment. 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment.  Any failure 
by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result in such 
investor losing all of his investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate 
such as LIBOR.  The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms).  Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which 
further adversely affects the market value of these Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
  2.  Risks related to the conditions of the Notes 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors  
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and 
including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Agent, the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
certain modifications of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which are not prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the 
law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
To be bound in any way as described above could materially adversely affect the interests of those Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or 
give their consent electronically and those Noteholders who voted in a matter contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Offering Circular and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued  
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a nominal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Reliance on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
may be deposited with a nominee for DTC (each as defined under "Form of the Notes"). Except in the 
circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. 
Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented 
by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing 
systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the relevant Issuer will discharge its payment obligation 
under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in 
a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The relevant Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Enforceability of judgments 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) has submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England in 
the conditions of the Notes. A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Sweden in the courts of a 
state which is not under the terms of (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and 
commercial matters (the 2012 Brussels Regulation), (ii) Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of 22 December 
2000 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the 
2000 Brussels Regulation), or (iii) the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of 
judgments in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention), a 
Member State (as defined in the 2012 Brussels Regulation and the 2000 Brussels Regulation) or a Contracting 
State (as defined in the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden as a matter of 
law without a retrial on its merits (but will, if submitted, be regarded as a matter of evidence of the outcome of 
the dispute to which it relates before the courts of law, administrative tribunals or executive or other public 
authorities of Sweden, and a Swedish court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio). The UK left the 
EU on 31 January 2020 at 11 pm (UK time) and the EU single market on 31 December 2020. As a result, an 
English court judgment entered against either Issuer or the Guarantor in relation to the Notes will neither be 
recognised nor be enforceable in Sweden (absent any replacement arrangements being put in place) and the 
Noteholders would be required to re-litigate in the courts of Sweden. The UK has applied to join the Lugano 
Convention in its own right which is still subject to approval from the EU. However, the European Commission 
has on 4 May 2021 communicated that it considers that the EU should not give its consent to the accession of 
the UK to the Lugano Convention. 
  3.   Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions 
(which continue as at the date of this Offering Circular), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the 
secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering 
losses on the Notes in secondary re-sales even if there is no decline in the performance of the assets of the

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
relevant Issuer. The Issuers cannot predict which of these circumstances will change and whether (if and when 
they do change) there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes at that 
time. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency 
or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) 
the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any Notes 
may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in those Notes  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or 
the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by its assigning 
rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will 
also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of 
time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 
ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This 
may result in EEA or UK regulated investors, as applicable, selling the Notes which may impact the value of 
the Notes and any secondary market.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published, shall be incorporated by reference in and 
form part of the Offering Circular: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements (including the notes thereto) 
and the auditors report of AA in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (which can be 
found 
at 
https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-com/group/market-documents/investors/annual-
reports/en/2019/Annual%20report%202019.pdf) and set out on the following pages of the Annual 
Report of AA in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2019: 
Sales and income 
page 58 
Consolidated income statement and Statement of comprehensive 
income 
page 59 
Comments by division 
page 60 
Results by division 
page 61 
Financial position 
page 62 
Consolidated balance sheet 
page 63 
Cash flow 
page 64 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
page 65 
Changes in consolidated equity 
page 66 
Parent company financial statements 
pages 67 to 68 
Notes 
pages 69 to 93 
Comments on five years in summary 
page 94 
Five years in summary 
page 95 
Definitions of key ratios 
page 96 
Auditor’s report 
pages 98 to 101 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements (including the notes thereto) 
and the auditors report of AA in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (which can be 
found 
at 
https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-com/group/market-documents/investors/annual-
reports/en/2020/Annual%20report%202020.pdf), and set out on the following pages of the Annual 
Report of AA in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2020: 
Sales and income 
page 58 
Consolidated income statement and Consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income 
page 59 
Comments by division 
page 60 
Reporting by division 
page 61 
Financial position 
page 62 
Consolidated balance sheet 
page 63 
Cash flow 
page 64 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
page 65 
Changes in consolidated equity 
page 66 
Parent company financial statements 
pages 67 to 69 
Notes 
pages 70 to 94 
Five years in summary 
page 95 
Comments on five years in summary 
page 96 
Definitions of key ratios 
page 97 
Proposed distribution of earnings 
page 98 
Auditor’s report 
pages 99 to 103 
(iii) 
the Interim Report of AA in respect of the nine months ended 30 September 2021 (which can be found 
at 
https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-com/group/market-documents/investors/interim-
reports/en/2021/Q3%20report%202021.pdf) set out on the following pages; and  
Quarterly report 
pages 1 to 8 (save for

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
the section titled, 
“M&A and FX 
guidance” on page 8) 
and pages 9 to 10 
Condensed consolidated income statement and statement of 
comprehensive income 
page 11 
Condensed consolidated balance sheet 
page 12 
Changes in consolidated equity 
page 12 
Condensed consolidated statement of cash flows 
page 13 
Quarterly information - Group 
page 14 
Reporting by division 
pages 15 to 16 
Notes 
pages 17 to 18 
Financial information – Parent company 
page 19 
Definitions of financial performance measures 
page 19 
 
(iv) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out on pages 39 to 65 of the Offering Circular dated 15 
November 2011 (which can be found at https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-com/group/market-
documents/investors/debt/offering-circulars-and-
supplements/2011/Offering%20Circular%2015%20November%202011.pdf), pages 46 to 76 of the 
Offering 
Circular 
dated 
12 
November 
2013 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-com/group/market-documents/investors/debt/offering-circulars-
and-supplements/2013/Offering%20Circular%2012%20November%202013.pdf), pages 44 to 74 of the 
Offering 
Circular 
dated 
6 
November 
2014 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-com/group/market-documents/investors/debt/offering-circulars-
and-supplements/2014/Offering%20Circular%206%20November%202014.pdf), pages 45 to 75 of the 
Offering 
Circular 
dated 
6 
November 
2015 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-com/group/market-documents/investors/debt/offering-circulars-
and-supplements/2015/Offering%20Circular%206%20November%202015.pdf), pages 45 to 75 of the 
Offering 
Circular 
dated 
4 
November 
2016 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-com/group/market-documents/investors/debt/offering-circulars-
and-supplements/2016/Offering%20Circular%204%20November%202016.pdf), pages 47 to 77 of the 
Offering 
Circular 
dated 
1 
November 
2017 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-com/group/market-documents/investors/debt/offering-circulars-
and-supplements/2017/Offering%20Circular%201%20November%202017.pdf), pages 48 to 79 of the 
Offering Circular dated 26 October 2018 (which can be found at https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-
com/group/market-documents/investors/debt/offering-circulars-and-
supplements/2018/Offering%20Circular%2026%20October%202018.pdf), pages 50 to 83 of the 
Offering Circular dated 18 July 2019 (which can be found at https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-
com/group/market-documents/investors/debt/offering-circulars-and-
supplements/2019/Offering%20Circular%2018%20July%202019.pdf), and pages 59 to 93 of the 
Offering Circular dated 22 July 2020 (which can be found at https://www.assaabloy.com/assaabloy-
com/group/market-documents/investors/debt/offering-circulars-and-
supplements/2020/Offering%20Circular%2022%20July%202020.pdf).  
The financial statements, auditor’s reports and Interim Report (as applicable) referred to in (i), (ii) and (iii) 
above constitute direct and accurate English translations of the original documents. 
For the avoidance of doubt, information, documents or statements expressed to be incorporated by reference 
into any, or expressed to form part of any, of the documents referred to above do not form part of this Offering 
Circular. 
Any parts of a document not listed in the cross-reference lists above has not been incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular. Such information is either (i) not considered by the Issuer to be relevant for prospective 
investors in the Notes to be issued under the Programme or (ii) is covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
Any parts of a document not listed in the cross-reference lists above and therefore not incorporated by reference 
are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. 
The Issuers and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Offering Circular which may 
affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering 
Circular for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "applicable 
Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will either be in bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and Registered Notes will be issued both outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or otherwise in 
private transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of either a temporary bearer global note (a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note) or a permanent bearer global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and 
together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a Bearer Global Note) as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, which, in either case, will (i) if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note 
(NGN) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and (ii) if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to 
be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  
Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the applicable Final Terms may not specify the 
option described in paragraph (ii) above if the Specified Denominations of the Notes consists of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount), in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, 
provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive 
Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer 
Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (i) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Principal 
Paying Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, provided that the 
applicable Final Terms may not specify the option described in paragraph (i) above if the Specified 
Denominations of the Notes consists of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default 
(as defined in Condition 11) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences as a result of legislative changes in the domicile of the 
relevant Issuer which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note 
in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common depositary or the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days 
after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The exchange of a Permanent Bearer Global Note for definitive Bearer Notes upon notice from Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any holder) or at any time at the request of the Issuer should 
not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms if the Notes are issued with a minimum 
Specified Denomination such as €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) plus one or more higher 
integral multiples of another smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Bearer Notes 
which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for definitive Bearer 
Notes. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) where 
TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms and on all interest coupons relating to such Bearer Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-
U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Regulation S Global Note). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) 
applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or 
sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 and may not be 
held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Note will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in 
private transactions (i) QIBs or (ii) Institutional Accredited Investors and who execute and deliver an IAI 
Investment Letter (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") in which they agree to purchase the 
Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. The Registered Notes of each 
Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global note in registered form (a Rule 144A Global Note and, 
together with a Regulation S Global Note, each a Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, The Depository Trust Company (DTC) for its own account or for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a nominee for the Common Depositary 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or 
required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive 
Notes in fully registered form. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in definitive form, 
registered in the name of the holder thereof (Definitive IAI Registered Notes). Unless otherwise set forth in 
the applicable Final Terms, Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be issued only in minimum denominations of 
U.S.$500,000 and integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate equivalents in the 
applicable Specified Currency). Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfer set 
forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions". Institutional Accredited Investors that hold Definitive IAI Registered Notes may not elect 
to hold such Notes through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, but transferees acquiring such Notes 
in transactions exempt from Securities Act registration pursuant to Regulation S or Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act (if available) may do so upon satisfaction of the requirements applicable to such transfer as 
described under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". The Registered Global Notes 
and the Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and 
will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so 
held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
7(d)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 7(d)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in 
that Condition.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the 
relevant Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative 
clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange 
Act and no alternative clearing system is available, (iii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee 
for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iv) the relevant Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by 
the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iv) above, the 
relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer whether or not 
Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  
Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred 
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note or in the form of a Definitive 
IAI Registered Note and Definitive IAI Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a Registered 
Global Note. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set 
forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number 
which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of 
the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be 
prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined under Regulation S) applicable to the Notes 
of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown 
in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to 
the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Guaranteed Notes) and their respective agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, 
for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
and their respective agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject 
to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or such 
nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such 
Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Notes except to the extent that 
in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its 
participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11. In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full 
of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then holders of 
interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC on and subject to the terms of 
a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 22 July 2020 and executed by each of the Issuers. In addition, 
holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver 
definitive Notes in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with DTC's 
standard operating procedures. 
The relevant Issuer and, in the case of Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor, may agree with any Dealer that Notes 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than 
where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a new Offering Circular will be made available which will describe the 
effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes, which are not 
Exempt Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the relevant Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK or the relevant Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if their are MiFID manufacturers following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target 
market approach.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities And Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital market products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].] 
[Date] 
[ASSA ABLOY AB (publ)/ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ)] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [549300YECS8HKCIMMB67/549300Z8OG67W8DBH881] 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[guaranteed by ASSA ABLOY AB (publ)] 
 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated 2 November 2021 ([the Offering Circular together with the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]], ]the Offering Circular). The Offering Circular constitutes a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated [15 November 2011/12 November 2013/6 November 2014/6 November 
2015/4 November 2016/1 November 2017/26 October 2018/18 July 2019/22 July 2020] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Offering Circular dated 2 November 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Offering Circular dated 2 November 2021, [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] (the Offering 
Circular) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, 
including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).] 
 
                                                     
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if their are UK MiFIR manufacturers following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target 
market approach.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number:  
[       ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number:  
[       ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [       ] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 
40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 22 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [       ]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[       ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
(i) 
Series:  
[       ] 
(ii) 
Tranche:  
[       ] 
4. 
Issue Price of Tranche:  
[       ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [       ]]  
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[       ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used, the 
following sample wording should be followed:  
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see the Conditions): 
[       ] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date:  
[       ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[[       ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date:  
[       ] / [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[       ]]  
8. 
Interest Basis:  
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[       ] +/– [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph 12/13/14 below)  
9. 
Redemption Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100]/[   ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount  
10. 
Change of Interest Basis:  
[Not Applicable][For the period from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date, up to (but 
excluding) [       ] paragraph [12/13] applies and for 
the period from (and including) [       ], up to (and

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [12/13] 
applies] 
11. 
Put/Call Options:  
[Not Applicable] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Special Redemption Event] 
[Make-whole Redemption by Issuer] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[(see paragraph [15/16/17/18/19] below)]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[       ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[       ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
the 
Conditions): 
[       ] per Calculation Amount  
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
the 
Conditions): 
 
[[       ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/ on][       ]][Not 
Applicable]  
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/ Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s):  
[[        ] in each year] [Not Applicable]  
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates:  
[       ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below /, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable]  
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s):  
[       ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent):  
[[       ] (the Calculation Agent)/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
 
- 
Reference 
Rate, 
Specified 
Time and Relevant Financial 
Reference Rate: [    ] month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Centre:  
/TIBOR/BUBOR/PRIBOR/WIBOR/TRLIBOR/ 
ROBOR/SIBOR/HIBOR/SHIBOR/JIBAR/TIIE] 
Specified Time: [    ] 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/Stockholm/Oslo/Copenhagen/ 
Tokyo/Budapest/Prague/Warsaw/Istanbul/Bucharest/ 
Singapore/Hong Kong/Shanghai/Johannesburg/ 
Mexico City] 
- 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):  
[       ] 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination:  
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Floating Rate Option:  
[       ] 
- 
Designated Maturity:  
[       ] 
- 
Reset Date:  
[       ] 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long Interest Period)] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum  
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[       ] per cent. per annum  
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[       ] per cent. per annum  
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Accrual Yield:  
[       ] per cent. per annum  
(ii) 
Reference Price:  
[       ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:  
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[       ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part:  
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:  
[       ]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
[       ] 
16. 
Special Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Acquisition Target: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Special Redemption Longstop Date: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
Special Redemption Amount: 
[       ] 
(iv) 
Special Redemption Option Period: 
The period from [[       ] / the Issue Date] to [[       ] / 
the Special Redemption Longstop Date] 
(v) 
If redeemable in part:  
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[       ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[       ] 
17. 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Make-whole Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin: 
[[       ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[       ]] 
(iv) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[       ]] time/Not 
Applicable 
(v) 
Reference Rate Determination Date: 
[The [       ] Business Day preceding the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
18. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Investor Put:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[       ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[       ] per Calculation Amount  
20. 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[       ] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default:  
[       ] per Calculation Amount  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES  
22. 
Form of Notes:  
[Bearer Notes:  
(i) 
Form:  
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]]  
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]  
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]]] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.] 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed 
to 
be 
applicable 
if 
the 
Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5(i) includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].”.) 
 
[Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[     ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]]/[Rule 
144A Global Note (U.S.$[     ] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]]/[Definitive 
IAI 
Registered Notes]] 
(ii) 
New Global Note:  
[Yes] [No]  
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/[       ]] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Bearer Notes:  
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made /No.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the][The] Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [ASSA ABLOY AB (publ)/ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ)]: 
By:_______________________  
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of [ASSA ABLOY AB (publ)/ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ)]: 
By:_______________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading:  
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
specify other relevant regulated market and, if 
relevant, listing on an official list] with effect from [   
].] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:  
[       ] 
2. 
RATINGS  
 
Ratings:  
[Not Applicable / The Notes to be issued are not to be 
rated / The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated:][The following rating[s] 
reflect[s] ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally:] 
[Moody's: 
[    ]] 
[S&P:  
[    ]] 
[[Each of] [Moody’s/S&P] is established in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
[as it forms part of domestic legislation by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (the 
[UK] CRA Regulation)] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.] 
4. 
YIELD 
Indication of yield:  
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
5. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[See 
[“Use 
of 
Proceeds”] 
in 
the 
Offering 
Circular/Give details] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Offering 
Circular – if reasons for offer different from what is 
disclosed in the Offering Circular, give details.)

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[     ] 
 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION  
(i) 
ISIN:  
[       ] 
(ii) 
Common Code:  
[       ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number (s):  
[Not Applicable/[       ]]  
(iv) 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[       ] 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(vii) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper].  Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a “retail 
investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II/UK MIFIR Product Governance / Target Market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not 
“prescribed capital market products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].] 
THE CSSF HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT IN CONNECTION WITH EXEMPT NOTES. 
[Date] 
[ASSA ABLOY AB (publ)/ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ)] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [549300YECS8HKCIMMB67/549300Z8OG67W8DBH881] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
                                                     
1. 
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the relevant Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK or the relevant Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer.]3 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be read 
in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 2 November 2021 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the Offering Circular).  Full information on the Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement 
and the Offering Circular.  The Offering Circular has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Offering Circular [dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the Offering 
Circular]4.  Any reference in the Conditions to "relevant Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"relevant Pricing Supplement", where relevant. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer:  
[ASSA ABLOY AB (publ)/ASSA 
ABLOY Financial Services 
AB (publ)]  
(ii) 
[Guarantor:  
[ASSA ABLOY AB (publ)]]  
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
5. 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see the Conditions): 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
                                                     
3  
Do not include if the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" legend is included (because the Notes  potentially constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be prepared) and the related selling restriction is specified to be "Applicable". 
4. 
  
Only include this language for a fungible issue and the original trance was issued under an Offering Circular with a different date.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/or for 
Floating rate notes - Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [      ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Special Redemption Event] 
[Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
the 
Conditions): 
 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in [[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
the 
Conditions): 
 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes which are Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below /, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following  
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent): 
[          ] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference 
Rate, 
Specified 
Time and Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[     ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/specify other Reference Rate]. 
Specified Time: [     ] 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/specify 
other] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR and the second day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long Interest Period)] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Other] 
(See Condition 6 for options) 
(xiii) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes which 
are Exempt Notes, if different from 
those set out in the Conditions: 
[          ] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for Zero 
Coupon Notes which are Exempt 
Notes: 
[          ] 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual 365] 
16. 
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent 
[give name] 
(iii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest (if not the Calculation 
Agent) and Interest Amount (if not 
the Principal Paying Agent): 
[          ] 
(iv) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula is impossible or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement 
disruption 
events 
and 
adjustment 
provisions] 
(v) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(vii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(viii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[          ] 
17. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(ii) 
Party, 
if 
any, 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
principal 
and/or 
interest due (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[[          ] (the Calculation Agent)/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement 
disruption 
events 
and 
adjustment 
provisions] 
(iv) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[          ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(iv) 
Notice periods (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions: 
[       ] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
19. 
Special Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Acquisition Target: 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Special Redemption Longstop Date: 
[       ] 
(iii) 
Special Redemption Amount: 
[       ] 
(iv) 
Special Redemption Option Period: 
The period from [[       ] / the Issue Date] to [[       ] / 
the Special Redemption Longstop Date] 
(v) 
If redeemable in part:  
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[       ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[       ] 
20. 
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Make-whole Redemption Date(s): 
[       ] 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin: 
[[       ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[       ]] 
(iv) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[       ]] time/Not 
Applicable 
(v) 
Reference Rate Determination Date: 
[The [       ] Business Day preceding the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] 
(vii) 
Notice periods (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions: 
[       ] 
 
21. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the below subparagraph) 
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(iii) 
Notice periods (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions: 
 
[       ] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
24. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default and/or the method of calculating the 
same (if required): 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider). If, however, 
the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value, consideration should be 
given as to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
(i) 
Form:  
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event] ((N.B.: this option may only be 
used where “TEFRA not applicable” has been 
specified below.)]] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium 
except to a clearing system, a depositary or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgium Law of 14 
December 20055] 
                                                     
5  
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$[     ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]]/[Rule 
144A Global Note (U.S.$[     ] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]]/[Definitive 
IAI 
Registered Notes]] 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest to 
which sub-paragraphs 14(iii) and 16(vii) relate) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
28. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing 
Supplement. [[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  [Each of the][The] 
Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of [ASSA ABLOY AB (publ)/ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ)]: 
By:_______________________  
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of [ASSA ABLOY AB (publ)/ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ)]: 
By:_______________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [specify market - note this must not be a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area] 
with effect from [   ].] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes to be issued are not to be 
rated / The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated:][The following rating[s] 
reflect[s] ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally:] 
[Moody's: 
[    ]] 
[S&P:  
[    ]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its] affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
Use of Proceeds: 
[     ]] 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different to 
that stated in the Offering Circular) 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(vi) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
(vii) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them 
the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]  
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Investors: 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer, (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and 
Conditions for the purpose of such Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will 
be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of 
Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply 
in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by the Issuer named in the applicable Final 
Terms (as defined below) (the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(iv) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement dated 2 November 2021 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Agency Agreement) each made between ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ) (AAFS) as an issuer, 
ASSA ABLOY AB (publ) (AA) as an issuer and as a guarantor of Notes issued by AAFS (in its capacity as 
such, the Guarantor), Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank 
(the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the 
other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
exchange agent (the Exchange Agent, which expression shall include any successor exchange agent) and as 
transfer agent (the Transfer Agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents) 
and Citibank Europe Plc, Germany Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any 
successor registrar). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or 
Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, if this 
Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in 
Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of 
this Note.  References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  Any reference in the Conditions to

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where 
relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
If this Note is issued by AA, references in these Terms and Conditions to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related 
expressions, are not applicable. 
Notes issued by AAFS (Guaranteed Notes) will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to a guarantee (such guarantee as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the Guarantee) dated 22 July 2020 and executed by the Guarantor. The original of the Guarantee is 
held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the Couponholders at its specified office. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the 
holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all suspects save for the amount and date of first payment on 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 22 
July 2020 and made by, inter alia, the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, a deed poll (such deed poll as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Deed Poll) dated 12 November 2013 and made by the Issuer and the Deed 
of Covenant (i) are available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of each of the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar 
and the other Paying Agents and Transfer Agent (such Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the 
Agents) or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying 
Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to such Paying Agent). If the Notes 
are to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this Note is 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted 
Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant 
Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  Copies of each Final Terms relating to Notes which are 
admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area or offered in any other 
Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be available for viewing in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the rules and regulations of the relevant regulated market. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In these Terms and Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of 
definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the 
Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged 
for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero 
Coupon Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, 
an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered 
Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The 
Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether 
or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or 
other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the 
registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a 
Registered Global Note, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder 
of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the 
Notes except to the extent that in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights 
may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References 
to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time 
being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global 
Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's 
nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e) and (f) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in 
part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such 
transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer 
of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or 
holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due 
and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the 
request and that the transfer is in compliance with the transfer restrictions set forth in such Registered 
Note. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar 
may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 10 to the Agency 
Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication 
and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by 
uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form 
of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will 
be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. 
person will only be made: 
(i) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which are 
available from the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor 
of the Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(A) 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting 
the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(B) 
to a person who is an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with, in the case of 
(B), a duly executed investment letter from the relevant transferee substantially in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement (an IAI Investment Letter); or 
(ii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws 
of any state of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or 
any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (A) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note in global or 
definitive form and, in the case of (B) above, such transferee may take delivery only through a 
Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period (i) 
beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be 
held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (ii) 
such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, upon 
receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the 
effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, in the case of a 
Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC if such transfer is being 
made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the 
Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
(A) 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(B) 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor, subject to delivery to the 
Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is 
being made to an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed IAI 
Investment Letter from the relevant transferee; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws 
of any state of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or 
any other jurisdiction. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A or outside the 
United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs or non-U.S. investors 
through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate, and the Registrar will arrange for 
any Notes which are the subject of such a transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered 
Global Note, where applicable. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for removal of 
the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove the Legend, as the case 
may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions 
on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of each Tranche of Notes; 
Institutional Accredited Investor means accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a)(l), (2), (3) or 
(7) under the Securities Act) that are institutions; 
Legended Notes means Registered Notes in definitive form that are issued to Institutional Accredited 
Investors and Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a Registered Global Note) 
issued to QIBs which bear certain legends regarding U.S. restrictions on transfer; 
QIB means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Regulation S Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S; 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
Rule 144A Global Note means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the United States 
to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A or otherwise in private transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act; and 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee in respect of the Notes are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor 
and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement): 
(a) 
the Issuer shall not, and shall procure that no member of the Group (as defined below) shall, create or 
permit to subsist any encumbrance other than a Permitted Encumbrance (as defined below) over all or 
any of its present or future revenues or assets to secure any Debt Obligations (as defined below); and 
(b) 
the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) shall not, and shall procure that no member of the 
Group (as defined below) shall, create or permit to subsist any encumbrance other than a Permitted 
Encumbrance (as defined below) over all or any of its present or future revenues or assets to secure any 
Debt Obligations (as defined below), 
without, in any such case, at the same time (i) securing the outstanding Notes or procuring that the outstanding 
Notes are secured equally and rateably therewith by the same security or by such other security as the 
Noteholders may by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) approve or (ii) according

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
to the Guarantee or causing to be accorded to the Guarantee the same security or such other security as the 
Noteholders may by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) approve. 
In these Conditions: 
Debt Obligations means any indebtedness, which is in the form of, or represented by, notes, bonds or other 
securities which are, or are to be, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or on any stock exchange or 
over-the-counter market; 
an encumbrance shall be construed as a reference to (a) a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance 
securing any obligation of any person or (b) any other type of preferential arrangement (including title transfer 
and retention arrangements) having a similar effect; 
Group means at any time the Issuer and its Subsidiaries or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and 
its Subsidiaries; 
a Permitted Encumbrance means either: 
(a) 
an encumbrance on the undertaking, assets or revenues of any company becoming a Subsidiary after the 
date of the creation of such encumbrance which encumbrance was not created in connection with or in 
contemplation of such entity becoming a Subsidiary; or 
(b) 
an encumbrance created in the course of a Permitted Securitisation (as defined below); 
a Permitted Securitisation means any transaction or series of transactions where the Debt Obligations are 
incurred by a member of the Group in connection with a Securitisation and: 
(a) 
recourse in relation to those Debt Obligations is substantially limited to the loans, receivables or other 
financial assets being securitised; and 
(b) 
such assets comprise all or substantially all of the assets of that member of the Group; and 
Subsidiary means a subsidiary within the meaning of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). 
5. 
Redenomination 
This Condition 5 has been deleted intentionally.  
6. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (I) the Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (II) such Registered Notes; or

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 6(a): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:  
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.; and

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Relevant Notes means all Notes where the applicable Final Terms provide for a minimum Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least €100,000 and which are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Terms and Conditions, 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or 
the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls 
the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System, 
as defined below) specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(B) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; 
and 
(C) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA 
Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
If no Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 6(b)(iv) and subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at the Specified Time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, 
if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for 
the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
If, other than in the circumstances described in Condition 6(b)(iv) below, the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no offered quotation appears 
or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as 
at the Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre, the Issuer and (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor shall appoint a Determination Agent and the 
Determination Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Determination Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Determination Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Determination Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Determination Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Determination Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Determination 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is NIBOR) or the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR) or 
the Tokyo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is TIBOR) or the Budapest inter-
bank market (if the reference rate is BUBOR) or the Prague inter-bank market (if the 
reference rate is PRIBOR) or the Warsaw inter-bank market (if the reference rate is 
WIBOR) or the Istanbul inter-bank market (if the reference rate is TRLIBOR) or the 
Bucharest inter-bank market (if the reference rate is ROBOR) or the Singapore inter-
bank market (if the reference rate is SIBOR) or the Hong Kong inter-bank market (if 
the reference rate is HIBOR) or the Shanghai inter-bank market (if the reference rate is 
SHIBOR) or the Johannesburg inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is JIBAR) or 
the Mexico City inter-bank market (if the reference rate is TIIE) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Determination Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer and (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor suitable for the purpose) informs the Determination 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR) or the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or 
the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) or the Copenhagen inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR) or the Tokyo inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is TIBOR) or the Budapest inter-bank market (if the reference rate is 
BUBOR) or the Prague inter-bank market (if the reference rate is PRIBOR) or the 
Warsaw inter-bank market (if the reference rate is WIBOR) or the Istanbul inter-bank 
market (if the reference rate is TRLIBOR) or the Bucharest inter-bank market (if the 
reference rate is ROBOR) or the Singapore inter-bank market (if the reference rate is 
SIBOR) or the Hong Kong inter-bank market (if the reference rate is HIBOR) or the 
Shanghai inter-bank market (if the reference rate is SHIBOR) or the Johannesburg 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is JIBAR) or the Mexico City inter-bank 
market (if the reference rate is TIIE) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Determination Agent means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, a leading 
investment bank which is an active market participant in the London inter-bank market, 
in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, a leading investment bank which is an 
active market participant in the Euro-zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of a Reference Rate that is not LIBOR or EURIBOR, a leading 
investment bank which is an active market participant in the inter-bank market of the 
Relevant Financial Centre, in each case as selected by the Issuer and the Guarantor (in 
the case of Guaranteed Notes); 
Interest Determination Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or if 
none is so specified: 
(1) 
if the Reference Rate is the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) (other 
than Sterling or Euro LIBOR), the second London business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period; 
(2) 
if the Reference Rate is Sterling LIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period; 
(3) 
if the Reference Rate is Euro LIBOR or the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR), the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period; 
(4) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(5) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the 
second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(6) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), the 
second Copenhagen business day prior to the start of each Interest Period;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(7) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR), the second 
Tokyo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(8) 
if the Reference Rate is the Budapest interbank offered rate (BUBOR), the 
second Budapest business day prior to the start of each Interest Period;  
(9) 
if the Reference Rate is the Prague interbank offered rate (PRIBOR), the 
second Prague business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(10) 
if the Reference Rate is the Warsaw interbank offered rate (WIBOR), the 
second Warsaw business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(11) 
if the Reference Rate is the Turkish Lira interbank offered rate (TRLIBOR), 
the first day of each Interest Period; 
(12) 
if the Reference Rate is the Romanian interbank offered rate (ROBOR), the 
second Bucharest business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(13) 
if the Reference Rate is the Singapore interbank offered rate (SIBOR), the 
second Singapore business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(14) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR), the 
first day of each Interest Period; 
(15) 
if the Reference Rate is the Shanghai interbank offered rate (SHIBOR), the 
second Shanghai business day prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(16) 
if the Reference Rate is the Johannesburg interbank agreed rate (JIBAR), the 
first day of each Interest Period; and 
(17) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tasa de Interés Interbancaria de Equilibrio 
(Interbank Equilibrium Interest Rate) (TIIE), the first day of each Interest 
Period; 
Reference Banks means (i) in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal 
London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, (ii) in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, (iii) in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the 
principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, 
(iv) in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major 
banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, (v) in the case of a determination of CIBOR, the 
principal Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Copenhagen inter-bank market, 
(vi) in the case of a determination of TIBOR, the principal Tokyo office of ten major 
banks in the Tokyo inter-bank market, (vii) in the case of a determination of BUBOR, 
the principal Budapest office of four major banks in the Budapest inter-bank market, 
(viii) in the case of a determination of PRIBOR, the principal Prague office of four 
major banks in the Prague inter-bank market, (ix) in the case of a determination of 
WIBOR, the principal Warsaw office of five major banks in the Warsaw inter-bank 
market, (x) in the case of a determination of TRLIBOR, the principal Istanbul office of 
five major banks in the Istanbul inter-bank market, (xi) in the case of a determination 
of ROBOR, the principal Bucharest office of four major banks in the Bucharest inter-
bank market, (xii) in the case of a determination of SIBOR, the principal Singapore 
office of four major banks in the Singapore inter-bank market, (xiii) in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of four major banks in the 
Hong Kong inter-bank market, (xiv) in the case of a determination of SHIBOR, the 
principal Shanghai office of four major banks in the Shanghai inter-bank market, (xv) 
in the case of a determination of JIBAR, the principal Johannesburg office of four 
major banks in the Johannesburg inter-bank market and (xvi) in the case of a 
determination of TIIE, the principal Mexico City office of four major banks in the 
Mexico City inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Determination Agent;

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Reference Rate means (i) LIBOR, (ii) EURIBOR, (iii) STIBOR, (iv) NIBOR, (v) 
CIBOR, (vi) TIBOR, (vii) BUBOR, (viii) PRIBOR, (ix) WIBOR, (x) TRLIBOR, (xi) 
ROBOR, (xii) SIBOR, (xiii) HIBOR, (xiv) SHIBOR, (xv) JIBAR or (xvi) TIIE, in each 
case for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Financial Centre means (i) London, in the case of a determination of 
LIBOR, (ii) Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, (iii) Stockholm, in 
the case of a determination of STIBOR, (iv) Oslo, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, (v) Copenhagen, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, (vi) Tokyo, in the 
case of a determination of TIBOR, (vii) Budapest, in the case of a determination of 
BUBOR, (viii) Prague, in the case of a determination of PRIBOR, (ix) Warsaw, in the 
case of a determination of WIBOR, (x) Istanbul, in the case of a determination of 
TRLIBOR, (xi) Bucharest, in the case of a determination of ROBOR, (xii) Singapore, 
in the case of a determination of SIBOR, (xiii) Hong Kong, in the case of a 
determination of HIBOR, (xiv) Shanghai, in the case of a determination of SHIBOR, 
(xv) Johannesburg, in the case of a determination of JIBAR and (xvi) Mexico City, in 
the case of a determination of TIIE, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Specified Time means (i) in the case of LIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case of 
EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (iii) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (iv) in the case of 
NIBOR, 12.00 noon, (v) in the case of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (vi) in the case of TIBOR, 
11.00 a.m., (vii) in the case of BUBOR, 12.30 p.m., (viii) in the case of PRIBOR, 11.00 
a.m., (ix) in the case of WIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (x) in the case of TRLIBOR, 11.15 a.m., 
(xi) in the case of ROBOR, 11.00 a.m., (xii) in the case of SIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (xiii) in 
the case of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (xiv) in the case of SHIBOR, 11.30 a.m., (xv) in the 
case of JIBAR, 11.00 a.m. and (xvi) in the case of TIIE, 11.00 a.m., as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Replacement  
In addition, notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6(b), if the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined below) has occurred in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when any Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser (as defined below) to determine (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), no later than 5 Business Days prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period 
(the IA Determination Cut-off Date), a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Notes for each relevant future Interest Period; 
(B) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or, 
in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, prior to the IA Determination Cut-off

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference 
Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread; 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, 
failing which, such Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall replace the 
Original Reference Rate for each relevant future Interest Period (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(b)(iv));  
(D) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), shall determine (each acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) an Adjustment Spread (which 
may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula methodology for determining 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (and for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment 
Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); 
(E) 
if sub-paragraph (B) applies and the Issuer is unable to or does not determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 6(b)(ii)(B); for 
the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (E) shall apply to the relevant 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods (as applicable) are subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(b)(iv); 
(F) 
if any Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
the above provisions and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable and each 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines (A) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen 
Page, Business Day Convention, Business Day, Additional Business Centres, Interest 
Determination Date, Specified Time, Relevant Financial Centre and/or Reference Rate) 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate and/or (in either case) Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
6(b)(iv)(G), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (as applicable) to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice; for the avoidance of doubt, the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction 
and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 6(b)(iv)(F), and no Noteholder or Couponholder consent shall be required in 
connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread or such other changes (including any 
Benchmark Amendments, as defined above), including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps by the Principal Paying Agent (if required); and  
(G) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the applicable

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments under this 
Condition 6(b)(iv), give notice thereof to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(iv): 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case which is to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate or (where (a) above does not apply) in the 
case of a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
(if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines that neither (a) nor (b) above applies) the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(d) 
(if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines that none of (a), (b) or (c) above is applicable) the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines to be 
appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); 
Alternative Reference Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency and with an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest 
Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no 
such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in 
its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most 
comparable to the relevant Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b)(iv)(F); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (B)(i); 
or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(i); or 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in 
each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (E)(i); or 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, any other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or any Paying Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(G) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 6(b)(iv)(A); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference 
Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a 
(or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs 
in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall 
include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference 
Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6(b): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2




 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
[30
)]
-
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2




Y
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)]
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2







 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined); or  
(ii) 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined),  
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
other of which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(vi) Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen 
Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer, (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later 
than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 15 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(viii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 6(b) by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, the 
Determination Agent or (in the circumstances described in Condition 6(b)(iv)) an Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, the Determination Agent, an Independent Advisor or the Issuer in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant 
to such provisions. 
(c) 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, TIBOR, BUBOR, PRIBOR, WIBOR, TRLIBOR, 
ROBOR, SIBOR, HIBOR, SHIBOR, JIBAR or TIIE, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt 
Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of 
Condition 6(b) shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the 
references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Principal Paying Agent were references to Index 
Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as 
soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and 
its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and 
save as provided in Condition 7(f)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for 
payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 9) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 10) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment 
Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the 
nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment 
of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will 
be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous 
sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the nominal amount of the Notes 
held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified 
Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the 
case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated 
Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) and (in the case 
of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by 
a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the 
relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in 
the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and 
(ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth 
day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date) at his address shown in the 
Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment 
may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such 
application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest 
due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has 
made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in 
the same manner as payment of the nominal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in respect 
of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the 
Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or 
its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
None of the Issuer, (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor or the Agents will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(e) 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof. 
(f) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each 
payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor have appointed Paying Agents with specified 
offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the 
Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor. 
(g) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
in any Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
(iii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open; and 
(iv) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in 
respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial 
banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
(h) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(v) 
the Special Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 9.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (which, 
in the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes or Exempt Notes, shall be an amount equal to at 
least 100 per cent. of its nominal amount) in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 8(h), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, (a) the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 or (b) (in the case 
of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure 
payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional 
amounts, in each case, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or 
will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (h) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or (if 
redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date. If redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Make-whole Redemption 
If Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption (the Make-whole Redemption Date)), redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Make-
whole Redemption Date and at the Make-whole Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date. If redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will be selected individually by lot, in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC, 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, on a Selection Date not more than 30 
days prior to the Make-whole Redemption Date. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance 
with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the Make-whole Redemption Date. No exchange of the 
relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to 
(and including) the Make-whole Redemption Date pursuant to this paragraph (d) and notice to that 
effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days 
prior to the Selection Date. 
In this Condition 8(d), Make-whole Redemption Amount means: 
(A) the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest to maturity (or, if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and 
the Optional Redemption Amount is specified as being an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 
per cent. of the principal amount of the relevant Note, the remaining scheduled payments of interest to 
the first Optional Redemption Date (assuming the Notes to be redeemed on such date), as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) on the Notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of such payments 
of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the Make-whole Redemption Date on an 
annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Reference Rate plus 
the Make-whole Redemption Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, 
will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Calculation Agent as having a maturity 
comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
Calculation Agent means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank appointed by the 
relevant Issuer for the purposes of calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Calculation Agent advises the 
Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security specified is not appropriate for 
such purpose, such other central bank or government security as the Calculation Agent may, with the 
advice of Reference Market Makers, determined to be appropriate; 
Reference Bond Price means (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for the 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market 
Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than one, such 
Reference Market Maker Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one such 
Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market Maker Quotation 
so obtained; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and any 
Make-whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Day specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the Reference 
Bond selected by the Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the market for securities 
such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the relevant 
Issuer; and 
Reference Rate means, with respect to any Make-whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal to 
the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond, calculated using a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Make-
whole Redemption Date. The Reference Rate will be calculated on the Reference Rate Determination 
Day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call) 
If Special Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a Special Redemption Event, the Issuer may, on giving (i) not less than 10 nor more than 
30 days' notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify the date fixed for redemption); and (ii) not less than 5 days' notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent, in each case during the Special Redemption Option Period (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), at its option, redeem all or (if redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding at the Special Redemption Amount (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
set for redemption. If redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will be selected individually by lot, in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC, 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, on a Selection Date not more than 30 
days prior to the date set for redemption. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date set for redemption. No exchange of the relevant 
Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date set for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (e) and notice to that effect shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition, a Special Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred if 
the Group (i) has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) by the Special Redemption Longstop Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms); or (ii) has published an announcement that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the 
Acquisition Target. 
(f) 
Issuer Residual Call 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Series issued (other than as a result (in whole or in part) of a partial redemption of the 
Notes pursuant to Condition 8(c), Condition 8(d) or Condition 8(e)), the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at the 
Residual Call Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered Notes may be redeemed under this 
Condition 8(g) in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and (in the case of Registered 
Notes) DTC, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify 
a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be 
redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be 
redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered 
Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(b), accompanied by 
this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery 
of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented by a Global Note 
or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, the holder of this Note 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be) (which may include notice being given on 
his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for them or by DTC (as the case may be) to the Agent or the Registrar 
(as the case may be) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC (as the case may be) from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global 
Note the terms of which require presentation for recording changes to its nominal amount, at the same

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the Agent or the Registrar (as the 
case may be) for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph (g) shall be 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred 
and be continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 11. 
(h) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 11:  
(i) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and  
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY) y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
365). 
(i) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor may at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. All Notes so 
purchased will be surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (i) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (e), (f) or (g) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 11 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (h)(ii) above as though 
the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and notice to 
that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer or by 
the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) will be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be, will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same 
for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in 
Condition 7(g)). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the 
case of Guaranteed Notes) be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes  and Coupons for, 
or on account of, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount 
of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
10. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of 
principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7(b) or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 7(b).

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
11. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
Failure to Pay: the Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor fails to pay in 
the Specified Currency any amount of principal or interest in respect of the Notes on the due 
date for payment thereof and such failure is not remedied within five Swedish Business Days; 
or 
(ii) 
Other Obligations: the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor fails duly to 
perform or comply with any other obligation under or in respect of the Notes and Coupons or 
the Guarantee and such failure, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within twenty Swedish 
Business Days of written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) by any Noteholder or Couponholder having been delivered to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) or to the Principal Paying Agent; or 
(iii) 
Cross Default: any indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer, (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor becomes, or is declared, due and payable prior to the scheduled maturity 
as a result of a default thereunder or any such indebtedness for borrowed money or interest 
thereon is not paid when due or within any applicable grace period therefor or any guarantee or 
indemnity given by the Issuer, (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor or any Principal 
Subsidiary of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor in respect of any 
borrowed money is not honoured when due and called upon or within any applicable grace 
period therefor provided that any such event shall not constitute an Event of Default unless the 
indebtedness for borrowed money or the liability of the Issuer, (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor under the guarantee or indemnity concerned exceeds €50,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies); or 
(iv) 
Insolvency and Rescheduling: the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or 
any Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor is 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due, commences negotiations with any one or more of its 
creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of its indebtedness or makes a 
general assignment for the benefit of or a composition with its creditors; or 
(v) 
Winding-up: save in connection with a Permitted Merger, the Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case 
of Guaranteed Notes) or any Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor takes any corporate action or other steps are taken or legal proceedings 
are started for its winding-up, dissolution, administration or re-organisation or for the 
appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, conservator, 
custodian, trustee or similar officer of it or of all or a substantial part of its revenues and assets; 
or 
(vi) 
Execution or Distress: any execution or distress is levied against, or an encumbrancer takes 
possession of, the whole or a substantial part of, the property, undertaking or assets of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or any Principal Subsidiary of the 
Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor and, in any case, such event is not 
stayed or discharged within twenty Swedish Business Days; or 
(vii) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any jurisdiction has a similar or 
analogous effect to any of those events mentioned in paragraphs (iv) (Insolvency and 
Rescheduling); (v) (Winding-up) or (vi) (Execution or Distress); or 
(viii) 
Repudiation: the Issuer repudiates its obligations in respect of the Notes or does or causes to be 
done any act or thing evidencing an intention to repudiate such obligations or (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor repudiates its obligations under the Guarantee or does or 
causes to be done any act or thing evidencing an intention to repudiate such obligations; or

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
(ix) 
Validity and Admissibility: at any time any act, condition or thing required to be done, fulfilled 
or performed in order (A) to enable the Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights under and perform the obligations expressed 
to be assumed by it under and in respect of the Notes or the Guarantee, as the case may be, (B) 
to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable or (C) to make the 
Notes and the Coupons or, as the case may be, the Guarantee admissible in evidence in the 
Kingdom of Sweden is not done, fulfilled or performed; or 
(x) 
Illegality: at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any or 
all of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or any of the obligations of the Issuer 
thereunder are not or cease to be legal, valid and binding or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
the Guarantee is terminated or ceases to be in full force and effect, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor or the Principal Paying Agent, effective 
upon the date of receipt thereof by the Issuer or the Guarantee, as the case may be or the Principal 
Paying Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due 
and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 8(h)), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind. 
(b) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Permitted Merger means: 
(i) 
a reconstruction or amalgamation while solvent of any Principal Subsidiary; or 
(ii) 
a voluntary solvent winding-up or dissolution either in connection with, or following and as a 
result of, the transfer of the business, undertaking and assets of any Principal Subsidiary to 
another member or members of the Group, in each case, where Net Worth is not reduced; 
a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor at any time shall mean a Subsidiary of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor: 
(i) 
whose total assets (excluding intra-Group items) (unconsolidated) represent at least 5 per cent. 
of the total assets (being the total of fixed assets and current assets), of the Group (as shown in 
the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Group); or 
(ii) 
whose sales (excluding intra-Group items) (unconsolidated) represent at least 5 per cent. of the 
sales of the Group (as shown in the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Group); or 
(iii) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor which immediately before the transfer is a Principal 
Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as calculated from the then latest financial 
statements (calculated on an unconsolidated basis), audited if prepared, of that Subsidiary and, if that 
Subsidiary has been acquired after the period with respect to which the then latest published audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group were drawn up, such statements shall be adjusted as if 
such Subsidiary had been a member of the Group during such period. 
A report by two of the Directors of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor that, in their 
opinion, a Subsidiary of the Issuer or, as the case may be the Guarantor is or is not or was or was not at 
any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary, shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Net Worth means the aggregate, immediately prior to a Permitted Merger, of the amounts paid up or 
credited as paid up on the issued share capital of the Group (other than any redeemable shares) and the 
aggregate amount of the reserves of the Group including:

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
(i) 
any amount credited to share premium account; 
(ii) 
any capital redemption reserve fund; and 
(iii) 
any balance standing to the credit of the profit and loss account of the Group, but deducting: 
(A) 
any debit balance on the consolidated profit and loss account of the Group; 
(B) 
any dividend or distribution declared, recommended or made by any member of the 
Group to the extent payable to a person who is not a member of the Group and such 
distribution is not provided for in the most recent financial statements, 
and so that no amount shall be included or excluded more than once; and 
Swedish Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in Stockholm. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Agents 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional Paying 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part 
B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars 
are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent with a specified 
office in New York City. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 7(f). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more 
than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent. 
14. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
15. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as the Bearer Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that 
any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort 
or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Bearer Notes are 
for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of 
the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if 
posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in 
addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange 
(or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the third day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case 
of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case 
may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including 
the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement or the Guarantee. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) or Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency 
of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per 
cent. of the persons voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or if, a poll was duly demanded, by a 
majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on the poll , (ii) a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a 
form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the 
law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter.  In 
addition, no Noteholder or Couponholder consent shall be required in connection with any variation of these 
Conditions or the Agency Agreement in relation to effecting any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread or such other changes (including any Benchmark 
Amendments) in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 6(b)(iv) above. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to 
create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart 
from that Act. 
19. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll, the Notes and the 
Coupons (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of the 
aforementioned) are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor agree, for the exclusive benefit of the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons or the Guarantee 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes and/or the Coupons or the Guarantee) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings 
(together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons or 
the Guarantee may be brought in such courts.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
The Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor hereby irrevocably waive any objection 
which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such 
court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby 
further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall 
be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
To the extent allowed by law, nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take 
Proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall 
the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor appoint ASSA ABLOY Limited at its 
registered office at School Street, Willenhall, West Midlands WV13 3PW as its agent for service of 
process, and undertake that, in the event of ASSA ABLOY Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be 
registered in England, they will appoint another person as their respective agent for service of process 
in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in 
any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll and (in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor has in the Agency Agreement and the Guarantee submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially 
similar to those set out above.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Save as set out in the following paragraphs, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the 
relevant Issuer for its general corporate purposes which include making a profit.  
If Special Redemption Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) as “Applicable”, the net proceeds from such issue of Notes will be applied by the 
relevant Issuer to finance, or refinance, the HHI Acquisition (as described in the section titled “ASSA ABLOY 
AB (publ) – The acquisition of HHI division of Spectrum Brands”) or any other Acquisition Target (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). The applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may also state the potential use for general 
corporate purposes or other purposes if the Special Redemption Event occurs but the relevant Issuer elects not 
to exercise the Special Redemption Event (Issuer Call). 
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
ASSA ABLOY AB (publ) 
History 
AA was formed in 1994 as a public limited liability company through the merger of the lock companies of 
ASSA AB (formerly owned by Securitas AB, Sweden) and ABLOY OY (formerly owned by Metra Oyj Abp, 
Finland). On 8 November 1994, AA was listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange (now Nasdaq Stockholm). 
Since then, AA and its subsidiaries (together the Group) have expanded both organically and by further 
acquisitions. 
AA was incorporated as a legal entity on 2 April 1954 under the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) for an 
indefinite period of time and its Corporate Organisation number is 556059-3575. AA's registered office is 
located at P.O. Box 70340 (Klarabergsviadukten 90), SE-107 23 Stockholm, Sweden. Its telephone number is 
+46 (0)8 506 485 00 and website is https://www.assaabloy.com/group/en.  
Business 
Overview 
The Group is a global manufacturer and supplier of access solutions, with operations in more than 70 countries 
and sales worldwide. The Group’s offering covers products and services related to openings, such as locks, 
doors, gates and entrance automation solutions. The Group also has expertise in trusted identities, with keys, 
cards, tags, mobile and biometric identity verification systems as parts of its offering. The Group offers its 
products and services for institutional and commercial customers, as well as for the residential market.  The 
Group has a large installed base of locks and access solutions, with a large share of sales in the stable 
aftermarket. Sustainability is a driver throughout the Group’s value chain. It is an important element in 
innovation, sourcing, production, employee development, in applying the Group’s products and solutions, and in 
the Group’s relationships with external stakeholders. 
Since the Group’s formation in 1994, it has continuously expanded through a combination of organic growth and 
acquisitions, which have transformed the company from a traditional regional lock company into a global 
manufacturer and supplier of access solutions. The Group's sales have grown from around SEK 3,600 million in 
the year ended 31 December 1994 to SEK 87,649 million in the year ended 31 December 2020. In 2020, the 
Group had around 48,000 employees, compared with 4,700 employees in 1994. The Group’s strategic 
objectives are growth through customer relevance, product leadership through innovation, cost-efficiency in 
everything it does and evolution through people. 
The Group’s divisions 
The Group has a decentralised organisation and makes decisions close to its customers. The regional divisions 
(Opening Solutions EMEIA, Opening Solutions Americas and Opening Solutions Asia Pacific), manufacture 
and sell mechanical and electromechanical locks, digital door locks, cylinders and security doors adapted to the 
local market’s standards and security requirements. The global divisions (Global Technologies and Entrance 
Systems), manufacture and sell electronic access control, identification products and entrance automation on the 
global market. 
The Group’s brands 
 
The Group's brands play an important role in creating trust, loyalty and differentiation. The Group uses a multi-
brand strategy to leverage on its global and local strengths and to address different market segments, customer 
segments and routes to market. 
Strategic overview 
The Group’s strategic direction is to lead the trend towards the world’s most innovative and well-designed 
access solutions.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Strategic objective #1 – Growth through customer relevance 
At the core of the Group’s strategic objective, growth through customer relevance, is the ability to develop an 
in-depth understanding of the needs of Group's customers and end-users to be able to provide relevant solutions. 
Processes and tools help the Group to develop targeted products and solutions that meet customer demands for 
safety, security, convenience and sustainability.  Having a local presence is crucial to maintaining leadership 
and continuing to grow. 
The majority of the Group’s sales go through distributors. Most markets are fragmented, and as a consequence 
the Group sells its products to several distributors. The Group work proactively with these distributors in 
product marketing and product development. 
The Group’s strategies for achieving growth through customer relevance include: 
 
Dedicated solutions for each segment  
 
Enhancing customer experience 
 
Brand consolidation and consistency 
 
Seamless collaboration support sales  
 
Dedicated pricing activities 
 
E-business  
 
Helping customers meet sustainability targets 
 
Expansion in emerging markets 
Dedicated solutions for each segment 
The Group has segmented its markets into end-user verticals to identify specific needs and create dedicated 
solutions for each segment. In 2020, institutional and commercial markets represented around 75 per cent. of 
the Group’s total sales. This includes premises used for education, healthcare, transportation and public and 
private offices, among others. In 2020, the residential market accounted for the remaining 25 per cent. of the 
Group’s total sales. Two thirds of the Group’s business was generated in the aftermarket with the remaining one 
third from new construction during 2020. The aftermarket is of a recurring nature and includes renovations, 
replacements and upgrades as well as ongoing services. The ambition is to generate more recurring revenues 
through new software-related offerings and enhanced service packages as the demand for electromechanical, 
digital and smart solutions rises. 
Enhance customer experience 
To enhance customer experience, the Group’s offering includes seamless platforms that help customers explore, 
buy, install and service the Group’s products. Tools such as Net Promoter Score (NPS) help the Group improve 
customer relevance by measuring customer experience across different touch points, and it is gradually being 
deployed to more business areas.  
Brand consolidation and consistency 
Consistent brand experiences build trust. The Group uses a combination of master, endorsed and standalone 
brands to reach all its audiences. ASSA ABLOY is the employer and main commercial brand, HID covers 
secure identities and access management, and residential products and services are led by Yale. The Group also 
has a number of well-known brands, strongly or more softly endorsed by one of these master brands. For niche 
audiences, the Group maintain some standalone brands, sold mainly through distributors and installers. Design 
is a tool for the Group to create strong customer experiences.  
Seamless collaboration support sales, dedicated pricing activities, e-business and helping customers meet 
sustainability targets 
Common processes and a structured approach to master data management support the Group’s sales people and 
the Group’s market strategies. The Group’s Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems enables the 
Group to deliver more targeted information to customers. ASSA ABLOY Openings Studio, the Group’s own 
Building Information Modeling (BIM) software, helps architects and other partners in the construction process

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
to seamlessly collaborate with specification and sales teams to find the most suitable building solutions. Pricing 
is a continuous core business activity that follows defined processes. With e-business, the Group is able to serve 
its customers in a better and more efficient way by making it easier to buy from the Group. The Group has 
products, solutions and know-how to help customers meet their environmental targets to construct or upgrade to 
environmentally certified buildings. The Group’s sales teams and specification consultants help customers 
reduce their environmental footprint by applying a growing portfolio of products with green attributes. 
Sustainability considerations are a standard part of the Group’s product development process.  
Expansion in emerging markets 
The Group’s ambition is to continue to expand in emerging markets both through acquisition and organic 
growth. The Group’s emerging market strategy focuses on key markets in Asia, South America and Africa. 
Strategic objective #2 – Product leadership through innovation 
Innovation is at the core of everything the Group does and the Group is accelerating its organic growth through 
a constant flow of new, innovative and sustainable products and solutions that optimise customer value. The 
innovation strategy helps to deliver on the Group’s product leadership through its innovation strategic objective. 
The Group’s innovation strategy is structured around the following three strategic pillars: 
 
Organisation 
 
Process 
 
Product 
Organisation 
The Group has around 100 innovation centres globally that are designed to spearhead the Group’s innovation 
capabilities. The Group strives to leverage its size to exploit synergies and combine technologies from different 
business units. 
Process 
Product management accelerates organic growth by identifying the right things to do in order to optimise 
customer value. Deep customer insights collected enable the Group to leverage platforms and prioritise 
development, resulting in reduced cost, increased speed and flexibility in the market. The innovation process 
excellence addresses project execution and the continuous delivery of hardware and software, and add-on 
development like customisation, quality improvements and value engineering. The Group’s processes and 
methodologies for product safety and security safeguard the competitiveness of its products and solutions. The 
Group’s breakthrough innovation agenda is supported by a process and governance framework that enables it to 
navigate the uncertainty that is associated with breakthrough innovation. By emphasising the value of disruptive 
innovation, pre-product innovation will enable the Group to create new market opportunities.  
Product 
Generation plans are used to ensure that business objectives are connected with innovation and provide 
direction to product and technology roadmaps. Modular platforms are used to reduce complexity, increase 
speed and maximise the impact of the Group’s resources. Sustainability is a Group-wide responsibility and all 
divisions are working actively to develop products and articulate the sustainability value proposition. 
Sustainable innovation includes the Group’s lifecycle assessment-based data to guide customers in their 
decision-making and help them achieve their sustainability objectives. Environmental Product Declarations and 
the ASSA ABLOY Sustainability Compass are central to the Group’s improvement efforts when developing 
products. A part of the Group’s product portfolio comprises digital solutions, software and data. Software 
development is moving into the area of cloud services, which are linked to subscription business models and 
licenses. The ongoing impact of the Covid-19 pandemic has accelerated the market shift towards digital access 
solutions, increasing demand for such things as e.g. digital room keys to access hotel rooms and automatic 
doors that reduce the need to touch surfaces or handles.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Strategic objective #3 – Cost-efficiency in everything the Group does 
By focusing on cost-efficiency in everything the Group does, it will further strengthen the Group’s 
competitiveness and continuously improve its operations. The Group’s new operational excellence structure is 
the building block for capturing cost-efficiencies, sustainability and quality improvements. The Group’s action 
plan includes an emphasis on top suppliers, Value Analysis/Value Engineering and productivity improvements 
through manufacturing footprint programs. 
The strategy includes: 
 
Operational excellence 
 
Efficient manufacturing footprint 
 
Industry 4.0 
 
Professional sourcing 
 
Value Analysis and Value Engineering 
 
Reducing the Group’s environmental footprint 
Operational excellence 
Through the Group’s operational excellence structure and assessment tool, the Group can target costs for direct 
labor, direct material, fixed and variable production costs. The operational excellence structure applies a key 
performance indicator for alignment across the Group on sustainability, quality, delivery and cost performance. 
It also includes defined target stages linked to productivity performance. Lean principles are at the core of the 
Group’s operational excellence work. The lean principles include material flow, quality assurance and control, 
equipment and maintenance strategy - including automation and manpower systems – to optimise workflow. As 
part of the Group’s operational excellence efforts, it continually works to improve its global logistics to capture 
cost savings, increase flexibility, improve delivery performance and lower its environmental footprint.  
Efficient manufacturing footprint 
Since 2006, the Group has been improving cost efficiency by consolidating and reducing the number of 
factories through a series of manufacturing footprint programs (MFP). The Group is also reducing the amount 
of offices, warehouses and other sites, to increase efficiency in its organisational structure and enhance 
performance. The long-term plan across the divisions is designed to address closures and mergers in the long-
term. In the shorter term, the Group launched at the end of 2020 a new restructuring program, MFP8, involving 
the closure of about ten factories and about thirty offices over a two-year period, supplemented by external 
outsourcing of certain aspects of production, as well as continued automation. Through the MFP, Group sites 
have been identified where the Group can concentrate more strategic components and production close to 
customers, primarily in mature markets.  
Industry 4.0 
The Group’s automation council heads up the Group’s efforts to improve manufacturing efficiencies and reduce 
labor costs through the strategic deployment of automation and robotics in factories and assembly plants. 
Professional sourcing  
The Group practices multi-tendering, benchmarking, and group-wide contracts and applies ‘should-cost’ 
analysis and e-auctions to ensure the best total cost, quality and performance of its supplier base. Professional 
sourcing and strategic partnerships help the Group to reduce costs and ensure the Group is more competitive. 
The Group also has a majority of its direct material suppliers located in low-cost countries for further cost 
savings. The Group focuses on the largest suppliers, representing a significant share of total direct material 
spend and identifies partners among these that can contribute to cost efficiency by being both competitive and 
innovative. The Group continuously monitors supplier performance to ensure they meet the Group’s criteria. 
Value Analysis and Value Engineering  
Value Analysis (VA), is a structured process for optimising cost and customer value in existing products, and 
Value Engineering (VE), which is part of the development process, focuses on new and existing products. Both

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
processes take an in-depth look at a product’s design, components and production methods in order to enhance 
customer value with improved quality, as the Group has defined it. At the same time, the processes 
systematically reduce costs. The Group has been running a VA/VE program for many years, but during 2020 a 
more strategic operational approach was adopted to selecting products for further analysis.  
Reducing the Group’s environmental footprint 
Improving operational performance is also about improving resource efficiency by reducing the consumption of 
materials, energy, water, waste, and greenhouse gases in the Group’s production processes. Environmental 
performance is integrated into all operational processes and the Group also conducts sustainability audits among 
its suppliers. The Group has focused on four main areas: reducing factory footprint to reduce carbondioxide 
emissions; investing in renewable energy in plants, such as solar energy; sourcing renewable energy where it is 
available; and practicing "kaizen" methodology in daily operations to reduce energy. Improving health and 
safety performance is a key part of the Group’s operations and sustainability objectives, while striving to 
minimise the risk of injury. In 2020, the Group set new sustainability targets for 2025 under a new five-year 
sustainability programme. The programme focuses on improving employees’ health and safety, reducing 
energy, carbon and water consumption, increasing material efficiency and reducing generated waste. In 
addition, the Group decided to commit to science-based targets. The Group will set targets that are aligned to 
the Paris Agreement, limiting global temperature rises to 1.5oC, by halving emissions by 2030 and reaching net-
zero emissions by 2050. 
Strategic objective #4 – Evolution through people 
In 2020, the Group had about 48,000 employees in more than 70 countries around the world. Creating a culture 
where employees thrive and feel committed is crucial for the Group’s future growth and success. The Group 
believes this is best achieved by empowering employees, helping them to develop skills and know-how, 
encouraging collaboration, knowledge sharing, and internal mobility. 
Growth through Acquisitions 
A large part of the Group's historical growth and present size is explained by acquisitions. Since 1994 and up to 
the date of this Offering Circular, the Group has acquired over 300 companies globally. In many cases, the 
businesses are leading access providers in their respective markets with well-established customer bases and 
brands. The aim of the acquisition strategy is to further increase the Group’s market presence, to complement 
existing operations and to increase its offering of electromechanical, digital and smart solutions. 
The acquisition of HHI division of Spectrum Brands 
On 8 September 2021, the HHI Acquisition was announced for a purchase price of USD 4,300 million on a cash 
and debt free basis. The HHI Acquisition will be funded by existing cash and new debt, including issuance of 
Notes under the Programme, and/or other capital market transactions and/or the committed and uncommitted 
credit facilities that the Group has in place. AA maintains its commitment to a strong investment grade credit 
rating profile. 
Spectrum Brands’ HHI division is a leading provider of security, plumbing, and builders’ hardware products to 
the North American residential segment with a diversified product offering of locksets, faucets, and builders’ 
hardware. HHI has a varied portfolio of innovative products, including patented SmartKey technology and 
electronic, smart and biometric locks. Key brands include Kwikset, Baldwin, Weiser, Pfister and National 
Hardware. HHI has strong, established relationships with a variety of customers including large home 
improvement centres, wholesale distributors, homebuilders, online retail channels, and home automation 
providers. 
HHI is headquartered in Lake Forest, California with around 7,500 employees worldwide and has 
manufacturing facilities in the United States, Mexico, Taiwan, China, and the Philippines.  
Background and reason for the HHI Acquisition 
HHI is a company with a proven track record. HHI complements the Group in terms of both product offering 
and geographic scope, with well-known brands, a strong culture and values, high quality products and skilled 
employees managed by a professional team. HHI constitutes a strategically important step in developing the 
Group’s residential business in North America, supplementing the Group’s strong reputation for innovation on

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
the commercial side. HHI brings a deep knowledge of the residential business and adds complementary 
products, technology and solutions. 
HHI adds established consumer brands in North America, including Kwikset, Baldwin, Weiser, Pfister and 
National Hardware, to the Group’s brand portfolio. The Group will bring technological innovation to consumers 
using HHI’s access to new retail channels, such as homebuilders and DIY retail. HHI’s large installed base and 
great consumer reputation provides an excellent opportunity to grow the Group’s electromechanical and digital 
access solutions. In addition, the Group believes there are international growth opportunities. 
HHI has a long track record of innovation, especially within SmartKey technology, which will complement the 
Group’s offering. The Group expects strong synergies, the largest components being the Group’s increased 
product offering, advances in technology, distribution, and procurement. The EBIT (earnings before interest and 
taxes) synergies are expected to reach around USD 100 million in 2025.  
HHI focuses on the residential space in North America, which is highly attractive and underpinned by 
favourable macro trends such as recent strong home sales, housing starts, an aging housing stock, and increased 
consumer focus on home repair and remodelling. HHI will become part of the Opening Solutions Americas 
division. 
Financial terms and effects on the Group 
The total consideration for the HHI Acquisition amounts to USD 4,300 million on a cash and debt free basis. 
For the fiscal year ending September 2020, HHI’s net sales were USD 1,342 million with adjusted EBITDA 
(earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation) margin of around 19 per cent. Based on publicly 
available financial information for 2020 for both HHI and the Group, the acquisition of HHI corresponds to 
around 14 per cent. to the Group’s consolidated sales.  
The operating margin effect for the Group is initially expected to be dilutive by around 60 basis points, subject 
to final purchase price allocation. The acquisition will be accretive to earnings per share from the start. Benefits 
from a step-up in the tax basis is expected to be realised for the Group and estimated annual tax savings of USD 
50-60 million is expected over a 15 year period. 
Total purchase price of USD 4,300 million reflects a multiple of 14x expected fiscal year 2021 (ending 30 
September) adjusted EBITDA of the HHI segment. The purchase price (net of the present value of tax benefits) 
represents a multiple of approximately 10x expected fiscal year 2021 (ending 30 September) adjusted EBITDA, 
including synergies of the HHI segment.  
Conditions for the transaction 
The transaction is conditional upon regulatory approval and customary closing conditions and is expected to 
close during the fourth quarter of 2021. The Group has agreed to pay a termination fee of USD 350 million in 
certain circumstances if the transaction agreement is terminated and required regulatory approvals have not 
been obtained. 
Other acquisitions and divestments during 2021, 2020 and 2019   
In March 2019, AA announced that it has, as a 39 per cent. shareholder in the Swiss company agta record ag 
(agta record), signed an agreement with the shareholders of Agta Finance to indirectly acquire their 54 per 
cent. shareholding in agta record (the Acquisition). agta record is a well-established manufacturer and service 
organisation dedicated to automatic pedestrian entrance systems. agta record is headquartered in Fehraltorf, 
Switzerland, and listed on Euronext Paris, foreign stocks. For 2018, agta record´s sales amounted to EUR 374.4 
million. The purchase price for the Acquisition amounted to approximately EUR 502 million equivalent to a 
purchase price per agta record share of EUR 70. On 28 February 2020, it was announced that a phase 1 
conditional clearance was given by the EU Commission to the Acquisition. During the approval process in 
Europe, the Group made commitments to address the competition concerns of the EU Commission, including 
entering into binding agreements for the sale of certain agta record and the Group’s businesses to third parties. 
The commitments included the divestiture of the agta record operations in the Netherlands, Austria, Hungary 
and Slovenia as well as the Group’s automatic pedestrian door business in France and the UK. In addition, agta 
record´s high-speed door business in France was also to be divested. On 29 June 2020, it was announced that 
the Group has entered into binding agreements with the Italy based FAAC Group for the sale of certain agta 
record and the Group’s businesses, as part of the commitments to address the competition concerns of the EU

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Commission in connection with the acquisition of agta record (the Divestiture). The divested business included 
the agta record operations in The Netherlands, Austria, Hungary and Slovenia, as well as the Group’s automatic 
pedestrian door business in France and the UK. In addition, agta record´s high-speed door business located in 
France was also included. The divested business had a turnover in 2019 of approximately EUR 93 million, 
representing about 20 per cent. of total initial added revenue. The selling price for the Divestiture was EUR 100 
million on a cash and debt free basis. In August 2020, the Divestiture was completed. The Acquisition was 
conditional on regulatory approval, which was obtained after the Divestiture, and the Acquisition was 
completed in August 2020.  
After the completion of the Acquisition, the Group owned approximately 93 per cent. of the share capital and 
voting rights of agta record and shortly thereafter launched a public tender offer for the remaining outstanding 
shares at the same purchase price per agta record share as for the Acquisition (i.e., EUR 70 per agta record 
share), subject to the fairness opinion of the independent appraiser to be appointed by agta record and the 
clearance decision of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers). The public 
tender offer for the remaining shares was completed with closing on 30 September 2020. After the closing of 
the public tender offer, the Group implemented, in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Merger Act, a 
procedure equivalent in its results to a squeeze-out via a merger governed by Swiss law, on the remaining 
outstanding shares of agta record. At the end of 2020, the Group owned 99.7 per cent. of the votes and capital in 
agta record. 
In November 2019, the Group’s Entrance Systems division signed an agreement to acquire AM Group, an 
Australian industrial door company specialising in entrance automation. The head office is located in Sydney, 
Australia. AM Group had annual sales of Australian Dollar 109 million in its 2018 financial year. The 
acquisition was completed on 28 February 2020. 
In November 2020, the Group sold its Swiss sensor technology business CEDES to capiton AG. CEDES is a 
leading sensor technology company in the elevator and door industry. Sales in 2019 totaled about EUR 51 
million. 
In January 2021, it was announced that the Group has sold its Italian residential door business in Gardesa to 
Italy-based Bertolotto. The company’s sales in 2020 totaled about EUR 10 million. 
In July 2021, it was announced that the Group has signed an agreement to sell its Nordic locksmith business 
CERTEGO to Nalka Invest, which invests in small and medium-sized businesses primarily in the Nordic 
region. This transaction reinforces the strategic focus on the core security solutions business of the Opening 
Solutions EMEIA division. The annualised impact from the divestment on the Group’s external sales is around 
SEK 1,500 million. The divestment was completed in September 2021. 
In September 2021, the Group’s EMEIA division signed an agreement to acquire Arran Isle, a designer, 
manufacturer and distributor of door and window hardware in the UK and Ireland. Sales in 2020 totalled about 
GBP 100 million. The acquisition is subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions and is 
expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
A total of 9 acquisitions were consolidated as at 30 September 2021. A total of 12 acquisitions were consolidated 
during 2020. 
Competition 
The Group operates in a fragmented market. There are some global competitors, but most competitors are 
smaller regional and local businesses. 
Intellectual Property 
The Group owns or otherwise has rights to a large portfolio of intellectual property rights, including around 
9,000 patents throughout the world. Patents play a vital role for the Group not only to protect its own 
technologies and keyways, but also end users' assets and distributors' businesses. In addition to the Group's 
vast number of patents around cylinder technologies, the Group's latest patents cover a wide range of 
development for mechanical and electromechanical security, safety and convenience. As part of its 
digitalisation efforts, the Group has increased its focus on software (such as virtual keys) as part of the 
Group’s solutions and consequently the portfolio of patents and copyrights now also increasingly covers areas 
related to software, firmware and their applications. In respect of trademarks, the Group owns a variety of

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
well-known brands and has around 10,000 trademark registrations, examples of which are referred to under 
"Strategic objective #1 – Growth through customer relevance" above. 
Long-Term Incentive Programmes 
AA's Annual General Meeting 2021 resolved to implement a Long-Term Incentive Programme for senior 
executives and other key personnel in the Group (LTI 2021). LTI 2021 entails that the participants will invest 
in Series B shares in AA at market price. Such personal investment will thereafter be matched free of charge 
by AA through granting of so called performance awards. Similar Long-Term Incentive Programmes for 
senior executives and other key personnel in the Group have been implemented each year since 2010. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
AA's share capital at 30 September 2021 amounted to SEK 370,858,778 divided into two classes of which 
57,525,969 shares were Series A and 1,055,050,365 were Series B. All of AA's shares have a par value of 
approximately SEK 0.33 and provide each holder with an equal right to share in AA's assets and earnings. Each 
Series A share carries ten votes and each Series B share carries one vote. As at 30 September 2021, AA's 
authorised share capital was SEK 800,000,000.  The market capitalisation at year-end (2020) was SEK 225,297 
million. 
As at 31 December 2020, AA had 43,734 shareholders. AA's principal shareholders as at 30 September 2021 
are Investment AB Latour (9.5 per cent. of the capital and 29.4 per cent. of the votes) and Melker Schörling AB 
(3.1 per cent. of the capital and 10.9 per cent. of the votes). The ten largest shareholders as at 30 September 
2021 account for 35.3 per cent. of the share capital and 55.9 per cent. of the votes. As at 30 September 2021, 
AA holds a total of 1,800,000 Series B shares after repurchases to secure its undertakings in connection with the 
Long-Term Incentive Programmes.  
A shareholders' agreement that includes pre-emption rights in the event of sale of Series A shares by any party 
exists between the Douglas and the Schörling families and companies closely related to them. Apart from this, 
AA is not aware of any shareholders' agreements or other arrangements between shareholders of AA. 
Organisational Structure 
The Group consists of over 400 legal entities located in over 70 countries. AA is the holding company of all the 
companies in the Group, directly or indirectly, and its assets are substantially comprised of shares in those 
companies. AA does not conduct business itself and is accordingly dependent on the Group companies and 
the revenues received by them. 
The Group's operations are decentralised, a deliberate strategic choice based on the local nature of the industry 
and a conviction of the benefits of a divisional control model. Another contributing factor is that the Group has 
been built up over a relatively short period through a large number of acquisitions. 
The Group consists of the following five divisions (three regional and two global), which are further described 
below. The three regional divisions are: 
 
Opening Solutions EMEIA 
 
Opening Solutions Americas 
 
Opening Solutions Asia Pacific 
And the two global divisions are: 
 
Global Technologies 
 
Entrance Systems 
The Executive Team of the Group consists of the Chief Executive Officer, the heads of the Group's divisions, 
the heads of the division Global Technologies’ business units HID Global and Global Solutions, the heads of the 
division Asia Pacific’ business units Opening Solutions Greater China & South East Asia and Opening Solutions 
Pacific & North East Asia, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Human Resources Officer. In principle, the five 
divisions should be responsible, as far as possible, for business operations, while various functions at Group 
Centre are responsible for coordination, monitoring, policies and guidelines at an overall level. The Group's 
structure results in a geographical and strategic spread of responsibility ensuring short decision-making paths.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
In accordance with the Swedish Companies Act, the AA Board of Directors is responsible for the organisation 
and administration of the Group and for ensuring satisfactory control of bookkeeping, asset management and 
other financial circumstances. The Board of Directors decides on the Group's overall objectives, strategies, 
significant policies, acquisitions and divestments, as well as investments of major importance. Significant 
policies and guidelines in the Group include financial control, communication issues, insider issues, 
sustainability issues, business ethics, information security, data protection and export control. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for effective internal control and has therefore established fundamental 
documents of significance for financial reporting. These documents include the Board of Directors’ rules of 
procedure and instructions to the Chief Executive Officer, the Code of Conduct, financial policy and an annual 
financial evaluation plan. Regular meetings are held with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The 
Group has an internal audit function whose primary objective is to ensure reliable financial reporting and good 
internal control. All units in the Group apply uniform accounting and reporting instructions. Internal control 
guidelines have been established and are reviewed annually for all operating companies. These Group-wide 
guidelines have a relatively broad scope and concern business-critical processes.  
Opening Solutions EMEIA in brief 
The EMEIA division manufactures and sells mechanical and electromechanical locks, hardware and security 
doors adapted to standards and requirements of local markets in Europe, the Middle East, India and Africa. The 
products for the commercial market are sold under the master brand ASSA ABLOY or brands endorsed by 
ASSA ABLOY, while Yale is the master brand for the residential market and its endorsed brands. In 2020, the 
commercial segment accounted for around 60 per cent. of sales and the residential segment for around 40 
per cent. Products are sold primarily through a number of distribution channels but also directly to end-
users. The largest market region is Scandinavia, followed by the UK and DACH (Germany, Austria and 
Switzerland). 
Openings Solutions Americas in brief 
The Americas division manufactures and sells mechanical and electromechanical locks, hardware, secure 
lockers, access control devices and security doors adapted to the standards and requirements of local markets in 
the US, Canada, Mexico, Central America and South America. ASSA ABLOY and Yale are the master brands, 
with a strong portfolio of endorsed brands. In 2020, institutional and commercial customers were the largest 
end-customer segments and accounted for 75 per cent. of sales, while the residential segment accounted for 25 
per cent. of sales. Sales in South America and Mexico are primarily focused on the residential segment, 
although several verticals in the commercial area have grown significantly in recent years. 
Openings Solutions Asia Pacific in brief  
From January 2021, the division consists of two business units: Opening Solutions Greater China & South East 
Asia and Opening Solutions Pacific & North East Asia. The local organisation in China is divided by market 
segment and the other regions in Asia and Pacific are organised according to region or country structure. The 
business areas and market regions are responsible for manufacturing and selling mechanical and electrometrical 
locks, hardware and security doors adapted to the standards and requirements of local markets. The Pacific 
region is a mature market with established standards and regulations, while most Asian countries are emerging 
markets. ASSA ABLOY is the master brand for products in commercial markets and Yale is the master brand 
for the residential market and its endorsed brands. In 2020, the commercial and institutional segments and the 
residential segment each accounted for about half of the total sales. In 2020, the largest market by sales was 
China, followed by Australia and South Korea. 
Global Technologies in brief 
The Global Technologies division consists of two business units, HID Global and Global Solutions. HID Global 
is a leader in trusted identity solutions. HID Global’s trusted identity solutions give people access to physical 
and digital places and connect things that can be accurately identified, verified and tracked digitally. The 
products and solutions are sold under the master HID brand or by brands endorsed by HID. Institutional and 
commercial customers are the main end-customer segments. The largest business area is Physical Access 
Control Solutions. Global Solutions is a leader in the development within secure access solutions for the 
verticals Hospitality, Marine, Senior Care, Education, Critical Infrastructure, Construction and Key and Asset 
Management. Global Solutions’ products include electronic locks, safes, credentials and software service. Its

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
innovative solutions are sold under the ASSA ABLOY master brand and the Traka and Abloy brands. The 
largest vertical is Hospitality, offering advanced electronic locking solutions in combination with a range of 
tailored services for guest convenience. 
Entrance Systems in brief 
Entrance Systems is a global organisation with four business segments: Pedestrian, Industrial, Residential and 
Perimeter Security. Entrance Systems manufactures and sells entrance automation products, services and 
perimeter security. The product range includes automatic, industrial and commercial, high performance, 
residential garage and hangar doors. It also includes loading dock equipment, perimeter security, maintenance 
and service. The route to the market is both direct and indirect, with the master brand ASSA ABLOY and the 
brand record in the direct channel, and a number of brands in the indirect channel. In 2020, the commercial and 
institutional segments accounted for around 80 per cent. of sales and the residential segment for about 20 per 
cent. The largest business segment is Industrial followed by Pedestrian. 
Board of Directors and Management 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors consists of eight members, two employee representatives and two deputy employee 
representatives. Set out below are brief details of the members of AA's Board of Directors: 
Lars Renström (Chairman) 
Mr Renström was appointed to the Board of Directors in 2008. He was the President and CEO of Alfa Laval 
AB 2004-2016. He was President and CEO of Seco Tools AB 2000-2004. He was President and Head of 
Division of Atlas Copco Rock Drilling Tools 1997-2000. Prior to that, he held a number of senior positions at 
ABB and Ericsson. Other appointments: Chairman of Tetra Laval Group. Mr Renström holds a Master of 
Science in Engineering and a Master of Science in Business and Economics. 
Carl Douglas (Vice Chairman) 
Mr Douglas was appointed to the Board of Directors in 2004. He is self-employed. Other appointments: Board 
member of Investment AB Latour. Mr Douglas holds a Bachelor of Arts and D. Litt (h.c.) (Doctor of 
Letters). 
Johan Hjertonsson 
Mr Hjertonsson was appointed to the Board of Directors in 2021. He has been President and CEO of Investment 
AB Latour since 2019. Prior to that he has been President and CEO of AB Fagerhult, President and CEO of 
Lammhults Design Group AB and has held various management positions within the Electrolux Group. Other 
appointments: Chairman of Nederman Holding AB, Swegon Group AB, Hultafors Group AB, Nord-Lock 
International AB, Caljan AS, Alimak Group AB and Latour Industries AB and board member of Investment AB 
Latour and Sweco AB. Mr Hjertonsson holds a Master of Science in Business and Economics.  
Sofia Schörling Högberg 
Mrs Schörling Högberg was appointed to the Board of Directors in 2017. Other appointments: Board member 
of Melker Schörling AB, Securitas AB and Hexagon AB. Mrs Schörling Högberg holds a BSc (Bachelor of 
Science) in Business Administration. 
Eva Karlsson 
Mrs Karlsson was appointed to the Board of Directors in 2015. She has been CEO and Vice President 
Product Supply of Arcam EBM since 2020. She was President and CEO of Armatec AB 2014-2019, CEO of 
SKF Sverige AB and Global Manufacturing Manager 2011-2013 and Director of Industrial Marketing & 
Product Development Industrial Market of AB SKF 2005-2010. Prior to that she held various positions 
within the SKF Group primarily within Manufacturing Management. Other appointments: Board member of 
Valcon A/S and Ratos AB. Mrs Karlsson holds a Master of Science in Engineering. 
Lena Olving 
Mrs Olving was appointed to the Board of Directors in 2018. She was the President and CEO of Mycronic AB 
(publ) 2013-2019. She was COO and Deputy CEO of Saab AB 2008-2013. She held various positions

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
within Volvo Car Corporation 1980-1991 and 1995-2008 of which she spent seven years in the Executive 
Management Team. She was CEO of Samhall Högland AB 1991-1994. Other appointments: Chairman of the 
Royal Swedish Opera, ScandiNova Systems AB and Academic Work. Board member of Investment AB 
Latour, Munters Group AB, NXP, SemiConductor N.V. and Stena Metall AB. Fellow of the Royal Swedish 
Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA) and board member of IVA’s Business Executives Council (IVA:s 
Näringslivsråd). Mrs Olving holds a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering. 
Joakim Weidemanis 
Mr Weidemanis was appointed to the Board of Directors in 2020. He has been Executive Vice President and 
Corporate Officer of Danaher Corporation since 2017, and prior to that held various management positions 
within Danaher 2011-2017. He was Head of Product Inspection and Corporate Officer of Mettler Toledo 2005-
2011. He held various operating and corporate development roles within ABB 1995-2005. Mr Weidemanis 
holds a Master of Science in Business and Economics.  
Susanne Pahlén Åklundh 
Mrs Pahlén Åklundh was appointed to the Board of Directors in 2021. She has been President of the Energy 
Division of the Alfa Laval Group since 2017. Prior to that, she held various management positions within the 
Alfa Laval Group since 2009. She holds a Master of Science in Engineering. 
Employee representatives (appointed by employee organisations) 
Rune Hjälm 
Mr Hjälm was appointed to the Board of Directors as board member in 2017.  He is an employee representative. 
Mats Persson 
Mr Persson was appointed to the Board of Directors as board member in 1994.  He is an employee 
representative. 
Deputy members – employee representatives 
Bjarne Johansson 
Mr Johansson was appointed to the Board of Directors as deputy member in 2015. He is an employee 
representative. 
Nadja Wikström 
Mrs Wikström was appointed by to the Board of Directors as deputy member in 2017. She is an employee 
representative. 
Management 
Set out below are brief details of the members of AA's Executive Team: 
Nico Delvaux 
President and CEO since 2018, Head of Global Technologies division since 2018 and Head of Asia Pacific 
division since 2021. Mr Delvaux holds a Master of Engineering in Electromechanics and an executive MBA. 
Previous positions: President and CEO of Metso Corporation August 2017-February 2018 and various 
positions in the Atlas Copco Group, including Business Area President Compressor Technique 2014-2017, 
Business Area President Construction Technique 2011-2014 and various positions in sales, marketing, 
service, acquisition-integration management and general manager in markets including Benelux, Italy, 
China, Canada, and the United States 1991-2011. 
Erik Pieder 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) since 2019. Mr Pieder holds a MBA and a Master 
of Laws. Previous positions: Various positions in the Atlas Copco Group 1996-2019, including Vice President 
Business Control Compressor Technique. 
Lucas Boselli 
Executive Vice President and Head of Americas division since 2018. Mr Boselli holds a Bachelor of Science in 
Industrial Engineering. Previous positions: Various positions in the ASSA ABLOY Group, including President

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
of ASSA ABLOY Central and South America 2014 – 2018 and President of Yale Latin America 2012 – 2014. 
Previously, Mr Boselli held various positions in Ingersoll Rand 2000 – 2010. 
Simon Ellis 
Executive Vice President and Head of Asia Pacific business unit ASSA ABLOY Opening Solutions Pacific and 
North East Asia since 2021. Mr Ellis holds a MBA. Previous positions: Various positions in the ASSA ABLOY 
Group, including President of Opening Solutions Pacific Region and Japan 2016–2020 and President of 
Opening Solutions New Zealand 2013-2016, General Manager Security Merchants Australia 2010–2013. 
Previously, Mr Ellis held various positions in the ASSA ABLOY Group 1997–2010. 
Maria Romberg Ewerth  
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since 2019. Mrs Romberg Ewerth holds a 
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources and a MBA. Previous positions: Senior Vice President Human 
Resources ASSA ABLOY AB 2013-2019, Vice President Human Resources ASSA ABLOY Entrance Systems 
2011-2013 and HR-manager and HR-director ASSA ABLOY Entrance Systems 2008-2011. Previously, Mrs 
Romberg Ewerth held HR-positions in various companies: JELD-WEN Sverige AB, VALEO Engine Cooling 
AB and Swedish Meats 2003-2008. Maria Romberg Ewerth, has decided to leave the Group for a new position 
outside the Group. 
Massimo Grassi 
Executive Vice President and Head of Entrance Systems division since 13 September 2021. Mr Grassi holds a 
Master of Engineering. Previous positions: Divisional Managing Director, IMI Precision Engineering 2015-
2020. Various positions within Stanley Black & Decker Group, including President Stanley Security Europe 
2012-2015, Global President Industrial Automotive Repair 2010-2012 and President in Europe 2007-2010. 
Previously various positions in Pentair and BWT. 
Björn Lidefelt 
Executive Vice President and Head of Global Technologies business unit HID Global since 2020. Mr Lidefelt 
holds a Master of Science in Industrial Engineering and Management. Previous positions: Various positions in 
the ASSA ABLOY Group, including Chief Commercial Officer 2017-2020, and General Manager ASSA 
ABLOY China (security products) 2013-2016.  
Stephanie Ordan 
Executive Vice President and Head of Global Technologies business unit Global Solutions since 13 September 
2021. Mrs Ordan holds a Master of Business Administration and Engineering Diploma. Previous positions: 
Vice President Digital and Access Solutions, ASSA ABLOY EMEIA 2018-2021, Head of Energy Storage 
Business and Head of Marketing and Communication, Eaton 2014-2018. Strategic Marketing/New Products 
Development Director, General Electric 2013-2014. Previously, Application Engineer, Field Sales Engineer, 
Head of Strategy and Product Management, STMicroelectronics 1999-2013. 
Martin Poxton 
Executive Vice President and Head of Asia Pacific business unit ASSA ABLOY Opening Solutions Greater China 
and South East Asia since 2021. Mr Poxton holds a HND in Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering. 
Previous positions: Vice President Operations ASSA ABLOY Opening Solutions Asia Pacific 2017-2020, 
Operations Director Adient China, 2013–2017, Business Unit General Manager and Launch Director Johnsons 
Controls China 2008-2012. Various positions in Faurecia China 2004-2008. Previously, Mr Poxton held various 
positions in Keiper, Johnsons Controls and Flowform B’ham UK, 1992-2004. 
Neil Vann 
Executive Vice President and Head of EMEIA division since 2018. Mr Vann holds a degree in Manufacturing 
Engineering. Previous positions: Various positions in the ASSA ABLOY Group, including Market Region 
Manager ASSA ABLOY UK 2014-2018, Market Region Manager Italy and Greece 2012-2014 and Vice 
President Operations EMEA 2011-2012. Previously, Mr Vann held various positions within ASSA ABLOY, 
Yale and Chubb 1987-2001.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
The business address of each of the board members and the executive officers is P.O. Box 70340, 
(Klarabergsviadukten 90), 107 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
AA is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to AA of the members of the Board of 
Directors and the Management and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
ASSA ABLOY FINANCIAL SERVICES AB (publ) 
General 
AAFS is, indirectly, a wholly owned subsidiary of AA and was incorporated on 8 September 1986. AAFS is 
registered as a public limited liability, company under the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) for an indefinite 
period of time and its Corporate Organisation number is 556283-0264. AAFS's registered office is located at 
P.O. Box 70340 (Klarabergsviadukten 90), SE-107 23 Stockholm, Sweden. Its telephone number is +46 (0)8 
506 485 00 and website is https://www.assaabloy.com/group/en. As at 30 September 2021, the issued share 
capital of AAFS amounted to SEK 1,000,000 divided into ten shares, and the authorised share capital amounted 
to SEK 4,000,000. 
Business 
AAFS acts as an internal bank for the Group. It supports the Group with services related to treasury, cash 
management and derivatives. AAFS conducts external financial transactions and internal financial transactions 
within the Group, handles transactions involving foreign currencies and interest rates and acts as master 
account holder in the Group's cash pooling arrangements. 
In addition to being an issuer under the Global Medium Term Note Programme, AAFS is among other things, 
a party to the Group's syndicated loan facility agreement, a party to committed facilities related to the HHI 
Acquisition, a party to term loan agreements with the European Investment Bank, a party to a term loan 
agreement with the Nordic Investment Bank, and is the issuer under a 
"Global Commercial Paper 
Programme", a Swedish "Commercial Paper Programme" as well as under a "Master Note and Guarantee 
Agreement" in connection with private placements in the U.S. All debt obligations of AAFS under the above 
mentioned facilities have the benefit of a guarantee from AA. AAFS is also a party to a number of ISDA 
Master Agreements. All the financing raised by AAFS is used for general corporate purposes of the Group. 
Organisation 
AAFS is a wholly owned subsidiary of ASSA ABLOY OY (Finland), Filial (a branch of ASSA ABLOY OY 
registered in Sweden), and is, indirectly, a wholly owned subsidiary of AA. AAFS is part of the Group's 
treasury organisation and, in its role as internal bank of the Group, it is dependent on the performance of the 
other Group companies to which it provides finance. 
Board of Directors and Management 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors consists of three members. Set out below are brief details of the members of AAFS 
Board of Directors: 
Erik Pieder (Chairman) 
Mr Erik Pieder was appointed to the Board of Directors in 2019. He is the Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer of the Group as well as member of the Executive Team. 
Jonas Gårdmark 
Mr Gårdmark was appointed to the Board of Directors in 2008. He is the Corporate Treasurer of the Group. 
Johan Ahlgren 
Mr Ahlgren was appointed to the Board of Directors in 2016. He is the General Counsel of the Group. 
Management 
Lena Bernhardsson 
Managing Director of AAFS and Head of Treasury Operations. She was appointed Managing Director of AAFS 
in 2017. 
The business address of the above mentioned persons is P.O. Box 70340 (Klarabergsviadukten 90), 107 23 
Stockholm, Sweden. 
AAFS is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to AAFS of the members of the 
Board of Directors and the Management and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the Clearing Systems) currently in 
effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that 
each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believe to be reliable, but none of the Issuers, the Guarantor, nor any 
Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the 
Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, nor any other party to the Agency Agreement 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account 
of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised each of the Issuers and the Guarantor that it is a limited purpose trust company organised 
under the New York Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking 
Law, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing 
agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants 
(Direct Participants) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of 
securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised 
book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of 
securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, 
clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number of its Direct Participants and 
by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc. and the National Association of 
Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and 
dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct 
Participant, either directly or indirectly (Indirect Participants and, together with Direct Participants, 
Participants). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the Rules), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect 
to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system (DTC Notes) as described below and receives and 
transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC 
Notes (Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry 
transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although 
Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered 
Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct 
Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants' records. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are 
expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of 
their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the 
transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the 
books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for 
the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the name 
of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the 
name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts 
such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain 
responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed 
by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time 
to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC 
mails an Omnibus Proxy to the relevant Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy 
assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes 
are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct 
Participants' accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC's 
records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. Payments by 
Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the 
case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and will be 
the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the relevant Issuer, subject to any statutory or 
regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the 
responsibility of the relevant Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility 
of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and 
Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their 
proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will be legended as 
set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as 
described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic 
bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The relevant Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered 
Global Note accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, 
DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the 
individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note 
accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records 
maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct 
Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will 
be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any payment in 
a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its 
nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of 
such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note in the 
currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into 
U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The relevant Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that 
it will not receive payment on such payment date. The relevant Issuer also expects that payments by 
Participants to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as 
is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant 
and not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Issuer. Payment of 
principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the relevant Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take 
physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in 
turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed 
transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC 
system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one 
hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, 
will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian (Custodian) with whom the relevant Registered 
Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC will 
generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements for 
delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC participants 
will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests 
in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for 
delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC 
participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free 
delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue 
to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes 
represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial interests.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the tax 
laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of Notes, including, 
but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and their disposal or redemption. 
Swedish Taxation  
The following summary outlines certain Swedish income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes and is based on the Swedish tax laws in force as of the date of this Offering Circular.  The 
summary does not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be applicable to a potential 
investor in the Notes and the summary is neither intended to be, nor should be construed as, legal or tax advice.  
A potential investor in the Notes should therefore consult with its own tax advisor as to the Swedish or foreign 
tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the Notes.  Certain categories of investors 
may also be exempt from income tax and/or subject to other specific tax regimes.  
(i)  
Non- resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a Non-resident Holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a 
resident of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her 
investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden.  
Under Swedish tax law, payments of principal or interest to a Non-resident Holder of Notes will not be 
subject to Swedish income tax unless such Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or business 
through a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the payment of principal or interest is 
attributable.  
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Non-resident 
Holder of Notes.  
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a Non-resident Holder will not be subject to 
Swedish income tax unless the Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or business in Sweden 
through a permanent establishment to which the capital gain is attributable.  
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains 
taxation in Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the 
classification of the particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been 
resident in Sweden or have lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of 
disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. This 
liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties between Sweden and other countries.  
(ii)  
Resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a Resident Holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes, or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden.  
In general, payment of any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a 
Resident Holder of Notes will be subject to Swedish income tax.  A Resident Holder of Notes will also 
be subject to Swedish income tax on any capital gain on the sale of Notes.  Redemption of Notes is 
treated as a sale of Notes.  Amortisation of principal is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax.  
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Resident 
Holder of Notes.  However, preliminary income tax is withheld on payments of interest to individuals 
and estates of deceased individuals. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.  
AA and AAFS may be foreign financial institutions for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including 
Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States 
to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally 
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in 
the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described 
under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisers 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are exempt.   
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such amended and restated programme 
agreement as further modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme 
Agreement) dated 2 November 2021, agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any 
of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated 
under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers 
(failing which, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes)) have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer an 
interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be 
required to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global 
Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have 
acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A 
or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of 
one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (b) it is 
an Institutional Accredited Investor which has delivered an IAI Investment Letter or (c) it is outside the 
United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(ii) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. state securities laws and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set 
forth below; 
(iii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside the 
United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the 
Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is two years after the 
later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the relevant Issuer or an affiliate of 
the relevant Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (a) to the relevant Issuer or any affiliate thereof, 
(b) inside the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its 
own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (c) 
outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (d) 
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) 
or (e) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in 
accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws; 
(iv) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above, if then applicable; 
(v) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in the form of Definitive 
IAI Registered Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will 
be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(vi) 
that the Notes in registered form, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the 
following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the relevant Issuer:

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY 
ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT IS A "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE 
OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS OR (2) IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL 
"ACCREDITED INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) (AN "INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR"); (B) AGREES THAT IT 
WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS 
TWO YEARS AFTER THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE 
LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER 
OF SUCH SECURITIES OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) 
INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES 
IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
A 
QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER 
IN 
A 
TRANSACTION 
MEETING 
THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE 
WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO THE 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM 
THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS 
LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE 
EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THE SECURITY. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE 
HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL 
FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON)."; 
(vii) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the later of 
the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of the 
Notes), it will do so only (a)(i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the 
Securities Act or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable 
U.S. state securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to 
the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the relevant Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 
DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE 
TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART."; and 
(viii) 
that the relevant Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, 
representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the relevant 
Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that 
it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Institutional Accredited Investors who purchase Registered Notes in definitive form offered and sold in the 
United States in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by the Securities Act are required to 
execute and deliver to the Registrar an IAI Investment Letter. Upon execution and delivery of an IAI 
Investment Letter by an Institutional Accredited Investor, Notes will be issued in definitive registered form, see 
"Form of the Notes". 
The IAI Investment Letter will state, among other things, the following: 
(i) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor has received a copy of the Offering Circular and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision; 
(ii) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor understands that the Notes are being offered and sold in a 
transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, 
and that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable U.S. state securities laws and that any subsequent transfer of the Notes is subject to certain 
restrictions and conditions set forth in the Offering Circular and the Notes (including those set out 
above) and that it agrees to be bound by, and not to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes except 
in compliance with, such restrictions and conditions and the Securities Act; 
(iii) 
that, in the normal course of its business, the Institutional Accredited Investor invests in or purchases 
securities similar to the Notes; 
(iv) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is an "Accredited Investor" within the meaning of Rule 
501(a)(l), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its 
investment in the Notes, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the 
economic risk of its or any such accounts' investment for an indefinite period of time; 
(v) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is acquiring the Notes purchased by it for its own account or 
for one or more accounts (each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor) as to each of which it 
exercises sole investment discretion and not with a view to any distribution of the Notes, subject, 
nevertheless, to the understanding that the disposition of its property shall at all times be and remain 
within its control; and 
(vi) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Notes, it will acquire Notes having 
a minimum purchase price of at least U.S.$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another Specified 
Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$100,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, 
U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in 
connection with such a sale in a smaller nominal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on 
behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, U.S.$500,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) nominal amount of Registered Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (Regulation S Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the 
Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes is 
hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate nominal amount of Notes which may be 
purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other 
currency). Each of the Issuers and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor agree that, for so long as any 
of the Notes are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, to the 
extent that the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor are not subject to or do not comply with the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 
12g3-2(b) thereunder, the relevant Issuer and (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor will furnish to 
holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such information as 
may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be subject to 
such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance 
and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of any Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of any Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular 
as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer;

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes); and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in relation to those Notes has been approved by 
the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State of the EEA and 
such competent authority has certified to the competent authority in Sweden that the prospectus has been 
approved with respect to the Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a 
prospectus is available under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as 
a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Republic of Italy 
 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Offering Circular or 
of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Offering Circular or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that the Notes have not been offered or sold and 
will not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this 
Offering Circular or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for 
subscription or purchase of any Notes be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the Securities and Futures Act or SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
Securities and Futures Act, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) under Section 
275(1) of the Securities and Futures Act, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the Securities and 
Futures Act, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with, the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
Securities and Futures Act. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act by a relevant 
person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which 
is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the Securities and 
Futures Act) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall 
not be transferable for six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
under Section 275 of the Securities and Futures Act except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the Securities and 
Futures Act or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or 
Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the Securities and Futures Act; or 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the Securities and Futures Act; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Any reference to the Securities and Futures Act or the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act, 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a 
reference to that term as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation 
as may be applicable at the relevant time. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, or 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses or distributes this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required 
by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuers, the Guarantor nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The current update of the Programme, the issue of Notes thereunder and the giving of the Guarantee in respect 
of Guaranteed Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of AA dated 5 October 
2021 and 16 July 2020 and the Board of Directors of AAFS dated 5 October 2021.  
Admission to trading and listing of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch is acting in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in 
relation to the Notes. BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group 
providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its 
operational processes to other BNP Paribas group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuers 
(https://www.assaabloy.com/group/en/investors/debt/debt-capital-market-programs): 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll and the forms of the 
Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(iv) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and 
Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the relevant Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Offering 
Circular and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Offering Circular, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and each document incorporated by reference are 
available at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes in bearer form have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
which are the entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In addition, the relevant Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered 
form to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each 
Tranche of Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and common code, will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through 
an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and the 
address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of America.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes (other than Exempt Notes), an indication of the yield in respect 
of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of AA or the Group since 30 
September 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of AA since 31 December 2020 
except in each case as disclosed in the risk factor titled “Covid-19” on pages 16 and 17 of this Offering Circular 
and in the Interim Report of AA in respect of the nine months ended 30 September 2021 with respect to the 
impact of Covid-19.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of AAFS since 31 December 
2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of AAFS since 31 December 2020 except 
in each case as disclosed in the risk factor titled “Covid-19” on pages 16 and 17 of this Offering Circular and in 
the Interim Report of AA in respect of the nine months ended 30 September 2021 with respect to the impact of 
Covid-19.  
Litigation 
There have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which either AA or AAFS is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this 
document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of AA, AAFS or the Group.  
Auditors  
The consolidated financial statements of AA for the two financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 2020 
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union and audited in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden with unqualified 
opinions reported thereon by PricewaterhouseCoopers AB and Ernst & Young AB, respectively. At the Annual 
General Meeting of AA held on 28 April 2021, Ernst & Young AB was reappointed as the Group’s auditor for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021. The unaudited consolidated financial statements of AA for the nine 
months ended 30 September 2021 contained within the Interim Report of AA dated 27 October 2021 have been 
prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act. Each 
of PricewaterhouseCoopers AB and Ernst & Young AB is associated with FAR in Sweden, the institute for the 
accounting profession in Sweden. 
The annual financial statements of AAFS for the two financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 2020 
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Sweden and audited in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA) and generally accepted auditing standards in 
Sweden with unqualified opinions reported thereon by PricewaterhouseCoopers AB and Ernst & Young AB, 
respectively. At the Annual General Meeting of AAFS held on 1 June 2021, Ernst & Young AB was 
reappointed as the auditor of AAFS for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. Each of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB and Ernst & Young AB is associated with FAR in Sweden, the institute for the 
accounting profession in Sweden. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuers, the Guarantor

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor and their respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or the Guarantor or 
their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuers or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers and/or the Guarantor consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.  For the purpose of this section the term 
“affiliates” also includes parent companies.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
APPENDIX I – ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2019 OF ASSA 
ABLOY FINANCIAL SERVICES AB (publ)

--- Page 133 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Financial Statement 
for 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
2019-01-01 -- 2019-12-31 
This document has been accw-ately translated from Swedish to English. 
Stockholm 
2.. > A(' r--.'1. 1 'L<:> 'Lo 
~L~--
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB/ Bo Karlsson

--- Page 134 ---
Administration report 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director for ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB submit 
the following administration report for the fiscal year 2019. 
Operation 
The company carries out internal banking operations within the ASSA ABLOY group. 
Ownership 
The company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ASSA ABLOY OY, Joensuu, Finland, which, in its 
turn, is wholly owned by ASSA ABLOY AB, org. no. 556059-3575, Stockholm, Sweden. 
Important events during the fiscal year 
The year has not brought about any significant changes in the business. 
The company's future development and upcoming events 
No major changes in the business are expected during the upcoming year. The result and 
balance sheet are primarily influenced by the financing needs by Group companies. The 
financing needs are partly driven by the general development of the Group but also affected by 
the Group's acquisition activities. 
We have specifically looked at the effects the COVID-19 outbreak could have on the future 
development and risks of the company. Currently we cannot assess the impact. 
Risk management 
Uncertainty about future developments and the course of events is a natural risk for any 
business. Risk-taking in itself provides opportunities for continued economic growth, but 
naturally the risks may also have a negative impact on business operations and company goals. 
It is therefore essential to have a systematic and efficient risk assessment process and an 
effective risk management program in general. The purpose of risk management is not to avoid 
risks, but to take a controlled approach to identifying, managing and reducing the effects of 
these risks. 
Financial risks 
Group Treasury at ASSA ABLOY is responsible for the Group's short- and long-term financing, 
financial cash management, currency risk and other financial risk management. Financial 
operations are centralized in a Treasury function, which manages most financial transactions as 
well as financial risks with a group-wide focus. 
A financial policy, which is approved by the Board, regulates the allocation of responsibilities 
and control of the Group's financing activities. Group Treasury has the main responsibility for 
financial risks within the framework established in the financial policy. A large number of 
financial instruments are used in this work. Accounting principles, risk management and risk 
exposure are described in more detail in Notes 1 and 9, as well as Note 12. The company's 
financial risks mainly comprise financing risk, currency risk, interest rate risk and credit risk in 
financial transactions.

--- Page 135 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Financing risk: 
Financing risk refers to the risk that financing the company's capital requirements and 
refinancing outstanding loans become more difficult or more expensive. It can be reduced by 
maintaining an even maturity profile for borrowing and a high credit rating. The risk is further 
reduced by substantial unutilized confirmed credit facilities. 
Currency risk: 
Since ASSA ABLOY has companies in a large number of countries, internal lending creates 
exposure to different currencies which leads to the effects from exchange rate fluctuations. 
These fluctuations may affect the company's earnings. The company may also be affected 
when it manages the currency exposure arising when handling the Group's cash flows, created 
when products are exported and sold in countries outside the country of production, so called 
transaction exposure. The company carries out continous follow-up and hedging of exchange 
positions and normally has at best limited net positions in foreign currency. Further information 
regarding financial risk management and financial instruments is found in Note 12. 
Interest rate risk: 
With respect to interest rate risks, interest rate changes have a direct impact on ASSA ABLOY 
Financial Services AB's interest income and expense. The net interest expense is also impacted 
by the size of the company's net debt, its currency composition and interest duration. Group 
Treasury analyzes the Group's interest rate exposure and calculates the impact on income of 
interest rate changes on a rolling 12-month basis. In addition to raising variable-rate and fixed-
rate loans, various interest rate derivatives are used to adjust interest rate sensitivity. 
Credit risk: 
Credit risk arises as a result of the financial transactions carried out by Group Treasury. 
Financial risk management exposes ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB to certain counterparty 
risks. Such exposure may arise, for example, as a result of the investment of surplus cash, 
borrowings and derivative financial instruments. Counterparty limits are set and continuously 
monitored. 
2

--- Page 136 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Result and financial position 
The profit development was slightly negative. The result was positively affected by a somewhat 
increased lending, but negatively impacted by falling interest rates. The low interest rates have 
generally lead to a continued pressure on the interest net. 
External financing: The company's long-term loan financing mainly consists of issuance under a 
Private Placement Program in the USA totaling USD 295 M (295), GMTN program of EUR 35 M 
(35) and USD 25 M (25), two loans from the European Investment Bank of EUR 37 M (55) and 
USD 120 M (137) repectively, and a loan from the Nordic Investment Bank of EUR 55 M (55). 
The company's short-term loan financing mainly consists of two Commercial Paper Programs 
for a maximum USD 1 000 M (1 000) and SEK 5 000 M (5 000) respectively. At year-end, SEK 
0 M (2 751) of the Commercial Paper Programs had been utilized. In addition, substantial credit 
facilities are available, mainly in the form of a Multi-Currency Revolving Credit Facility that was 
renewed during the year and now amounts to EUR 1 200 M (900), which was wholly unutilized 
at year-end. The maturity of this facility is in April 2024. The company also agreed a new loan 
commitment with the European Investment Bank amounting to EUR 230 M. This facility was 
unutilized at year-end. 
Additional financing is primarily internal within the ASSA ABLOY Group. Average interest fixing 
period on financial assets was 8,4 months (2,2) and 40,4 months (20,2) for financial liabilities 
at closing day. 
Cash and cash equivalents amounted to SEK 32 M (85) and are invested in banks with high 
credit ratings. 
Some of the company's main financing agreements contain a customary Change of Control 
clause. This clause means that lenders have the right in certain circumstances to demand the 
renegotiation of conditions or to terminate the agreements should control of the company 
change. 
Equity: The company's equity totaled SEK 3 949 M (3 462) at year-end. The return on equity 
was 12 percent (2). The equity/asset ratio, excluding group contribution, was 10 percent (10). 
.2.0.ll 
.2.0.lJl 
2017 
2016 
Z11ll 
Operating profit (MSEK) 
501 
556 
480 
402 
262 
Total assets (MSEK) 
41 639 
41 421 
38 399 
38 459 
35 713 
Return on shareholders' equity (%) 
12 
2 
1 
1 
2 
Equity (MSEK) 
3 949 
3 462 
3 408 
3 363 
3 324 
Net debt (MSEK) 
- 4 338 - 4 188 - 3 956 - 3 128 - 4 097 
External gross debt (MSEK) 
6 514 
10 076 
9 822 
9 755 
9 654 
Profit proposal 
Balanced earnings 
3 460 979 885 
Year-end result 
487 199 333 
Total 
SEK 
3 948 179 218 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director propose available earnings to be allocated as 
follows: 
Carried forward to new financial year 
Total 
3 
SEK 
3 948 179 218 
3 948 179 218

--- Page 137 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
The financial statement means that a group contribution of kSEK 5 313 was received from 
ASSA ABLOY IP AB. 
The opinion of the Board of directors regarding the proposed transfer of profit 
The proposed value transfer in the form of group contribution has only a limited effect on the 
company's solidity. The solidity is comforting given the company's business continue to be run 
profitably. 
It is the opinion of the Board that the dividend paid, in the form of group contribution, will 
neither prevent the company from meeting its commitments in the short and long term, nor 
from making the required investments. The transfer of value is therefore justifible in view of 
the provisions of chapter 17 section 3 paragraph 2-3 of the Swedish Companies Act. 
The company applies the fair value principle in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act 
chapter 4 section 14 for the valuation of financial instruments, which has affected equity with 
230 MSEK (135). 
The Board of Directors propose available earnings to be carried forward to the new financial 
year. 
Concerning the company's result and position in general, the following income statement and 
balance sheet including notes and comments, are referred to. 
4

--- Page 138 ---
Income Statement 
kSEK 
Operating income 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Note 
2019 
2018 
1 
Interest from group companies 
1 323 081 
1 181 069 
External interest 
26 721 
23 787 
Exchange rate differences 
939 437 
1 768 764 
Other operating income 
3 
8 946 
7 364 
Total operating income 
2 298 185 
2 980 984 
Operating expenses 
Interest to group companies 
- 382 557 
- 253 242 
External interest 
- 467 614 
- 429 541 
Exchange rate differences 
- 914 238 
-1 707 486 
Administrative expenses 
4 
- 20 962 
- 22 088 
Other operating expenses 
- 11 673 
- 12 622 
Total operating expenses 
-1 797 044 
-2 424 979 
Operating profit 
501141 
556 005 
Appropriations 
5 
5 313 
- 489 097 
Tax 
6 
- 19 255 
- 14 718 
Net result for the year 
487 199 
52191 
5

--- Page 139 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Balance Sheet 
ASSETS 
kSEK 
Note 
2019-12-31 
2018-12-31 
1 
Financial fixed assets 
Receivables from group companies 
4 168 687 
4 308 172 
Total financial fixed assets 
4 168 687 
4 308 172 
Total fixed assets 
4 168 687 
4 308 172 
Current assets 
Receivables from group companies 
37 175 720 
36 863 366 
Current tax assets 
3 206 
4 123 
Other receivables 
7 
57 
25 
Deferred expenses and 
accrued income 
8 
258 946 
160 297 
Cash and bank 
32 076 
85 482 
Total current assets 
37 470 004 
37 113 294 
Total assets 
41638 691 
41421466 
6

--- Page 140 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
kSEK 
Not 
2019-12-31 
2018-12-31 
1 
Equity 
Restricted equity 
Share capital 
1 000 
1 000 
Statutory reserve 
200 
200 
Total restricted equity 
1200 
1200 
Unrestricted equity 
Balanced earnings 
3 460 980 
3 408 789 
Net profit for the year 
487 199 
52 191 
Total unrestricted equity 
3 948 179 
3 460 980 
Total equity 
3 949 379 
3 462 180 
Long-term liabilities 
Liabilities to external institutions 
4 164 948 
5 329 346 
Liabilities to group companies 
16 568 520 
13 411 768 
Total Long-term liabilities 
9 
20 733 468 
18 741114 
Current liabilities 
Liabilities to external institutions 
2 349 276 
4 746 940 
Accounts payable 
3 705 
482 
Liabilities to group companies 
13 951 775 
14 071 045 
Accrued expenses and 
deferred income 
10 
651 088 
399 704 
Total current liabilities 
16 955 844 
19 218 171 
Total equity and liabilities 
41 638 691 
41421466 
7

--- Page 141 ---
Changes in shareholders' equity 
kSEK 
Equity 2017-12-31 
Hedge reserve 
Group contribution 
Distribution of profit 
Tax effect of group contribution 
Year-end result 
Equity 2018-12-31 
Hedge reserve 
Group contribution 
Distribution of profit 
Tax effect of group contribution 
Year-end result 
Equity 2019-12-31 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Restricted equity 
Unrestricted equity 
~ 
St1tutgc31: 
Hedge 
othet un-
Tot1I 
~ 
rHet~e 
reHrve ce~rjge~ egyit~ 
.eaY.itx 
1 000 
200 
- 1821 
3 408 789 
3 408 168 
1 821 
1 821 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
52 191 
52 191 
1 000 
200 
0 
3 460 980 
3 462 180 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
D 
0 
487 199 
487 199 
1 000 
200 
0 
3 948 179 
3 949 379 
The share capital consists of 10 shares with a par value of 100 000 SEK. 
8

--- Page 142 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services cash flow statement 
kSEK 
Operating activities 
Operating profit 
Paid tax 
Cash flow from operating activities 
before changes in working capital 
Increase (-) decrease ( +) current receivables 
Increase ( +) decrease (-) current operating liabilities 
Cash flow from operating activities 
Investing activities 
Sales other financial fixed assets 
Cash flow from investing activities 
Financing activities 
Internal loans raised 
External loans repaid 
Group contribution 
Cash flow from financing activities 
Cash flow for the year 
Liquid funds at beginning of year 
Liquid funds at end of year 
Disclosure to the cash flow statement: 
Interest received 
Interest paid 
9 
501 141 
556 005 
- 18 342 
- 14 722 
482 799 
541 283 
- 405 717 
-3 558 565 
-1 773 230 
357 140 
-1696148 
-2 660 141 
139 485 
613 572 
139 485 
613 572 
3 156 752 
3 264 630 
-1 164 399 
- 706 566 
- 489 097 
- 432 450 
1 503 256 
2 125 614 
- 53 406 
79 045 
85 482 
6436 
32 076 
85 482 
1 349 802 
1 204 856 
-850171 
- 682 783

--- Page 143 ---
NOTES 
Note 1 
Disclosure and valuation principles 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
The financial statement for ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB is prepared applying the statements of the Annual 
Accounts Act and the Swedish Accounting Standards Council's recommendation BFNAR 2012:1 Financial statement and 
consolidated accounts (K3). The company's accounting principles are unchanged from previous years. 
Foreign currencies 
Receivables and liabilities in foreign currencies are valued at closing rate. The forward rate has been used for hedging 
of accounts receivable and accounts payable while hedging of borrowing and lending to subsidiaries is made at spot 
rate. Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at the rate current on the transaction date. 
Income 
Interest income is accounted for in accordance with effective yield . 
Tax 
Reported tax includes tax that is to be paid or received for the current year, adjustments relating to tax due for 
previous years, and changes in deferred tax. 
Tax amounts have been calculated as nominal amounts in accordance with the tax regulations and in accordance with 
tax rates that have either been decided or have been notified and can confidently be expected to be confirmed. 
For items reported in the income statement, associated tax effects are also reported in the income statement. The tax 
effect of items reported directly against shareholders' equity are themselves reported against shareholders' equity. 
Deferred tax is accounted for under the balance sheet method. This means that deferred tax is accounted for on all 
temporary differences between the book values of assets and liabilities and their taxable values. 
Deferred tax receivables relating to tax losses carryforward or other future tax allowances are reported to the extent 
that it is probable that the allowance can be set against taxable income In future taxation. 
Receivables 
Receivables are valued at the amounts that after individual assessment are expected to be received . 
Cash flow statement 
The cash flow statement has been prepared according to the indirect method. The reported cash flow includes only 
transactions involving cash payments. 
Segment 
The companiy carries out internal banking operations within the ASSA ABLOY group. 
Financial assets 
Financial assets include cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, short-term investments and derivatives, and are 
classified in the following categories: financial assets at fair value through profit and loss, available-for-sale financial 
assets, and loans and receivables. Management determines the classification of financial assets at initial recognition. 
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 
This category is divided into two sub-categories: financial assets held for trading, and those classified on acquisition as 
financial assets at fair value through profit and loss. A financial asset is classified in this category if acquired principally 
for the purpose of selling in the short term or if classified as such by management. Derivatives are also classified as 
held for trading provided they are not defined as hedges. Assets in this category are classified as current assets. 
Available-for-sale financial assets 
Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivative assets that have been identified as available for sale or assets that 
have not been classified in any other category. They are included in noncurrent assets, unless management intends to 
sell the asset within 12 months of the end of the reporting period . Changes in fair value are recognized in the income 
statement as a financial item. 
10

--- Page 144 ---
Loan receivables and trade receivables 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Trade receivables and short-term investments are non derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payment 
streams, which are not quoted in an active market. They are recognized in current assets, except for receivables 
maturing more than 12 months after the reporting date, which are classified as non-current assets. 
Financial liabilities 
Financial liabilities include deferred considerations, loan liabilities, trade payables and derivative instruments. 
Recognition depends on how the liability is classified. 
Financial liabilities at fair value through the income statement 
This category includes derivatives with negative fair value that are not used for hedging and financial liabilities held for 
trading. Liabilities are measured at fair value on a continuous basis and changes in value are recognized in the income 
statement as a financial item. 
Loan liabilities 
Loan liabilities are initially valued at fair value, net of transaction costs, and subsequently at amortized cost. Amortized 
cost is determined based on the effective interest rate calculated when the loan was raised. Accordingly, premiums and 
discounts as well a direct issue expenses are allocated over the term of the loan. Non-current loan liabilities have an 
anticipated term of more than one year, while current loan liabilities have a term of less than one year. 
Trade payables 
Trade payables are initially valued at fair value, and subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest 
method. 
Recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities 
Acquisitions and sales of financial assets are recognized on the trade date, the date on which the company commits to 
purchase or sell the asset. Transaction costs are initially included in fair value for all financial instruments, except for 
those recognized at fair value through profit and loss where the transaction cost is recognized through profit and loss. 
The fair value of quoted investments is based on current bid prices. In the absence of an active market for an 
investment, the company applies various measurement techniques to determine fair value. These Include use of 
available information on current arm's length transactions, comparison with equivalent assets and analysis of 
discounted cash flows. The company assesses at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that a 
financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. A financial asset is derecognized from the balance sheet when 
the right to receive cash flows from the asset expires or is transferred to another party through the transfer of all the 
risks and benefits associated with the asset to the other party. A financial liability is derecognized from the balance 
sheet when the obligation is fulfilled, cancelled or expires, see above. 
Derivative instruments and hedging 
Derivative instruments are recognized in the balance sheet at the transaction date and are measured at fair value, both 
initially and in subsequent revaluations. The method for recognizing profit or loss depends on whether the derivative 
instrument is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the hedged item. For derivatives not 
designated as hedging instruments, changes in value are recognized on a continuous basis through profit or loss under 
financial items, either as income or expense. 
Derivatives are designated as: 
i) Fair value hedge: a hedge of the fair value of an identified liability; 
ii) Cash flow hedge: a hedge of a certain risk associated with a forecast cash flow for a certain transaction 
When entering into the hedge transaction, the relationship between the hedging instrument and hedged items are 
documented, as well as its risk management strategy for the hedge. The company also documents its assessment, 
both on inception and on a regular basis, of whether the derivative instruments used in hedge transactions are 
effective in offsetting changes In fair value attributable to the hedged items. The fair value of forward exchange 
contracts is calculated at net present value based on prevailing forward rates on the reporting date, while interest rate 
swaps are measured by estimating future discounted cash flows. For information on the fair value of derivative 
instruments, see Note 12. 
11

--- Page 145 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Fair value hedges: For derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, changes in value of both the 
hedged item and the hedging instrument are recognized on a continuous basis in the income statement (under 
financial items). Fair value hedges are used to hedge interest rate risk in borrowing linked to fixed interest terms. If 
the hedge would no longer qualify for hedge accounting, the fair value adjustment of the carrying amount is dissolved 
through profit or loss over the remaining term using the effective interest method. 
Cash flow hedges: For derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, changes in value of the 
hedging instrument are recognized on a continuous basis in the Hedge reserve for the part relating to the effective 
portion of the hedges. Gain or loss arising from ineffective portions of derivatives is recognized directly in the income 
statement under financial items. When a hedging instrument expires, is sold or no longer qualifies for hedge 
accounting, and accumulated gains or losses relating to the hedge are recognized in equity, these gains/losses remain 
in equity and are taken to income, while the forecast transaction is finally recognized in the income statement. When a 
forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss recognized in the Hedge reserve is recognized 
directly under financial items. 
The company applies the fair value principle in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act chapter 4 section 14 for the 
valuation of financial instruments. 
Financial instruments 
Financial instruments recorded in the balance sheet include financial assets, other financial assets, accounts receivable, 
accounts payable and loan debts. The fair value of the financial instruments are calculated using market quotations on 
the balance sheet day. Market interest rates form the basis for the calculation of market values of long term loans. For 
other financial instruments, primarily short term loans and deposits where market quotations are not available, the fair 
value is set at book value. 
All transactions with financial assets are recorded on the business day. 
Loans are initially recorded at the amount received after deduction of transactional costs. If the booked amount is 
different from the amount that has to be repaid at maturity the difference is amortized as interest cost over the 
duration of the loan. By doing so the booked amount is equal to the amount that has to repaid at maturity. The 
booking of financial liabilities is discontinued only after the debts have been repaid in full or forgiven by the lender. 
The company uses derivative instruments to cover risks related to foreign exchange movements and to hedge its 
interest rate exposure. 
Pension liabilities 
The company's pension obligations are accounted for in accordance with FAR SRS RedR4. The pension obligations are 
covered by external insurance companies. 
Definition of key data terms 
Return on shareholders' equity as shown in the multi-year summary is calculated as: net profit after tax, divided by 
shareholders' equity at year-end. 
The net debt comprise all internal and external interest-bearing financial instruments, excluding positive and negative 
market values of derivatives. 
External gross debt consists of all interest-bearing external loans excluding negative market values of derivatives. 
12

--- Page 146 ---
Note 2 
Accounting estimates 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
No material accounting estimations or assumptions which could have had an significant effect on the carrying amounts 
have been made. 
Note 3 
Other operating Income 
kSEK 
Change market value interest rate swaps 
Exchange rate differences trade receivables/payables 
Total 
Note 4 
Administrative expenses 
Audit fees 
kSEK 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Audit assignment 
Audit other than the audit assignment 
Tax consultancy 
Other services 
Total 
2019 
8 864 
82 
8 946 
2019 
418 
0 
0 
0 
418 
2018 
7 364 
7 364 
2018 
406 
0 
0 
0 
406 
The fees for audit and audit related services performed by PricewaterhouseCoopers AB amount to 418 kSEK (406 
kSEK). The company has not had any other costs related to services performed by PricewaterhouseCoopers AB. No 
services has been purchased from other auditing firms. 
Employees, salaries, wages and other remuneration 
There has been no remuneration to the board of directors. 
kSEK 
2019 
Salaries and other 
Social costs (of 
benefits 
which pension 
costs) 
Managing Director 
1 139 
664 (249) 
Employees 
5 710 
3 632 (1 448) 
Total 
6 849 
4 296 (1 697) 
Average number of employees 
Average number of employees per country and gender 
2019 
Country 
Women 
Men 
Sweden 
4 
4 
Gender distribution in the Board of Directors 
2019 
Country 
Women 
Men 
Sweden 
0 
3 
2018 
Salaries and other Social costs (of 
benefits 
which pension 
costs) 
1118 
620 (216) 
5 722 
3 745 (1 525) 
6 840 
4 365 (1 741) 
2018 
Women 
Men 
3 
5 
2018 
Women 
Men 
0 
3 
13

--- Page 147 ---
Note 5 
Appropriations 
kSEK 
Group contributions received 
Group contributions paid 
Total 
Note 6 
Tax 
kSEK 
Current tax 
Total 
Nominal tax rate (%) 
Effective tax rate (%) 
Operating profit 
Tax at nominal tax rate 
Tax attributable to prior year 
Effect of non-deductible expense 
Effect of non-taxable income 
Tax effect of group contribution paid 
Tax effect from Group neutralization of 
net interest income and expenses 
Tax on operating profit 
as in income statement 
Note 7 
Other receivables 
kSEK 
Short term deposit 
VAT recoverable 
Other receivables 
Total 
Note 8 Deferred expenses and accrued income 
kSEK 
Accrued interest income group companies 
Market value interest rate derivatives 
Market value currency forwards 
Miscellaneous 
Total 
Note 9 Long-term liabilities 
kSEK 
Liabilities to credit institutions 
Liabilities to group companies 
Total 
2019 
5 313 
0 
5 313 
2019 
- 19 255 
- 19 255 
21,4 
3,8 
501 141 
- 107 244 
4 
-
2 
0 
-1137 
89 124 
- 19 255 
2019-12-31 
57 
57 
2019-12-31 
27 652 
109 214 
121117 
963 
258 946 
2019-12-31 
4 164 948 
16 568 520 
20 733 468 
14 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
2018 
- 489 097 
-489 097 
2018 
- 14 718 
- 14 718 
22,0 
2,6 
556 005 
- 122 321 
4 
- 2 
0 
107 601 
- 14 718 
2018-12-31 
1 
23 
1 
25 
2018-12-31 
24 725 
85 554 
49 345 
673 
160 297 
2018-12-31 
5 329 346 
13 411 768 
18 741114

--- Page 148 ---
Maturity profile long term liabilities 
kSEK 
Year 
US Private Placement !•J 
2020 
Global MTN Program !•l 
2020 
Loan EIB 1' 1 
2020 
Other long-term loan C•l 
2020 
Loan NIB 
2021 
Loan EIB (b) 
2021 
Other long-term loan 
2021 
US Private Placement 
2022 
Loan EIB (b) 
2022 
Other long-tenm loan 
2022 
Global MTN Program 
2023 
Other long-term loan 
2023 
Loan EIB (b) 
2023 
US Private Placement 
2024 
Other long-term loan 
2024 
Other long-term loan 
2025 
Other long-term loan 
2026 
Other long-term loan 
2027 
Other long-term loan 
2029 
Other long-term loan 
2030 
Other long-term loan 
2034 
Total 
(a) The loans are classified as current liabilities. 
2019-12-31 
574 054 
191 351 
1 685 798 
1 414 896 
1 519 052 
244 012 
2 745 791 
959 706 
699 304 
2 553 004 
2 150 471 
688 174 
1 358 264 
1 870 020 
1 035 836 
1 043 734 
20 733 467 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
2018-12-31 
627 012 
371 721 
1 677 600 
566 175 
377 450 
1 656 583 
1 371 013 
1 078 799 
1 490 774 
227 200 
2 166 041 
673 785 
1 472 155 
2 073 923 
1 329 799 
559 465 
1 021 619 
18 741114 
(b) The loans amortizes starting November 2017. The dates in the table refers to the average amortization dates. 
Note 10 Accrued expenses and deferred income 
kSEK 
Accrued interest expenses group companies 
Accrued interest expenses credit institutions 
Market value currency forwards 
Market value interest derivatives and FRA 
Miscellaneous 
Total 
Note 11 Parent company 
2019-12-31 
93 201 
24 068 
518 071 
9 491 
6 257 
651 088 
2018-12-31 
81 448 
26 288 
251 971 
23 913 
16 083 
399 704 
Parent company for ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB is ASSA ABLOY Oy, Finland. Parent company in the largest 
group of which ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB is a subsidiary, and where consolidated annual accounts are 
established, is ASSA ABLOY AB, 556059-3575, from where the Group's Annual Report can be obtained . 
Note 12 Financial risk management and financial instruments 
Currency risks 
Currency risks affect ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB mainly through translation of capital employed and net debt. 
To neutralize the translation and transaction exposure arising between net debt and internal needs currency forward 
contracts are used. 
15

--- Page 149 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556263-0264 
Interest rate risks 
Average interest fixing period on financial assets was 8,4 months and 40,4 months for financial liabilities at closing day. 
The company's interest rate duration and distribution of fixed rates In relation to floating is dependent on the Group's 
overall interest rate policy and funding. At year end, 26% of the assets had fixed rates and 55% of the liabilities. 
Interest rate swaps are used to adjust the interest rate duration and interest rate risk to the Group's desired level. 
Liquidity risks 
Financing and liquidity risks are defined as the risks of being unable to meet payment obligations as a result of 
inadequate liquidity or difficulties In obtaining credit from external sources. ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB strives 
to have access, on every occasion, to both short-term and long-term loan facilities. 
Credit risks 
Financial risk management exposes ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB to certain counterparty risk. This exposure 
arises, for instance, from the placement of surplus cash and through the use of derivative instruments. ASSA ABLOY's 
policy is to minimize the potential credit risk by using cash available from subsidiaries to amortize external debt. This 
objective is mainly controlled through the cash pool network for which ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB is 
responsible. Nevertheless the Group may deposit surplus funds on a short-term basis with banks to match maturities. 
Derivative instruments are allocated to banks according to risk factors set in the Treasury Policy to limit counterparty 
risk. 
Outstanding derivative instruments at 2019-12-31 (kSEK) 
Instrument 
Currency forwards - funding 
Interest rate derivatives 
Cross currency swaps 
Total 
Positive market 
value 
121117 
109 214 
0 
230 331 
2019-12-31 
Negative 
market 
value 
-518 071 
-9 491 
0 
- 527 562 
Disclosures of off setting of financial assets and liabilities 
Amounts 
Gross 
netted 
in the 
amount 
balance 
sheet 
2019-12-31 
Financial assets 
202 181 
Financial liabilities 
- 146 565 
2018-12-31 
Financial assets 
116 828 
Financial liabilities 
- 119 321 
Netted financial assets and financial liabilities only consist of derivative instruments. 
16 
2018-12-31 
Nominal value 
Positive market 
Negative 
value market value 
23 291 427 
49 345 
-251 971 
3 531 720 
85 554 
-23 913 
0 
0 
0 
26 823 147 
134 900 
- 275 884 
Net 
Amount 
covered 
amounts 
by netting 
Net 
in the 
balance 
agreement 
amount 
sheet 
but not 
offset 
202 181 
45 614 
156 567 
-146 565 
-45 614 
-100 951 
116 828 
53 134 
63 694 
-119 321 
-53 134 
-66 187 
Nominal value 
24 182 473 
2 748 645 
0 
26 931118

--- Page 150 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Financial instruments: carrying amounts and fair values by measurement category 
2019-12-31 
2018-12-31 
Financial assets 
Derivative instruments - hedge accounting 
Derivative instruments - held for trading 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Financial liabilities 
Long-term loans - hedge accounting 
Long-term loans - not hedge accounting 
Long-term loans, total 
Short-term loans - hedge accounting 
Short-term loans - not hedge accounting 
Derivative instruments - hedge accounting 
Derivative instruments - held for lrading 
* Applicable categories: 
1 = Loans and receivables. 
2 = Financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss. 
3 = Financial liabilities at amortized 
cosL 
4 = Derivative hedge accounting. 
Cate 
Carrying 
ories* 
amount 
4 
109 214 
2 
121 117 
32 076 
3 
3 953 959 
3 
16 779 508 
20 733 467 
3 
689 518 
3 
15 611 533 
4 
9 491 
2 
518 071 
Carrying 
Fair value 
amount 
109 214 
85 554 
121 117 
49 345 
32 076 
85 482 
3 953 959 
3 095 450 
16 780 623 
.15 645 664 
20 734 582 
18 741114 
689 518 
0 
15 611 533 
18 818 468 
9 491 
23 913 
518 071 
251 971 
The fair value of long-term borrowing is based on observable data by discounting cash flows to market rate, while the 
fair value of current receivables and current liabilities is considered to correspond to the carrying amount. 
Note 13 Contingent liabilities and pledged assets 
The company has no pledged assets or contingent liabilities. 
Note 14 Important events after the fiscal year 
No major changes in the business are expected during the upcoming year. The result and balance sheet are primarily 
influenced by the financing needs by Group companies. The financing needs are partly driven by the general 
development of the Group but also affected by the Group's acquisition activities. 
We have specifically looked at the effects the COVID-19 outbreak could have on the future development and risks of 
the company. Currently we cannot assess the impact. 
Note 15 Profit proposal 
Profit proposal 
Balanced earnings 
Year-end result 
Total 
SEK 
3 460 979 885 
487 199 333 
3 948 179 218 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director propose available earnings to be allocated as follows: 
Carried forward to new financial year 
Total 
SEK 
17 
3 948 179 218 
3 948 179 218 
Fair value 
85 554 
49 345 
85 482 
3 095 450 
15 591440 
18 686 890 
0 
18 818 468 
23 913 
251 971

--- Page 151 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
The Income statement and Balance sheet shall be presented at the Shareholders' meeting. 
Stockholm 2020-VLt~ 
Chairman 
Lo~ 
Managing Director 
Our audit report has been submitted 2020-~
- 'L -t, 
PrlcewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Authorized Public Accountant 
18

--- Page 152 ---
pwc 
Auditor's report 
Unofficial translation 
To the general meeting of the shareholders of ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB, corporate identity 
number 556283-0264 
Report on the annual accounts 
Opinions 
We have audited the annual accounts of ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB for the year 2019. 
In our opinion, the annual accounts have been prepared in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act •and present 
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB as of 31 December 
2019 and its financial performance and cash flow for the year then ended in accordance with the Annual Accounts 
Act. The statutory administration report is consistent with the other parts of the annual accounts. 
We therefore recommend that the general meeting of shareholders adopts the income statement and balance 
sheet for ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB. 
Basis for Opinions 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA) and generally accepted 
auditing standards in Sweden. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's 
Responsibilities section. We are independent of ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB in accordance with 
professional ethics for accountants in Sweden and have otherwise fulfilled our ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with these requirements. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinions. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Director's and the Managing Director 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of the annual accounts and 
that they give a fair presentation in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act. The Board of Directors and the 
Managing Director are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the 
preparation of annual accounts that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the annual accounts, The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the 
assessment of the company's ability to continue as a going concern. They disclose, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting. The going concern basis of accounting is however 
not applied if the Board of Directors and the Managing Director intend to liquidate the company, to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Auditor's responsibility 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the annual accounts as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinions. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with ISAs and generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these annual 
accounts. 
1 av3

--- Page 153 ---
pwc 
A further description of our responsibility for the audit of the annual accounts is available on 
Revisorsinspektionen's website: www.revisorsinspektionen.se/revisornsansvar. This description is part of the 
auditor's report. 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
Opinions 
In addition to our audit of the annual accounts, we have also audited the administration of the Board of Director's 
and the Managing Director of ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB for the year 2019 and the proposed 
appropriations of the company's profit or loss. 
We recommend to the general meeting of shareholders that the profit be appropriated in accordance with the 
proposal in the statutory administration report and that the members of the Board of Director's and the Managing 
Director be discharged from liability for the financial year. 
Basis for Opinions 
We conducted the audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden. Our responsibilities 
under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities section. We are independent of ASSA 
ABLOY Financial Services AB in accordance with professional ethics for accountants in Sweden and have 
otherwise fulfilled our ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinions. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Director's and the Managing Director 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the proposal for appropriations of the company's profit or loss. At the 
proposal of a dividend, this includes an assessment of whether the dividend is justifiable considering the 
requirements which the company's type of operations, size and risks place on the size of the company's equity, 
consolidation requirements, liquidity and position in general. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the company's organization and the administration of the company's 
affairs. This includes among other things continuous assessment of the company's financial situation and 
ensuring that the company's organization is designed so that the accounting, management of assets and the 
company's financial affairs otherwise are controlled in a reassuring manner. The Managing Director shall manage 
the ongoing administration according to the Board of Directors' guidelines and instructions and among other 
matters take measures that are necessary to fulfill the company's accounting in accordance with law and handle 
the management of assets in a reassuring manner. 
Auditor's responsibility 
Our objective concerning the audit of the administration, and thereby our opinion about discharge from liability, 
is to obtain audit evidence to assess with a reasonable degree of assurance whether any member of the Board of 
Directors or the Managing Director in any material respect: 
has undertaken any action or been guilty of any omission which can give rise to liability to the company, or 
in any other way has acted in contravention of the Companies Act, the Annual Accounts Act or the Articles of 
Association. 
Our objective concerning the audit of the proposed appropriations of the company's profit or loss, and thereby our 
opinion about this, is to assess with reasonable degree of assurance whether the proposal is in accordance with the 
Companies Act. 
2av3

--- Page 154 ---
pwc 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden will always detect actions or omissions that can give rise to 
liability to the company, or that the proposed appropriations of the company's profit or loss are not in accordance 
with the Companies Act. 
A further description of our responsibility for the audit of the administration is available on 
Revisorsinspektionen's website: www.revisorsinspektionen.se/revisornsansvar. This description is part of the 
auditor's report. 
Stockholm 1-5 April 2020 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
~~~ 
Bo Karlsson 
Authorized Public Accountant

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
APPENDIX II – ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF 31 DECEMBER 2020 OF ASSA 
ABLOY FINANCIAL SERVICES AB (publ)

--- Page 156 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Financial Statement 
for 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
2020-01-01 -- 2020-12-31 
This document has been accurately translated from Swedish to English. 
Stockholm

--- Page 157 ---
Administration report 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director for ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
submit the following administration report for the fiscal year 2020. 
Operation 
The company carries out internal banking operations within the ASSA ABLOY group. 
Ownership 
The company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ASSA ABLOY OY, Joensuu, Finland, which, in its 
turn, is wholly owned by ASSA ABLOY AB, org. no. 556059-3575, Stockholm, Sweden. 
Important events during the fiscal year 
The year has not brought about any significant changes in the business. 
The company's future development and upcoming events 
No major changes in the business are expected during the upcoming year. The result and 
balance sheet are primarily influenced by the financing needs by Group companies. The 
financing needs are partly driven by the general development of the Group but also affected by 
the Group's acquisition activities. 
The effects that the COVID-19 outbreak potentially could have on the future development and 
risks of the company have been looked at. The impact is difficult to fully assess but the effects 
during the previous year were relatively limited. 
Risk management 
Uncertainty about future developments and the course of events is a natural risk for any 
business. Risk-taking in itself provides opportunities for continued economic growth, but 
naturally the risks may also have a negative impact on business operations and company 
goals. It is therefore essential to have a systematic and efficient risk assessment process and 
an effective risk management program in general. The purpose of risk management is not to 
avoid risks, but to take a controlled approach to identifying, managing and reducing the effects 
of these risks. 
Financial risks 
Group Treasury at ASSA ABLOY is responsible for the Group's short- and long-term financing, 
financial cash management, currency risk and other financial risk management. Financial 
operations are centralized in a Treasury function, which manages most financial transactions 
as well as financial risks with a group-wide focus. 
A financial policy, which is approved by the Board, regulates the allocation of responsibilities 
and control of the Group's financing activities. Group Treasury has the main responsibility for 
financial risks within the framework established in the financial policy. A large number of 
financial instruments are used in this work. Accounting principles, risk management and risk 
exposure are described in more detail in Notes 1 and 9, as well as Note 12. The company's 
financial risks mainly comprise financing risk, currency risk, interest rate risk and credit risk in 
financial transactions.

--- Page 158 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Financing risk: 
Financing risk refers to the risk that financing the company's capital requirements and 
refinancing outstanding loans become more difficult or more expensive. It can be reduced by 
maintaining an even maturity profile for borrowing and a high credit rating. The risk is further 
reduced by substantial unutilized confirmed credit facilities. 
Currency risk: 
Since ASSA ABLOY has companies in a large number of countries, internal lending creates 
exposure to different currencies which leads to the effects from exchange rate fluctuations. 
These fluctuations may affect the company's earnings. The company may also be affected 
when it manages the currency exposure arising when handling the Group's cash flows, created 
when products are exported and sold in countries outside the country of production, so called 
transaction exposure. The company carries out continous follow-up and hedging of exchange 
positions and normally has at best limited net positions in foreign currency. Further information 
regarding financial risk management and financial instruments is found in Note 12. 
Interest rate risk: 
With respect to interest rate risks, interest rate changes have a direct impact on ASSA ABLOY 
Financial Services AB's interest income and expense. The net interest expense is also impacted 
by the size of the company's net debt, its currency composition and interest duration. Group 
Treasury analyzes the Group's interest rate exposure and calculates the impact on income of 
interest rate changes on a rolling 12-month basis. In addition to raising variable-rate and fixed· 
rate loans, various interest rate derivatives are used to adjust interest rate sensitivity. 
Credit risk: 
Credit risk arises as a result of the financial transactions carried out by Group Treasury. 
Financial risk management exposes ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB to certain counterparty 
risks. Such exposure may arise, for example, as a result of the investment of surplus cash, 
borrowings and derivative financial instruments. Counterparty limits are set and continuously 
monitored. 
2

--- Page 159 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Result and financial position 
The profit development was negative. The result was positively affected by a somewhat 
increased lending, but negatively impacted by falling interest rates, in particular USD. The low 
interest rates have generally lead to a continued pressure on the interest net. 
External financing: The company's long-term loan financing mainly consists of issuance under 
a Private Placement Program in the USA totaling USD 225 M (295), GMTN program of USD 25 
M (25), three loans from the European Investment Bank of EUR 18 M (37) and USD 120 M 
(120) repectively and 263 MUSD (0), and two loans from the Nordic Investment Bank of EUR 
55 M (55) and 135 MEUR (0). 
The company's short-term loan financing mainly consists of two Commercial Paper Programs 
for a maximum USD 1 000 M (1 000) and SEK 5 000 M (5 000) respectively. At year-end, SEK 
O M (0) of the Commercial Paper Programs had been utilized. In addition, substantial credit 
facilities are available, mainly in the form of a Multi-Currency Revolving Credit Facility that was 
renewed during the year and now amounts to EUR 1 200 M (1 200), which was wholly 
unutilized at year-end. The maturity of this facility is in April 2025, but a smaller portion of EUR 
84 M expires in 2024. 
Additional financing is primarily internal within the ASSA ABLOY Group. Average interest fixing 
period on financial assets was 8,5 months (8,4) and 31,8 months (40,4) for financial liabilities 
at closing day. 
Cash and cash equivalents amounted to SEK 2 368 M (32) and are invested in banks with high 
credit ratings. 
Some of the company's main financing agreements contain a customary Change of Control 
clause. This clause means that lenders have the right in certain circumstances to demand the 
renegotiation of conditions or to terminate the agreements should control of the company 
change. 
Equity: The company's equity totaled SEK 4 426 M (3 949) at year-end. The return on equity 
was 11 percent (12). The equity/asset ratio, excluding group contribution, was 9 percent (10) . 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
.2Qli 
Profit after financial items (MSEK) 
327 
507 
556 
480 
402 
Total assets (MSEK) 
47 281 
41 639 
41 421 
38 399 
38 459 
Return on shareholders' equity (%) 
11 
12 
2 
1 
1 
Equity (MSEK) 
4 426 
3 949 
3 462 
3 408 
3 363 
Net debt (MSEK) 
- 5 284 - 4 338 - 4 188 - 3 956 - 3 128 
External gross debt (MSEK) 
7 466 
6 514 
10 076 
9 822 
9 755 
Profit proposal 
Balanced earnings 
3 948 106 655 
Year-end result 
476 242 553 
Total 
SEK 
4 424 349 208 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director propose available earnings to be allocated as 
follows: 
Carried forward to new financial year 
Total 
3 
SEK 
4 424 349 208 
4 424 349 208

--- Page 160 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
The financial statement means that a group contribution of kSEK 174 556 was received from 
ASSA ABLOY IP AB. 
The opinion of the Board of directors regarding the proposed transfer of profit 
The proposed value transfer in the form of group contribution has only a limited effect on the 
company's solidity. The solidity is comforting given the company's business continue to be run 
profitably. 
It is the opinion of the Board that the dividend paid, in the form of group contribution, will 
neither prevent the company from meeting its commitments in the short and long term, nor 
from making the required investments. The transfer of value is therefore justifible in view of 
the provisions of chapter 17 section 3 paragraph 2-3 of the Swedish Companies Act. 
The company applies the fair value principle in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act 
chapter 4 section 14 for the valuation of financial instruments, which has affected equity with 
462 MSEK (230). 
The Board of Directors propose available earnings to be carried forward to the new financial 
year. 
Concerning the company's result and position in general, the following income statement and 
balance sheet including notes and comments, are referred to. 
4

--- Page 161 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Income Statement 
kSEK 
Note 
2020 
2019 
1 
Administrative expenses 
Operating administrative expenses 
3 
- 21 217 
- 20 962 
Exchange rate differences administrative expenses 
1 062 
- 57 
Total administrative expenses 
- 20 155 
- 21 020 
Financial items 
Interest income 
Interest income from group companies 
975 677 
1 323 081 
External interest income 
- 1 337 
1 476 
Total interest income 
974 340 
1 324 557 
Interest expense 
Interest expense to group companies 
- 305 661 
- 382 557 
External interest expense 
4 
- 239 191 
- 433 506 
Total interest expense 
- 544 851 
- 816 062 
Exchange rate differences 
Exchange rate gain 
3 201 305 
939 437 
Exchange rate loss 
-3 278 703 
- 914 294 
Total exchange rate differences 
- 77 397 
25144 
Other financial expenses 
- 4 785 
- 5 377 
Total financial items 
347 306 
528 261 
Profit after financial items 
327 150 
507 241 
Appropriations 
5 
174 556 
5 313 
Tax 
6 
- 25 463 
- 25 355 
Net result for the year 
476 243 
487 199 
5

--- Page 162 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Balance Sheet 
ASSETS 
kSEK 
Note 
2020-12-31 
2019-12-31 
1 
Financial fixed assets 
Receivables from group companies 
5 365 383 
4 168 687 
Total financial fixed assets 
5 365 383 
4 168 687 
Total fixed assets 
5 365 383 
4 168 687 
Current assets 
Receivables from group companies 
39 057 292 
37 175 720 
Current tax assets 
3 375 
3 206 
Other receivables 
7 
35 
57 
Deferred expenses and 
accrued income 
8 
486 855 
258 946 
Cash and bank 
2 368 123 
32 076 
Total current assets 
41915 679 
37 470 005 
Total assets 
47 281063 
41638 691 
6

--- Page 163 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
kSEK 
Not 
2020- 12-31 
2019-12-31 
1 
Equity 
Restricted equity 
Share capital 
1 000 
1 000 
Statutory reserve 
200 
200 
Total restricted equity 
1200 
1200 
Unrestricted equity 
Balanced earnings 
3 948 107 
3 460 980 
Net profit for the year 
476 243 
487 199 
Total unrestricted equity 
4 424 349 
3 948 179 
Total equity 
4 425 549 
3 949 380 
Long-term liabilities 
Liabilities to external institutions 
6 466 167 
4 164 948 
Liabilities to group companies 
15 729 355 
16 568 520 
Total Long-term liabilities 
9 
22 195 522 
20 733 468 
Current liabilities 
Liabilities to external institutions 
999 597 
2 349 276 
Accounts payable 
1 245 
3 705 
Liabilities to group companies 
18 136 583 
13 951 775 
Accrued expenses and 
deferred income 
10 
1 522 567 
651 088 
Total current liabilities 
20 659 991 
16 955 844 
Total equity and liabilities 
47 281 063 
41 638 691 
7

--- Page 164 ---
Changes in shareholders' equity 
kSEK 
Equity 2018-12-31 
Hedge reserve 
Group contribution 
Distribution of profit 
Tax effect of group contribution 
Year-end result 
Equity 2019-12-31 
Hedge reserve 
Group contribution 
Distribution of profit 
Tax effect of group contribution 
Year-end result 
Equity 2020-12-31 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Restricted eguity 
Unrestricted eguit~ 
~ 
5tatutgry 
Hedge 
Qth~r yn-
I2lil 
caRital 
rese[J!e 
reserve restricted eguitv 
equity 
1 000 
200 
0 
3 460 980 
3 462 180 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
487 199 
487 199 
1 000 
200 
0 
3 948 179 
3 949 379 
- 73 
- 73 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
476 243 
476 243 
1 000 
200 
- 73 
4 424 422 
4 425 549 
The share capital consists of 10 shares with a par value of 100 000 SEK. 
8

--- Page 165 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services cash flow statement 
kSEK 
Operating activities 
Profit after financial items 
Paid tax 
Cash flow from operating activities 
before changes in working capital 
Increase (-) decrease ( +) current receivables 
Increase ( +) decrease (-) current operating liabilities 
Cash flow from operating activities 
Investing activities 
Sales other financial fixed assets 
Investments other financial fixed assets 
Cash flow from investing activities 
Financing activities 
External loans raised 
Internal loans raised 
External loans repaid 
Internal loans repaid 
Group contribution 
Cash flow from financing activities 
Cash flow for the year 
Liquid funds at beginning of year 
Liquid funds at end of year 
Disclosure to the cash flow statement: 
Interest received 
Interest paid 
9 
327 150 
507 241 
- 25 637 
- 24 442 
301 513 
482 799 
-1 934 898 
-405717 
3 698 762 
-1 773 230 
2 065 376 
-1696148 
139 485 
-1 196 696 
-1196 696 
139 485 
2 301 220 
3 156 752 
-1 164 399 
- 839 165 
5 313 
- 489 097 
1467 368 
1 503 256 
2 336 048 
- 53 406 
32 076 
85 482 
2 368 123 
32 076 
974 340 
1 349 802 
- 544 851 
- 850 171

--- Page 166 ---
NOTES 
Note 1 
Disclosure and valuation principles 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
The financial statement for ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB is prepared applying the statements of the Annual 
Accounts Act and the Swedish Accounting Standards Council's recommendation BFNAR 2012: 1 Financial statement and 
consolidated accounts (K3). The company's accounting principles are unchanged from previous years. 
Foreign currencies 
Receivables and liabilities in foreign currencies are valued at closing rate. The forward rate has been used for hedging 
of accounts receivable and accounts payable while hedging of borrowing and lending to subsidiaries is made at spot 
rate. Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at the rate current on the transaction date. 
Income 
Interest income is accounted for in accordance with effective yield. 
Tax 
Reported tax includes tax that is to be paid or received for the current year, adjustments relating to tax due for 
previous years, and changes in deferred tax. 
Tax amounts have been calculated as nominal amounts in accordance with the tax regulations and in accordance with 
tax rates that have either been decided or have been notified and can confidently be expected to be confirmed. 
For items reported in the income statement, associated tax effects are also reported in the income statement. The tax 
effect of items reported directly against shareholders' equity are themselves reported against shareholders' equity. 
Deferred tax is accounted for under the balance sheet method. This means that deferred tax is accounted for on all 
temporary differences between the book values of assets and liabilities and their taxable values. 
Deferred tax receivables relating to tax losses carryforward or other future tax allowances are reported to the extent 
that it is probable that the allowance can be set against taxable income in future taxation. 
Receivables 
Receivables are valued at the amounts that alter individual assessment are expected to be received. 
Cash flow statement 
The cash flow statement has been prepared according to the indirect method. The reported cash flow includes only 
transactions involving cash payments. 
Segment 
The companiy carries out internal banking operations within the ASSA ABLOY group. 
Financial assets 
Financial assets include cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, short-term investments and derivatives, and are 
classified in the following categories: financial assets at fair value through profit and loss, available-for-sale financial 
assets, and loans and receivables. Management determines the classification of financial assets at initial recognition. 
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement 
This category is divided into two sub-categories: financial assets held for trading, and those classified on acquisition as 
financial assets at fair value through profit and loss. A financial asset is classified in this category if acquired principally 
for the purpose of selling in the short term or if classified as such by management. Derivatives are also classified as 
held for trading provided they are not defined as hedges. Assets in this category are classified as current assets. 
Available-for-sale financial assets 
Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivative assets that have been identified as available for sale or assets that 
have not been classified in any other category. They are included in noncurrent assets, unless management intends to 
sell the asset within 12 months of the end of the reporting period. Changes in fair value are recognized in the income 
statement as a financial item. 
10

--- Page 167 ---
Loan receivables and trade receivables 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Trade receivables and short-term investments are non derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payment 
streams, which are not quoted in an active market. They are recognized in current assets, except for receivables 
maturing more than 12 months after the reporting date, which are classified as non-current assets. 
Financial liabilities 
Financial liabilities include deferred considerations, loan liabilities, trade payables and derivative instruments. 
Recognition depends on how the liability is classified. 
Financial liabilities at fair value through the income statement 
This category includes derivatives with negative fair value that are not used for hedging and financial liabilities held for 
trading. Liabilities are measured at fair value on a continuous basis and changes in value are recognized in the income 
statement as a financial item. 
Loan liabilities 
Loan liabilities are initially valued at fair value, net of transaction costs, and subsequently at amortized cost. Amortized 
cost is determined based on the effective interest rate calculated when the loan was raised. Accordingly, premiums and 
discounts as well a direct issue expenses are allocated over the term of the loan. Non-current loan liabilities have an 
anticipated term of more than one year, while current loan liabilities have a term of less than one year. 
Trade payables 
Trade payables are initially valued at fair value, and subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest 
method. 
Recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities 
Acquisitions and sales of financial assets are recognized on the trade date, the date on which the company commits to 
purchase or sell the asset. Transaction costs are initially included in fair value for all financial instruments, except for 
those recognized at fair value through profit and loss where the transaction cost is recognized through profit and loss. 
The fair value of quoted investments is based on current bid prices. In the absence of an active market for an 
investment, the company applies various measurement techniques to determine fair value. These include use of 
available information on current arm's length transactions, comparison with equivalent assets and analysis of 
discounted cash flows. The company assesses at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that a 
financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. A financial asset is derecognized from the balance sheet when 
the right to receive cash flows from the asset expires or is transferred to another party through the transfer of all the 
risks and benefits associated with the asset to the other party. A financial liability is derecognized from the balance 
sheet when the obligation is fulfilled, cancelled or expires, see above. 
Derivative instruments and hedging 
Derivative instruments are recognized in the balance sheet at the transaction date and are measured at fair value, both 
initially and in subsequent revaluations. The method for recognizing profit or loss depends on whether the derivative 
instrument is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the hedged item. For derivatives not 
designated as hedging instruments, changes in value are recognized on a continuous basis through profit or loss under 
financial items, either as income or expense. 
Derivatives are designated as: 
i) Fair value hedge: a hedge of the fair value of an identified liability; 
ii) Cash flow hedge: a hedge of a certain risk associated with a forecast cash flow for a certain transaction 
When entering into the hedge transaction, the relationship between the hedging instrument and hedged items are 
documented, as well as its risk management strategy for the hedge. The company also documents its assessment, 
both on inception and on a regular basis, of whether the derivative instruments used in hedge transactions are 
effective in offsetting changes in fair value attributable to the hedged items. The fair value of forward exchange 
contracts is calculated at net present value based on prevailing forward rates on the reporting date, while interest rate 
swaps are measured by estimating future discounted cash flows. For information on the fair value of derivative 
instruments, see Note 12. 
11

--- Page 168 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Fair value hedges: For derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, changes in value of both the 
hedged item and the hedging instrument are recognized on a continuous basis in the income statement (under 
financial items). Fair value hedges are used to hedge interest rate risk in borrowing linked to fixed interest terms. If 
the hedge would no longer qualify for hedge accounting, the fair value adjustment of the carrying amount is dissolved 
through profit or loss over the remaining term using the effective interest method. 
Cash flow hedges: For derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, changes in value of the 
hedging instrument are recognized on a continuous basis in the Hedge reserve for the part relating to the effective 
portion of the hedges. Gain or loss arising from ineffective portions of derivatives is recognized directly in the income 
statement under financial items. When a hedging instrument expires, is sold or no longer qualifies for hedge 
accounting, and accumulated gains or losses relating to the hedge are recognized in equity, these gains/losses remain 
in equity and are taken to income, while the forecast transaction is finally recognized in the income statement. When a 
forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss recognized in the Hedge reserve is recognized 
directly under financial items. 
The company applies the fair value principle in accordance with the Annual Accounts Act chapter 4 section 14 for the 
valuation of financial instruments. 
Financial instruments 
Financial instruments recorded in the balance sheet include financial assets, other financial assets, accounts receivable, 
accounts payable and loan debts. The fair value of the financial instruments are calculated using market quotations on 
the balance sheet day. Market interest rates form the basis for the calculation of market values of long term loans. For 
other financial instruments, primarily short term loans and deposits where market quotations are not available, the fair 
value is set at book value. 
All transactions with financial assets are recorded on the business day. 
Loans are initially recorded at the amount received alter deduction of transactional costs. If the booked amount is 
different from the amount that has to be repaid at maturity the difference is amortized as interest cost over the 
duration of the loan. By doing so the booked amount is equal to the amount that has to repaid at maturity. The 
booking of financial liabilities is discontinued only alter the debts have been repaid in full or forgiven by the lender. 
The company uses derivative instruments to cover risks related to foreign exchange movements and to hedge its 
interest rate exposure. 
Pension liabilities 
The company's pension obligations are accounted for in accordance with FAR SRS RedR4. The pension obligations are 
covered by external insurance companies. 
Definition of key data terms 
Return on shareholders' equity as shown in the multi-year summary is calculated as: net profit alter tax, divided by 
shareholders' equity at year-end. 
The net debt comprise all internal and external interest-bearing financial instruments, excluding positive and negative 
market values of derivatives. 
External gross debt consists of all interest-bearing external loans excluding negative market values of derivatives. 
12

--- Page 169 ---
Note 2 
Accounting estimates 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
No material accounting estimations or assumptions which could have had an significant effect on the carrying amounts 
have been made. 
Note 3 
Administrative expenses 
Audit fees 
kSEK 
PrlcewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Audit assignment 
Audit other than the audit assignment 
Tax consultancy 
Other services 
Total 
Ernst & Young AB 
Audit assignment 
Audit other than the audit assignment 
Tax consultancy 
Other services 
Total 
2020 
2019 
174 
418 
174 
418 
283 
283 
0 
The fees for audit and audit related services amount to 457 kSEK (418 kSEK). The company has not had any other 
costs related to services performed. No services has been purchased from other auditing firms. 
Ernst & Young AB were elected as auditors for the company at the annual general meeting held on 2020-06-01. 
Employees, salaries, wages and other remuneration 
There has been no remuneration to the board of directors. 
kSEK 
2020 
Salaries and 
Social costs ( of 
other benefits 
which pension 
costs) 
Managing Director 
1 254 
749 (290) 
Employees 
5 579 
3 620 (1 464) 
Total 
6 833 
4 369 (1 754) 
Average number of employees 
Average number of employees per country and gender 
2020 
Country 
Women 
Men 
Sweden 
4 
4 
Gender distribution in the Board of Directors 
2020 
Country 
Women 
Men 
Sweden 
0 
3 
2019 
Salaries and other Social costs (of 
benefits 
which pension 
costs) 
1139 
664 (249) 
5 710 
3 632 (1 448) 
6 849 
4 296 (1 697) 
2019 
Women 
Men 
4 
4 
2019 
Women 
Men 
0 
3 
13

--- Page 170 ---
Note 4 Interest expense external 
kSEK 
Interest expenses to credit institutions 
Interest on interest rate derivatives 
Interest expense currency forwards 
Market value change interest derivatives 
Total 
Note 5 
Appropriations 
kSEK 
Group contributions received 
Total 
Note 6 
Tax 
kSEK 
Current tax 
Total 
Nominal tax rate (%) 
Effective tax rate (%) 
Profit after financial items 
Other taxes 
Tax at nominal tax rate 
Tax attributable to prior year 
Effect of non-deductible expense 
Effect of non-taxable income 
Tax effect of group contribution paid 
Tax effect from Group neutralization of 
net interest income and expenses 
Tax on operating profit 
Other taxes 
Tax on operating profit 
as in income statement 
Note 7 
Other receivables 
kSEK 
VAT recoverable 
Total 
Note 8 
Deferred expenses and accrued income 
kSEK 
Accrued interest income group companies 
Market value interest rate derivatives 
Market value currency forwards 
Miscellaneous 
Total 
2020-12-31 
- 171 731 
43 419 
- 121 961 
11 082 
- 239 191 
2020 
174 556 
174 556 
2020 
- 19 256 
- 19 256 
21,4 
5,9 
327 150 
- 6 207 
- 68 682 
4 
- 2 
0 
-37 355 
86 779 
- 19 256 
- 6 207 
- 25 463 
2020-12-31 
35 
35 
2020-12-31 
23 794 
219 795 
242 679 
589 
486 855 
14 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
2019-12-31 
- 229 090 
25 245 
- 238 524 
8 864 
- 433 506 
2019 
5 313 
5 313 
2019 
- 19 255 
- 19 255 
21,4 
3,8 
501 141 
- 6 100 
- 107 244 
4 
- 2 
0 
-1 137 
89 124 
- 19 255 
-6 100 
- 25 355 
2019-12-31 
57 
57 
2019-12-31 
27 652 
109 214 
121117 
963 
258 946

--- Page 171 ---
Note 9 Long-term liabilities 
kSEK 
Liabilities to credit institutions 
Liabilities to group companies 
Total 
Maturity profile long term liabilities 
kSEK 
Loan NIB (a) 
Loan EIB (a) 
Other long-term loan (a) 
US Private Placement 
Other long-term loan 
Global MTN Program 
Other long-term loan 
Loan EIB (b) 
US Private Placement 
Other long-term loan 
Other long-term loan 
Loan NIB 
Other long-term loan 
Loan EIB (b) 
Other long-term loan 
Loan NIB 
Other long-term loan 
Other long-term loan 
Other long-term loan 
Other long-term loan 
(a) The loans are classified as current liabilities. 
Year 
2021 
2021 
2021 
2022 
2022 
2023 
2023 
2023 
2024 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2026 
2027 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
2031 
2034 
Total 
2020-12-31 
6 466 167 
15 729 355 
22 195 522 
2020-12-31 
1 233 158 
1 794 075 
220 467 
2 499 965 
614 261 
2 423 272 
2 847 602 
678 246 
669 513 
2 860 503 
1 797 850 
678 246 
1 775 869 
997 205 
100 481 
1 004 809 
22 195 522 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
2019-12-31 
4 164 948 
16 568 520 
20 733 468 
2019-12-31 
574 054 
191 351 
1 685 798 
1 414 896 
1 519 052 
244 012 
2 745 791 
959 706 
699 304 
2 553 004 
2 150 471 
688 174 
1 358 264 
1 870 020 
1 035 836 
1 043 734 
20 733 467 
(b) The loans amortizes starting November 2017, The dates in the table refers to the average amortization dates. 
Note 10 Accrued expenses and deferred income 
kSEK 
Accrued interest expenses group companies 
Accrued interest expenses credit institutions 
Market value currency forwards 
Market value interest derivatives and FRA 
Miscellaneous 
Total 
Note 11 Parent company 
2020-12-31 
83 046 
12 271 
1 395 327 
21 267 
10 656 
1 522 567 
2019-12-31 
93 201 
24 068 
518 071 
9 491 
6 257 
651 088 
Parent company for ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB is ASSA ABLOY Oy, Finland. Parent company in the largest 
group of which ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB is a subsidiary, and where consolidated annual accounts are 
established, is ASSA ABLOY AB, 556059-3575, from where the Group's Annual Report can be obtained. 
15

--- Page 172 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Note 12 Financial risk management and financial instruments 
Currency risks 
Currency risks affect ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB mainly through translation of capital employed and net debt. 
To neutralize the translation and transaction exposure arising between net debt and internal needs currency forward 
contracts are used. 
Interest rate risks 
Average interest fixing period on financial assets was 8,5 months and 31,8 months for financial liabilities at closing 
day. 
The company's interest rate duration and distribution of fixed rates in relation to floating is dependent on the Group's 
overall interest rate policy and funding. At year end, 33% of the assets had fixed rates and 52% of the liabilities. 
Interest rate swaps are used to adjust the interest rate duration and interest rate risk to the Group's desired level. 
Liquidity risks 
Financing and liquidity risks are defined as the risks of being unable to meet payment obligations as a result of 
inadequate liquidity or difficulties in obtaining credit from external sources. ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB strives 
to have access, on every occasion, to both short-term and long-term loan facilities. 
Credit risks 
Financial risk management exposes ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB to certain counterparty risk. This exposure 
arises, for instance, from the placement of surplus cash and through the use of derivative instruments. ASSA ABLOY's 
policy is to minimize the potential credit risk by using cash available from subsidiaries to amortize external debt. This 
objective is mainly controlled through the cash pool network for which ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB is 
responsible. Nevertheless the Group may deposit surplus funds on a short-term basis with banks to match maturities. 
Derivative instruments are allocated to banks according to risk factors set in the Treasury Policy to limit counterparty 
risk. 
Outstanding derivative instruments at 2020-12-31 (kSEK) 
2020-12-31 
2019-12-31 
Positive market 
Negative 
Positive market 
Negative 
market 
Nominal value 
Instrument 
value 
value 
value 
market value 
Currency forwards - funding 
242 679 
-1 395 327 
21 829 247 
121117 
-518 071 
Interest rate derivatives 
219 795 
-21 267 
3 040 690 
109 214 
-9 491 
Cross currency swaps 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Total 
462 474 
-1416 593 
24 869 937 
230 331 
- 527 562 
Disclosures of off setting of financial assets and liabilities 
Amounts 
Net 
Amount 
netted 
amounts 
covered 
Gross 
in the 
in the 
by netting 
Net 
amount 
balance 
balance 
agreement 
amount 
sheet 
sheet 
but not 
offset 
2020-12-31 
Financial assets 
426 138 
426 138 
75 523 
350 615 
Financial liabilities 
- 166 693 
-166 693 
-75 523 
-91170 
2019-12-31 
Financial assets 
202 181 
202 181 
45 614 
156 567 
Financial liabilities 
- 146 565 
-146 565 
-45 614 
-100 951 
Netted financial assets and Financial liabilities only consist of derivative instruments. 
16 
Nominal value 
23 291 427 
3 531 720 
0 
26 823 147

--- Page 173 ---
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
Financial instruments: carrying amounts and fair values by measurement category 
2020-12-31 
2019-12-31 
Financial assets 
Derivative instruments - hedge accounting 
Derivative instruments - held for trading 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Financial liabilities 
Long-term loans - hedge accounting 
Long -term loans - not hecfge accounting 
Long-term loans, total 
Short-term loans - hedge accounting 
Short-term loans - not hedge accounting 
Derivative instruments - hedge accounting 
Derivative instruments - held for trading 
* Applicable categories: 
1 = Loans and receivables. 
2 = Financial instruments at fair 
value through profit or loss. 
3 = Financial liabilities at amortized 
cost. 
4 = Derivative hedge accounting. 
Carrying 
Categories* 
amount 
4 
219 795 
2 
242 679 
2 368 123 
3 
3 973 112 
3 
18 222 410 
22 195 522 
3 
0 
3 
19 136 180 
4 
21 267 
2 
1 395 327 
Carrying 
Fair value 
amount 
219 795 
109 214 
242 679 
121 117 
2 368 123 
32 076 
3 973 112 
3 953 959 
18 273 660 
16 779 508 
22 246 772 20 733 467 
0 
689 518 
19 136 180 
15 611 533 
21 267 
9 491 
1 395 327 
518 071 
The fair value of long-term borrowing Is based on observable data by discounting cash flows to market rate, while the 
fair value of current receivables and current liabilities is considered to correspond to the carrying amount. 
Note 13 Contingent liabilities and pledged assets 
The company has no pledged assets or contingent liabilities. 
Note 14 Important events after the fiscal year 
No major changes in the business are expected during the upcoming year. The result and balance sheet are primarily 
influenced by the financing needs by Group companies. The financing needs are partly driven by the general 
development of the Group but also affected by the Group's acquisition activities. 
The effects that the COVID-19 outbreak potentially could have on the future development and risks of the company 
have been looked at. The impact is difficult to fully assess but the effects during the previous year were relatively 
limited. 
Note 15 Profit proposal 
Profit proposal 
Balanced earnings 
Year-end result 
Total 
SEK 
3 948 106 655 
476 242 553 
4 424 349 208 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director propose available earnings to be allocated as follows: 
Ca rried forward to new financial year 
Total 
SEK 
17 
4 424 349 208 
4 424 349 208 
Fair value 
109 214 
121 117 
32 076 
3 953 959 
16 780 623 
20 734 582 
689 518 
15 611 533 
9 491 
518 071

--- Page 174 ---
.. '\ . ' 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB 
556283-0264 
The Income statement and Balance sheet shall be presented at the Shareholders' meeting. 
Stockholm 2021 -/JJ... -2J 
Chairman 
r;;0~--
Lena Bernhardsson 
Managing Director 
Our audit report has been submitted 2021 -f2.!i__ - '2 / 
Erns~M~ 
~
Mabon 
Authorized Public Accountant 
18

--- Page 175 ---
Auditor's report 
Unofficial translation 
To the general meeting of the shareholders of ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB, corporate identity number 556283-0264. 
Report on the annual accounts 
Opinions 
We have audited the annual accounts of ASSA ABLOY Financial 
Services AB for the year 2020. 
In our opinion, the annual accounts have been prepared in 
accordance with the Annual Accounts Act and present fairly, in 
all material respects, the financial position of ASSA ABLOY 
Financial Services AB 
as of 31 December 2020 and its 
financial performance and cash flow for the year then ended in 
accordance with the Annual Accounts Act. The statutory 
administration report is consistent with the other parts of the 
annual accounts. 
We therefore recommend that the general meeting of 
shareholders adopts the income statement and balance sheet. 
Basis for Opinions 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International 
Standards on Auditing (ISA) and generally accepted auditing 
standards in Sweden. Our responsibilities under those 
standards 
are 
further 
described 
in 
the 
Auditor's 
Responsibilities section. We are independent of ASSA ABLOY 
Financial Services AB in accordance with professional ethics 
for accountants in Sweden and have otherwise fulfilled our 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions. 
Other information 
The audit of the annual accounts for the year 2019 has been 
performed by another auditor which have provided an 
Auditor's report dated 23 of April 2020 with unmodified 
opinion in Report on the annual accounts. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the 
Managing Director 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are 
responsible for the preparation of the annual accounts and that 
they give a fair presentation in accordance with the Annual 
Accounts Act. The Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director are also responsible for such internal control as they 
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of annual 
accounts that are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the annual accounts, The Board of Directors and 
the Managing Director are responsible for the assessment of 
the company's ability to continue as a going concern. They 
disclose, as applicable, matters related to going concern and 
using the going concern basis of accounting. 
Auditor's responsibility 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the annual accounts as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an 
auditor's report that includes our opinions. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs and generally 
accepted auditing standards in Sweden will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these annual accounts. 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, We exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also: 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the annual accounts, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, 
and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinions. The risk of not detecting 
a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than 
for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, 
forgery, 
intentional 
om1ss1ons, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
• 
Obtain an understanding of the company's internal control 
relevant to our audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the 
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of 
the company's internal control. 
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by the Board of Directors and the 
Managing Director. 
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors' 
and the Managing Director's use of the going concern basis 
of accounting in preparing the annual accounts. We also 
draw a conclusion, based on the audit evidence obtained, 
as to whether any material uncertainty exists related to 
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the 
related disclosures in the annual accounts or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion about 
the annual accounts. Our conclusions are based on the 
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause 
the company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of 
the annual accounts, including the disclosures, and 
whether the annual accounts represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair 
presentation. 
We must inform the Board of Directors of, among other 
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit. We must 
also inform of significant audit findings during our audit, 
including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we 
identified.

--- Page 176 ---
Report on other legal and regulatory 
requirements 
Opinions 
In addition to our audit of the annual accounts, we have also 
audited the administration of the Board of Directors and the 
Managing Director of ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB for 
the year 2020 and the proposed appropriations of the 
company's profit or loss. 
We recommend to the general meeting of shareholders that 
the profit be appropriated in accordance with the proposal in 
the statutory administration report and that the members of 
the Board of Directors and the Managing Director be 
discharged from liability for the financial year. 
Basis for Opinions 
We conducted the audit in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards in Sweden. Our responsibilities under those 
standards 
are 
further 
described 
in 
the 
Auditor's 
Responsibilities section. We are independent of ASSA ABLOY 
Financial Services AB in accordance with professional ethics 
for accountants in Sweden and have otherwise fulfilled our 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions. 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the 
Managing Director 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the proposal for 
appropriations of the company's profit or loss. At the proposal 
of a dividend, this includes an assessment of whether the 
dividend is justifiable considering the requirements which the 
company's type of operations, size and risks place on the size 
of the company's equity, consolidation requirements, liquidity 
and position in general. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the company's 
organization and the administration of the company's affairs. 
This includes among other things continuous assessment of 
the company's financial situation and ensuring that the 
company's organization is designed so that the accounting, 
management of assets and the company's financial affairs 
otherwise are controlled in a reassuring manner. The Managing 
Director shall manage the ongoing administration according to 
the Board of Directors' guidelines and instructions and among 
other matters take measures that are necessary to fulfill the 
company's accounting in accordance with law and handle the 
management of assets in a reassuring manner. 
Auditor's responsibility 
Our objective concerning the audit of the administration, and 
thereby our opinion about discharge from liability, is to obtain 
audit evidence to assess with a reasonable degree of assurance 
whether any member of the Board of Directors or the Managing 
Director in any material respect: 
• 
has undertaken any action or been guilty of any omission 
which can give rise to liability to the company, or 
• 
in any other way has acted in contravention of the 
Companies Act, the Annual Accounts Act or the Articles of 
Association. 
Our objective concerning the audit of the proposed 
appropriations of the company's profit or loss, and thereby our 
opinion about this, is to assess with reasonable degree of 
assurance whether the proposal is in accordance with the 
Companies Act. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a 
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden will always 
detect actions or omissions that can give rise to liability to the 
company, or that the proposed appropriations of the 
company's profit or loss are not in accordance with the 
Companies Act. 
As part of an audit in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards in Sweden, We exercise professional 
judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. The examination of the administration and the proposed 
appropriations of the company's profit or loss is based 
primarily on the audit of the accounts. Additional audit 
procedures performed are based on our professional judgment 
with starting point in risk and materiality. This means that we 
focus the examination on such actions, areas and relationships 
that are material for the operations and where deviations and 
violations would have particular importance for the company's 
situation. We examine and test decisions undertaken, support 
for decisions, actions taken and other circumstances that are 
relevant to our opinion concerning discharge from liability. As 
a basis for our opinion on the Board of Directors' proposed 
appropriations of the company's profit or loss we examined 
whether the proposal is in accordance with the Companies Act. 
Stockholm 21 April 2021 
Ernst & Young AB 
;(A/lf~ 
Hamish Mabon 
Authorized Public Accountant 
2 (2)

--- Page 177 ---
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
0011398-0005185 ICM:32764897 
 
THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
ASSA ABLOY AB (publ) 
ASSA ABLOY Financial Services AB (publ) 
P.O. Box 70340 
P.O. Box 70340 
Klarabergsviadukten 90 
Klarabergsviadukten 90 
107 23 Stockholm 
107 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Sweden 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc, Germany Branch 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Swedish law 
Mannheimer Swartling 
P.O. Box 4291 
Carlsgatan 3 
SE-203 14 Malmö 
Sweden 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London El 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuers for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 
To the Issuers for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Ernst & Young AB 
Torsgatan 21 
PO Box 7850 
113 97 Stockholm 
103 99 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Sweden

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2  
D02 RF29  
Ireland  
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark  
 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
Foppingadreef 7 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
Via Manzoni 4 
The Netherlands 
20121 Milan  
 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Taunustor 1 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Germany 
The Netherlands 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Satamaradankatu 5 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki 
106 40 Stockholm 
Finland 
Sweden 
 
 
Société Générale 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
Taunusanlage 16 
75009 Paris 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden