--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2022  
 
 
 
 
 
ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. (“Assicurazioni Generali” or the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of €15,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
Under the Programme as described in this Base Prospectus, Assicurazioni Generali may from time to time issue Notes in bearer 
form denominated in any currency, as described in further detail herein. Notes to be issued under the Programme may comprise 
(i) unsubordinated Notes (the “Senior Notes”), (ii) tier 3 notes referred to as “More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes” which 
are subordinated and with a maturity date as described herein (the “Tier 3 Notes”), (iii) senior dated subordinated notes which 
are subordinated and with a maturity date as described herein (the “Senior Dated Subordinated Notes”) and (iv) deeply 
subordinated notes which are deeply subordinated and with, or without, a maturity date as described herein (the “Deeply 
Subordinated Notes” and together with the Senior Dated Subordinated Notes, the “Tier 2 Notes” and, together with the Tier 3 
Notes, the “Subordinated Notes”). Notes issued under the Programme will not have denominations of less than €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be 
issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of any tranche of Notes, the interest (if any) payable, the issue price and any other 
information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) and which can 
only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (as 
defined below) or, as the case may be, the Drawdown Prospectus.  
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent 
authority in Luxembourg to approve this document as a base prospectus under the Luxembourg Law of 16 July 2019 on 
Prospectuses for Securities (the “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”). The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and 
financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law and only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility  and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for the Notes to be 
displayed on the Professional Segment or on the Luxembourg Green Exchange Platform (the “LGX Platform”) of the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
during the period of 12 months after the date hereof. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. The Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market (the “Regulated Market”) is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Investments Directive, as amended (Directive 2014/65/EC) (as amended, “MiFID II”). The CSSF gives no 
undertaking as to the economic or financial opportuneness of the transaction or the quality and solvency of the Issuer in line 
with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only

--- Page 2 ---
A47398444 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II for 12 
months after the approval by the CSSF and shall expire on 25 May 2023 (included), provided that it is completed by any 
supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material 
mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no 
longer apply. 
The Programme also allows for Notes to be unlisted or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer (including on the 
professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). Under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, prospectuses relating to money market instruments having a 
maturity at issue of less than 12 months which fall within the definition of securities are not subject to the approval provisions 
of Part II of such law, but are subject to the approval provisions of Part III of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, which requires 
the approval of an alleviated prospectus. No money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months will 
be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market under this Base Prospectus. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors” 
on page 20. 
Under current legislation in Italy, payments of interest, premium or other income relating to the Notes are subject to substitute 
tax (imposta sostitutiva) at a rate of 26 per cent., regardless of maturity. The Issuer will not be liable to pay any additional 
amounts to Noteholders in relation to any such substitute tax or withholding. For further information, see “Taxation” on page 
334. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to benchmarks including (i) the Euro-zone interbank offered 
rate (“EURIBOR”); (ii) the Singapore interbank offered rate (“SIBOR”); (iii) the Tokyo interbank offered rate (“TIBOR”); 
(iv) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”); (v) the sterling overnight index average rate (“SONIA”); (vi) the 
secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”); (vii) the constant maturity swap rate (“CMS”); and (viii) the Daily Euro Short-term 
Rate (the “€STR”) and amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes issued under the Programme may, in certain 
circumstances, be determined in part by reference to such indices, each as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each such 
index constitutes a benchmark for the purposes of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended (the 
“EU Benchmark Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, from the above-named list of benchmarks, only the 
administrators of EURIBOR, the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), and of SIBOR, ABS Benchmarks 
Administration Co Pte Ltd., are included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. Furthermore, as 
far as the Issuer is aware, the administrators of SONIA, SOFR and €STR are not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 
of the EU Benchmark Regulation (or of the EU Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal Act) 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK Benchmark Regulation”), as the case may be). As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark 
Administration (as administrator of CMS) is not currently required to obtain authorization/registration under the EU Bencharmk 
Regulation. Similarly, third country benchmarks (including TIBOR and HIBOR) already used in the European Union (the 
“EU”) prior to 31 December 2023 can still be used in the EU as a reference for financial instruments, financial contracts, or for 
measuring the performance of an investment fund before that date.

--- Page 3 ---
A47398444 
Arranger 
Goldman Sachs International 
Dealers  
Barclays 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS  
BofA Securities  
Citigroup  
Crédit Agricole CIB  
Deutsche Bank  
Goldman Sachs International  
HSBC  
J.P. Morgan  
Mediobanca  
Mizuho Securities  
Morgan Stanley  
Natixis 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit

--- Page 4 ---
A47398444 
4 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ................................................................................................................................... 5 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................12 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................20 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................53 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST .............................................................................................................................55 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS .....................................................................................57 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................58 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ...............................................................................61 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES ................................................................................109 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES ................................................................................174 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES .................................................................................234 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES ...................................................................................255 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES ...................................................................................278 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ....................299 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................303 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................304 
OVERVIEW FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................331 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................334 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................346 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................353

--- Page 5 ---
A47398444 
5 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, when used in this Base Prospectus, references to “Prospectus Regulation” means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, and “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. For the avoidance of doubt, this Base 
Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and not 
as competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document and for the relevant Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and to the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, 
the information contained in this document and in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, 
should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that this Base 
Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all information which according to 
the particular nature of the Issuer and the securities offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses, and the prospects of the Issuer and of any rights attaching to such securities and is 
(in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information 
is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, 
predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material 
respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, 
opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the 
Notes, where applicable) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made 
to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including 
parent companies), and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies)makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, 
create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has 
been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the condition 
(financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date hereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 6 ---
A47398444 
6 
 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. The distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. None of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger or any of their respective affiliates (including 
parent companies) represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating 
to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to U.S. persons. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”)  and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in

--- Page 7 ---
A47398444 
7 
 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any 
of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will 
be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SALES TO CANADIAN INVESTORS - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed 
to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory 
for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
their respective affiliates (including parent companies) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer. 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies) makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds (each as defined herein) to fulfil any green, social or sustainability criteria required by any prospective 
investors. If any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be admitted to listing (including the 
listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated ‘green’, ‘social’, ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market), no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Neither the Arranger or the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) have 
undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Eligible Green Assets or

--- Page 8 ---
A47398444 
8 
 
Eligible Social Assets (each as defined herein), any verification of whether such projects meet such criteria or 
the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds (or amounts 
equal thereto). Investors should refer to the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined herein) which 
the Issuer may publish from time to time, any second party opinion delivered in respect thereof, and any 
public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds for further information. Any such green, social or 
sustainability framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting – which will be made available 
in the “investor relations” section of the Issuer’s website – will not constitute or form part of any offer or 
invitation to sell or issue, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for, any securities and will 
not be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, save in each case to the extent that any such 
information is expressly included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and neither the 
Arranger nor any of the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) makes any 
representation as to the suitability or contents thereof. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed €15,000,000,000 and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes, calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and Sale”). The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased 
from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement. 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may also be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its 
rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
CRA Regulation” and, together with the EU CRA Regulation, the relevant “CRA Regulation”) will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU 
CRA Regulation and UK regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using a credit 
rating for regulatory purposes unless such rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or 
the United Kingdom and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or superseded, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies or non-UK 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered or UK- registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA (or non-UK) credit rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the relevant CRA Regulation (and such endorsement or certification, as the case may be, has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to “EUR”, “euro” or “€” are to the single 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union and as defined 
in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as 
amended. Unless otherwise specified or where the context requires, references to laws and regulations are to 
the laws and regulations of Italy.

--- Page 9 ---
A47398444 
9 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA (each, a “Member State”) will be made pursuant 
to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
Notes and any offer of Notes in the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making 
or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the UK of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering/placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms or a 
Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be) or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be), in each case, 
in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in 
that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Member State (or in the UK, as the case may be) and (in either case) published, all in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be), provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the relevant Final Terms or is a Drawdown 
Prospectus which specifies that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be) in that Member State (or in the UK as the 
case may be), such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in 
such prospectus or final terms or drawdown prospectus, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus 
for such offer.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall

--- Page 10 ---
A47398444 
10 
 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have 
on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Furthermore, the conditions of the Notes are governed by English law or, as the case may be, Italian law, in 
effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
Subordinated Notes governed by English law, the provisions concerning the status of such Subordinated 
Notes will be governed by the laws of the Republic of Italy. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to applicable law or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) has or 
assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the 
Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if 
different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to the purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
STABILISATION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) (THE “STABILISING 
MANAGER(S)” (OR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) 
IN THE APPLICABLE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT, MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT 
TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A 
LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER 
STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY 
BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE 
TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY 
CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS 
AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER 
THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY

--- Page 11 ---
A47398444 
11 
 
STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
MARKET STATISTICS 
Information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding business trends, market trends, market 
volumes and the market share of the Issuer or the Generali Group (as defined herein) are either derived from, 
or are based on, internal data or publicly available data from various independent sources. Although the Issuer 
believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the information 
provided by such sources. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus, including, without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference herein, may contain 
forward-looking statements, including (without limitation) statements identified by the use of terminology such as 
"anticipates", "believes", "estimates", "expects", "intends", "may", "plans", "projects", "will", "would" or similar 
words. These statements are based on the Issuer's current expectations and projections about future events and 
involve substantial uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained herein 
regarding the Issuer's strategy, goals, plans, future financial position, projected revenues and costs or prospects are 
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, some of 
which cannot be predicted or quantified. Future events or actual results could differ materially from those set forth 
in, contemplated by or underlying forward-looking statements. The Issuer does not undertake any obligation to 
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.

--- Page 12 ---
A47398444 
12 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the “Prospectus Commission Delegated Regulation”) 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. The following overview does not purport to be complete and is 
qualified by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Series (as defined below in “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of 
the Tier 3 Notes” or, as applicable, “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes”) of Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes”, 
“Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes” or, as applicable, “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes” 
below shall have the same meanings in this general description, and references to a numbered “Condition” 
shall be to the relevant Condition under the relevant Terms and Conditions set out below. 
 
Issuer: 
Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. 
 
The Generali Group is the largest insurance group in Italy (Source: 
ANIA (Associazione Nazionale fra le Imprese Assicuratrici), the 
Italian national association of insurance undertakings) and one of the 
major players in Europe. The Generali Group operates in 50 countries 
worldwide through branch offices and subsidiaries. 
The Generali Group undertakes a wide range of direct life and non-life 
insurance business, assumed reinsurance business and activities in 
fund and asset management and related areas. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, gross earned premiums of the 
Generali Group amounted to Euro 73,985 million (for the year ended 
31 December 2020: Euro 67,393 million), of which Euro 50,185 
million (for the year ended 31 December 2020: Euro 45,218 million) 
was attributable to its life insurance business and Euro 23,799 million 
(for the year ended 31 December 2020: Euro 22,175 million) to its 
non-life insurance business. The consolidated net profit of the 
Generali Group for the full year 2021 (excluding minority interests) 
was Euro 2,847 million (for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
including the result of discontinued operations: Euro 1,744 million).  
The adjusted net profit - defined as the net result without the impact of 
gains and losses related to acquisitions and disposals - was equal to 
€2,795 million in 2021 and excluded €52 million relating to the 
acquisition of the control of the Cattolica group and to extraordinary 
costs for its integration (€1,926 million adjusted net profit in 2020, 
which neutralised €183 million loss resulting from the settlement 
agreement for the BSI disposal). Adjusted net profit for the 2020 
financial year, excluding also the expenses of the Extraordinary 
International Fund for Covid-19 and the liability management 
transaction, amounted to Euro 2,076 million. 
Total investments of the Generali Group as at 31 December 2021 
amounted to Euro 527,904 million (as at 31 December 2020: Euro

--- Page 13 ---
A47398444 
13 
 
492,522 million).  
Insurance provisions of the Group as at 31 December 2021 amounted 
to Euro 479,449 million (as at 31 December 2020: Euro 442,330 
million), of which insurance provisions for policies where the 
investment risk is borne by the policyholders and related to pension 
funds amounted to Euro 102,481 million (as at 31 December 2020: 
Euro 80,370 million). See “Description of the Issuer”. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
549300X5UKJVE386ZB61 
Arranger: 
Goldman Sachs International  
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe 
SA, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International, 
HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan 
Stanley & Co. International plc, Natixis, Société Générale, UBS 
Europe SE, UniCredit Bank AG, and any other Dealer appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent and Luxembourg 
Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch. 
Rating: 
The rating of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
 
The Issuer’s long-term debt rating issued by each of AM Best (EU) 
Rating Services B.V., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH are set out in the table below:  
 
 
Rating 
AM Best (EU) Rating Services 
B.V. 
Senior 
a 
Subordinated 
a- 
Outlook 
stable 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
Senior 
A- 
Subordinated 
BBB(1) 
Outlook 
positive 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
Senior 
Baa1 
Subordinated 
Baa2 
Outlook 
stable 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant

--- Page 14 ---
A47398444 
14 
 
Series of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA or in the UK and registered (or which has applied for 
registration and not been refused) under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation” and, together with the EU CRA Regulation, the “CRA 
Regulation”), or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA or in the UK but will be endorsed by a CRA 
which is established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the 
relevant CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which 
is not established in the EEA or in the UK but which is certified under 
the relevant CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU 
CR Regulation and UK regulated investors are restricted under the UK 
CRA Regulation from using credit rating for regulatory purposes 
unless (i) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA or the UK) and registered under the relevant CRA 
Regulation, (ii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA or in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the 
relevant CRA Regulation or (iii) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or in the UK which is 
certified under the relevant CRA Regulation. 
 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website,  
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk 
a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Approval, Listing and 
Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a 
base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the Professional 
Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform of the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series including the 
professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading 
facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
Pursuant to Articles 24 and 25 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purposes of having Notes admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in a Member State of the EEA other than Luxembourg, the

--- Page 15 ---
A47398444 
15 
 
CSSF will notify ESMA and may, at the request of the Issuer, send to 
the competent authority of such Member State: (i) a copy of this Base 
Prospectus; and (ii) a certificate of approval attesting that this Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
€15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time and any notes 
(from time to time outstanding) issued prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus by Generali Finance B.V. (“Generali Finance”) and 
guaranteed by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date, issue price 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and, as relevant, (i) the final terms of the 
Senior Notes in respect of any Tranche of Senior Notes (the “Final 
Terms of the Senior Notes”); (ii) the final terms of the Tier 2 Notes in 
respect of any Tranche of Tier 2 Notes (the “Final Terms of the Tier 
2 Notes”); or (iii) the final terms of the Tier 3 Notes, in respect of any 
Tranche of Tier 3 Notes (the “Final Terms of the Tier 3 Notes”) 
(together the “Final Terms” and each, the “relevant Final Terms”) or 
(2) pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will 
initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro or in any other currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued by the Issuer on a subordinated or 
unsubordinated basis as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
For further details of the status of the Notes, see the Senior 
Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions.  
Senior Notes – Cross Default: 
The Senior Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described 
in Condition 11(C) (Events of Default – Cross default of Issuer) of the 
Senior Conditions. 
Subordinated Notes – Deferral 
of Interest: 
Subordinated Notes are subject to mandatory interest deferral 
provisions which require the Issuer to defer payment of all (or, as

--- Page 16 ---
A47398444 
16 
 
applicable, part) of the interest accrued on its Subordinated Notes on 
an Interest Payment Date subject to certain conditions, all as described 
in further detail in Condition 5.1 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest) of 
the Tier 3 Conditions and Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Deferral of 
Interest) of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
If the relevant Final Terms state that Optional Deferral of Interest is 
applicable, the Issuer may elect to defer interest payment accrued on 
Tier 2 Notes on an Interest Payment Date in the circumstances set 
forth in Condition 5.1 (Optional Deferral of Interest) of the Tier 2 
Conditions. 
Subordinated Notes – 
Modification and/or Exchange 
following a Regulatory Event, 
Tax Event, Rating Event or 
Accounting Event: 
If the Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event 
Modification Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer may in certain circumstances following a 
Regulatory Event, a Tax Event, a Rating Event or an Accounting 
Event, as the case may be, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, modify the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes as described in further detail in Condition 17.4 (Modification 
and/or Exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating 
Event or Accounting Event) of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 
Conditions. 
 
If the Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer may in certain circumstances following a Regulatory Event, a 
Tax Event, a Rating Event or an Accounting Event, as the case may 
be, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, exchange all (but not some only) of the Subordinated 
Notes for Qualifying Securities as described in further detail in 
Condition 17.4 (Modification and/or Exchange following a 
Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event) of 
the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity or no fixed maturity date, subject, in relation to specific 
currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes with a specified maturity date, the 
scheduled maturity date will be postponed in certain circumstances, as 
set out in Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) and Condition 
10.1.1 (Redemption and Purchase – Scheduled redemption of Notes 
with specified maturity date) of the Tier 2 Conditions and in Condition 
6 (Conditions for Redemption) and Condition 10.1 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Scheduled redemption) of the Tier 3 Conditions.  
 
Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital and Tier 3 
Capital are required under Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the Solvency II Directive 
to have an original maturity of at least ten years and five years,

--- Page 17 ---
A47398444 
17 
 
respectively. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amount. Unless 
previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
(subject as mentioned below with respect to Subordinated Notes) be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount.  
 
The relevant Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will 
indicate either that the Notes of that Tranche cannot be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity or that such Notes will be redeemable prior to 
such stated maturity at the option of the Issuer where the Call Option 
is specified or at the option of the Issuer in the event that at least 80% 
of the intial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been 
purchased where the Clean-up Call Option is specified or, in the case 
of Senior Notes only, at the Option of the Noteholders where the Put 
Option is specified, on such terms as are indicated in the relevant 
Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer for tax reasons. 
In addition, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes may be 
redeemed by the Issuer where the Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event is specified. 
 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes is subject to satisfaction of the 
conditions set out in Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) of the 
Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions, and may also be 
suspended and postponed as described therein and in Condition 10.1.1 
(Redemption and Purchase – Scheduled redemption of Notes with 
specified maturity date) and Condition 10.10 (Redemption and 
Purchase - Postponement of optional redemption dates) of the Tier 2 
Conditions and in Condition 10.1 (Redemption and Purchase – 
Scheduled Redemption) and Condition 10.10 (Redemption and 
Purchase - Postponement of optional redemption dates) of the Tier 3 
Conditions. 
Other than, if any, in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, no Series of 
Notes will be redeemed below its principal amount under any 
circumstances. 
Interest: 
Notes may or may not bear interest. Interest-bearing Notes will either 
bear interest payable at a fixed rate, a floating rate, initially at a fixed 
rate then switched to floating rate or vice versa, or at a rate which may 
be reset on one or more occasions during the life of the Notes. 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer may (subject to 
certain conditions and following consultation with an Independent 
Adviser) determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any 
Benchmark Amendments (each term as defined in the Conditions) in 
accordance with Condition 6.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes, Condition 8.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 
Notes and 8.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
A47398444 
18 
 
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or, where the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such other currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Republic of Italy 
(“Italy”) (and subject to certain exceptions), unless the withholding is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Taxation) of the Senior Conditions and Condition 12 
(Taxation) of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions) pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving 
such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes 
had no such withholding been required. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes may be governed by English law or Italian law, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms to be 
governed by English law: (A) the Notes will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law, except that provisions 
concerning the status of the Subordinated Notes issued by 
Assicurazioni Generali are governed by the laws of the Republic of 
Italy; (B) the Global Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement will be governed by the laws of England. 
In the case of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms to be 
governed by Italian law: (A) the Notes and the Agency Agreement 
will be governed by the laws of Italy; and (B) all contractual and non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Global 
Notes will be governed by Italian law, while the form and 
transferability of the Global Notes will be governed by English law. 
Enforcement of Notes in 
Global Form: 
In the case of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms to be 
governed by English law, for so long as the Notes are represented by 
Global Notes, individual investors’ rights against the Issuer will be 
governed by a Deed of Covenant entered into by the Issuer dated 25 
May 2022 copies of which will be available for inspection at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, The EEA (including 
the Republic of Italy), the UK, The People’s Republic of China, The 
Republic of China, Singapore and Switzerland see, “Subscription and 
Sale” below. 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form 
that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal

--- Page 19 ---
A47398444 
19 
 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) 
unless (i) the applicable Final Terms states that the Notes are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) the Notes 
are issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D rules or the 
TEFRA C rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the applicable Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Risk Factors: 
The purchase of Notes may involve substantial risks and may be 
suitable only for investors who have the knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate 
the risks and the merits of an investment in the Notes. See “Risk 
Factors”.

--- Page 20 ---
A47398444 
20 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of 
the Issuer and the industry in which the Group operates together with all other information contained in this 
Base Prospectus, including, in particular, the risk factors described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under this Programme. All these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the 
Issuer is not in a position to express a view as to the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. Additional 
risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently 
deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, 
prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the 
price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should 
consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this 
Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
References in this section to the “Generali Group” are to Assicurazioni Generali and its consolidated 
subsidiaries. References to the “Senior Conditions”, the “Tier 3 Conditions” and the “Tier 2 Conditions” are 
to the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes”, the “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes” and the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes”, respectively. Otherwise, words and expressions defined in 
“Forms of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 
Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes” or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
Financial and investment risks 
Financial results may be affected by fluctuations in the financial markets 
Market levels and investment returns are an important part of determining the Generali Group’s overall 
profitability and fluctuations in the financial markets such as the fixed income, equity, property and 
foreign exchange markets can have a material effect on its consolidated results of operations. Changes in 
these factors can be very difficult to predict. Any adverse changes in the economies and/or financial 
markets in which funds under management are invested could have a material adverse effect on the 
Generali Group’s consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Fluctuations in interest rates may affect returns on the Group’s fixed income investments and their 
market value. Generally, investment income may be reduced during sustained periods of lower interest 
rates as higher yielding fixed income securities are called, mature or are sold and the proceeds are 
reinvested at lower rates even though prices of fixed income securities tend to rise and gains realised 
upon their sale tend to increase. During periods of rising interest rates, prices of fixed income securities 
tend to fall and gains made upon their sale are lower or the losses made are greater. 
In addition, the Generali Group invests a substantial portion of its assets in equities and real estate, 
which are generally subject to greater risks and more volatility than fixed income securities. General 
economic conditions, stock market conditions, level of disposable income and many other factors 
beyond the control of the Generali Group can adversely affect the equity and property markets and 
therefore, the value of the Group’s investments.

--- Page 21 ---
A47398444 
21 
 
Investment returns are also susceptible to changes in the general creditworthiness of the issuer of the 
debt securities and equity securities held in the businesses’ portfolios of the Group. The value of fixed 
income securities may be affected by, amongst other things, changes in the issuer’s credit rating. Where 
the credit rating of a debt security drops, the value of the security may also decline. 
The current dislocation in the global and Italian capital markets and credit conditions has led to the most 
severe examination of the banking system’s capacity to absorb sudden significant changes in the funding 
and liquidity environment in recent history, and has had an impact on the wider economy. Should the 
Generali Group be in a situation where it has to source a sustainable funding in a stressed market 
environment, the Generali Group’s ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at all, 
could be adversely affected. 
In addition to the general insurance and shareholder portfolios, the Generali Group has substantial 
exposure to fixed income securities, equities and real estate within its life assurance portfolios 
worldwide. The investment risk on life assurance portfolios is often shared in whole or in part with 
policyholders, depending on the product sold. Fluctuations in the fixed income, equity and property 
markets will directly affect the financial results of life assurance operations and will also have indirect 
effects, through their impact on the value of technical provisions, which in most cases are related to the 
value of the assets backing the policy liabilities. Should the credit rating of the issuer of the fixed income 
securities drop to a level such that regulatory guidelines prohibit the holding of such securities to back 
insurance liabilities, the resulting disposal may lead to a loss (the materiality of which is directly 
proportional to the relevant exposure of the Group) on the Generali Group’s investment. 
The revenues of the Generali Group’s asset management businesses around the world are derived 
primarily from investment management fees, which are based primarily on the market value of funds 
under management. Consequently, the asset management business’s financial results depend on changes 
in the economic conditions and financial markets in which the funds under management are invested. 
For further considerations relating to interest rates, currency and credit risks, please refer to the risk 
factors: “Financial results may be affected by interest rates”, “Financial results may be affected by 
fluctuations in exchange rates” and “The Generali Group is subject to credit risk” and “Financial Risk 
and Credit Risk” (pages 152-154) in Part D (Risk Profile) of the Risk Report contained in the 
Management Report of the 2021 Annual Integrated Report and Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Generali Group, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Financial results may be affected by interest rates 
Significant changes in interest rates could materially and adversely affect the Generali Group’s business, 
results of operation and financial performance. The level of and changes in interest rates (including 
changes in the difference between the levels of prevailing short term and long term rates) can affect the 
Generali Group’s life insurance, banking and assets management results and interest payable on debt. In 
particular, interest rates can affect the availability of disposable income for investment in life assurance 
and other savings products, asset values, levels of bad debts, levels of investment income gains and 
losses on investments, funding costs and interest margins. Whilst interest rates increase the margin 
spread potential for the banking business, they are also likely to result in a decrease in fixed income 
asset values for life insurance companies. Generally, the impact of rising interest rates on the Group’s 
asset management business is driven by the change in value of funds under management. 
Fluctuations in interest rates (and returns from equity markets) also have an impact on consumer 
behaviour, especially in the Group’s life and asset accumulation businesses, where demand for fixed 
income products may decline when interest rates fall and equity markets are performing well. Consumer 
demand for the Group’s general insurance products, particularly commercial lines, can also vary with the

--- Page 22 ---
A47398444 
22 
 
overall level of economic activity. See further “Financial Risk and Credit Risk – Financial Risk” (pages 
153-154) in Part D (Risk Profile) of the Risk Report contained in the Management Report of the 2021 
Annual Integrated Report and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Generali Group, incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Financial results may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates 
The Generali Group presents its consolidated financial statements in Euro but a substantial proportion of 
its operations are accounted for in currencies other than Euro principally the Swiss franc, the Czech 
crown and the US dollar. As a result of the accounting for operations in currencies other than Euro, 
fluctuations in the relevant value of the Euro to the Swiss franc, the US dollar, the Czech crown and 
other currencies could be significant because, amongst other things, these fluctuations could cause the 
Generali Group’s earnings to fluctuate and affect the comparability between results in one financial 
period and those in the preceding financial period. See further “Financial Risk and Credit Risk – 
Financial Risk” (pages 153-154) in Part D (Risk Profile) of the Risk Report contained in the 
Management Report of the 2021 Annual Integrated Report and Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Generali Group, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Generali Group is subject to credit risk 
The Generali Group is subject to counterparty risk in relation to third parties. A failure by its 
counterparties to meet their obligations could have a material impact on its financial position. Moreover, 
the Generali Group is exposed to credit risk arising from changes in value of its holdings of fixed 
income instruments and other investments. 
Additionally, the Generali Group’s general insurance businesses has substantial exposure to reinsurers 
through reinsurance arrangements. With regards to its life assurance business, the Generali Group mostly 
acts as an internal reinsurer of its subsidiaries, with the aim of pooling risks and, consequently, 
mitigating local credit counterparty risk. Under such arrangements, other insurers assume a portion of 
the costs, losses and expenses associated with policy claims and maturities and reported and unreported 
losses in exchange for a portion of policy premiums. The availability, amount and cost of reinsurance 
depend on general market conditions and may vary significantly year on year. Any decrease in the 
amount of reinsurance cover purchased will increase the Generali Group’s risk of loss. When 
reinsurance is obtained, the Generali Group is still liable for those transferred risks if the reinsurer does 
not meet its obligations. Therefore, the inability or failure of reinsurers to meet their financial 
obligations and any development that could, directly or indirectly, affect their ability to perform 
(including any deterioration in their creditworthiness) could materially affect the Generali Group’s 
operations and financial condition. 
A default by an institution or even concerns as to its creditworthiness could lead to significant liquidity 
problems, losses or defaults by other institutions because the stability of many financial institutions may 
be closely linked to credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. This risk may 
adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities 
firms and exchanges with which the Generali Group interacts on a daily basis and therefore could 
adversely affect the Generali Group. See further “Financial Risk and Credit Risk – Credit Risk” (page 
154) in Part D (Risk Profile) of the Risk Report contained in the Management Report of the 2021 Annual 
Integrated Report and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Generali Group, incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 23 ---
A47398444 
23 
 
2. 
Insurance risk 
Financial results may be affected by insurance risk 
Underwriting performance, for both the life and non-life businesses, represents an important part of the 
Generali Group’s overall profitability and fluctuations in the frequency and severity of insurance claims 
can have a material effect on the consolidated results of operations. In addition, any adverse changes in 
the rate of claims inflation or in the cost of reinsurance protection could have a material adverse effect 
on the Generali Group’s consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Changes 
in these factors can be very difficult to predict. See further “Life Underwriting Risk” and “Non-Life 
Underwriting Risk” (pages 149-152) in Part D (Risk Profile) of the Risk Report contained in the 
Management Report of the 2021 Annual Integrated Report and Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Generali Group, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
3. 
Operational and liquidity risks 
The Generali Group is subject to operational risk 
The Generali Group, like all financial services groups, is exposed to many types of operational risk. 
Solvency II defines operational risk as the risk of loss, arising from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, personnel or systems, or from external events. 
The operational risk also includes financial reporting risk (being the risk of a transaction error, which 
could entail an untrue and incorrect representation of the situation of the assets, liabilities, profit and loss 
in the financial statements) and compliance risk (defined as the risk of legal and regulatory sanctions). In 
addition to the material financial losses, considerations are also made regarding potential reputational 
and strategic impacts, usually indirect consequence of operational risks (e.g. reputational damage that 
Assicurazioni Generali may suffer as a result of not complying with laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions applicable to its business). The main operational risks may derive from internal fraud, 
external fraud (including cyber-attack), employment practices, clients and products, damage to physical 
assets, business disruption and system failure, execution and process management. The Group has 
established specialised units with the scope of dealing with specific threats (e.g. cyber risk, fraud, 
financial reporting risk) that work in close collaboration with the Risk Management Function at Group 
level. 
The Generali Group's systems and processes are designed to ensure that the operational risks (and 
related adverse effects) associated with the Generali Group's activities are appropriately monitored, 
contained and mitigated. Any failure or weakness in these systems or processes, or the occurrence of 
certain unforeseeable events, wholly or partly out of the Generali Group’s control, however, could 
adversely affect the Generali Group's operating results, financial performance and business activities, as 
well as its reputation. See further “Operational Risk” (page 155) in Part D (Risk Profile) of the Risk 
Report contained in the Management Report of the 2021 Annual Integrated Report and Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Generali Group, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Generali Group is subject to liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the uncertainty, arising from business operations, investment or financing 
activities, over the ability of the Group and its legal entities to meet payment obligations in a full and 
timely manner, in a current or stressed environment. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk from its 
insurance and reinsurance operating activity, due to the potential mismatches between the cash inflows 
and the cash outflows deriving from the business. Liquidity risk can also stem from investing activity, 
due to potential liquidity gaps deriving from the management of the asset portfolio as well as from a 
potentially insufficient level of liquidity in case of disposals (e.g. capacity to sell adequate amounts at a

--- Page 24 ---
A47398444 
24 
 
fair price and within a reasonable timeframe). Liquidity risk from financing activity is related to the 
potential difficulties in accessing external funding or in paying excessive financing costs. The Group can 
also be exposed to liquidity outflows related to issued guarantees, commitments, derivative contract 
margin calls or regulatory constraints. Inability by the Group to accurately measure, monitor and manage 
its liquidity risk could adversely affect the Group’s operating results and financial condition. See further 
“Other Material Risks - Liquidity Risk” (page 156) in Part D (Risk Profile) of the Risk Report contained 
in the Management Report of the 2021 Annual Integrated Report and Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Generali Group, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
Regulatory related risks 
Regulatory compliance and regulatory changes 
The Generali Group’s insurance, asset management and banking subsidiaries are subject to government 
regulation in the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. Regulatory agencies – in particular, the 
Italian insurance authority IVASS (in the case of the Generali Group’s insurance activities) – have broad 
jurisdiction over many aspects of these businesses, which may include capital adequacy, premium rates, 
marketing and selling practices, advertising, licensing agents, policy forms, terms of business and 
permitted investments. 
In the European Union, risk-based capital requirements have been introduced pursuant to Directive 
2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2009 on the taking-up and 
pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance (Solvency II) (the “Solvency II Directive”). The 
Solvency II framework – which has introduced new requirements as to own funds, the calculation of 
technical provisions, valuation of assets and liabilities, governance structure, regulatory reporting and 
disclosure as well as governance of insurance companies – became effective on 1 January 2016. In Italy, 
the Solvency II Directive was incorporated into national law by Legislative Decree No. 74 of 12 May 
2015, which amended and supplemented Legislative Decree No 209 of 7 September 2005 (the “Italian 
Code of Private Insurance”) and by IVASS implementing regulations. 
The Solvency II Directive, together with the accompanying level 2 implementing measures, such as 
Commission Delegated Regulation 2015/35 (as amended, the “Delegated Regulation”), as well as level 
2.5 Commission implementing regulations laying down implementing technical standards and associated 
level 3 guidelines developed by the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority 
(“EIOPA”), create a stricter and more comprehensive regulatory framework (compared to the previous 
supervisory and solvency regime) for insurance and reinsurance undertakings within the European 
Union. In several cases, the solvency capital requirements for insurance and reinsurance undertakings 
increase as opposed to the previous solvency regime, and capital ratios have become more volatile in 
general.  
The Solvency II framework has been the subject of recent and on-going review by the European 
Commission and EIOPA. In particular, amendments have been introduced by Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/981 of 8 March 2019 which, building on the technical advice received from 
EIOPA, are intended to enhance the proportionality of the Solvency II framework and its consistency 
with other EU financial legislation, improve the risk sensitivity of the solvency capital requirement 
(SCR) standard formula, remove unjustified constraints on the financing of the economy and increase 
transparency and reliability. With specific reference to Tier 2 and Tier 3 basic own-fund items in 
particular, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/981 of 8 March 2019 has amended Article 73 
(Tier 2 Basic own-funds – Features determining classification) and Article 77 (Tier 3 Basic own-funds –
Features determining classification) of Commission Delegated Regulation 2015/35 to allow for 
repayment and redemption before 5 years for tax and regulatory reasons, subject to satisfaction of

--- Page 25 ---
A47398444 
25 
 
specific conditions as further set out in Condition 10.7 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to fifth 
anniversary from Issue Date) of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions.   
Further modifications are expected as part of the comprehensive Solvency II review, in connection with 
which the European Commission issued a formal call for advice to EIOPA in February 2019 (the “Call 
for Advice”) and EIOPA published its opinion on 17 December 2020 setting out a number of key 
proposals. Following up on the EIOPA opinion, on 22 September 2021, the European Commission 
published its comprehensive package of proposals and related documentation regarding the Solvency II 
review (the “Review Package”). The package consists of a legislative proposal to amend the Solvency II 
Directive, with amendments entailing (inter alia): 
- 
changes to the long-term guarantee measures to improve risk sensitivity and better mitigate undue 
volatility; 
- 
making prudential rules more proportional by allowing smaller insurers to be exempted from 
Solvency II rules and by creating a more suitable framework for insurers with low risk profile; 
- 
refining rules on transparency to better adapt disclosures required from (re)insurers to the 
information needed by recipients; 
- 
improving the quality of supervision in relation to ongoing compliance with prudential rules, cross-
border (re)insurance business and (re)insurance groups;  
- 
introducing new requirements on long-term climate change scenario analysis;  
- 
introducing new requirements for insurers to develop liquidity risk indicators in order to monitor 
liquidity risk; and 
- 
reviewing the assessment of the consolidated group Solvency Capital Requirement for groups in 
order to include insurance holding companies and mixed financial holding companies within the 
overall framework.   
In addition, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/1256 of 21 April 2021 amends the Delegated Regulation, 
applying from 2 August 2022, as regards the integration of sustainability risks in the governance of 
insurance and reinsurance undertakings. 
The European Commission has stated that it intends to introduce delegated acts to supplement the 
amendments to the Solvency II Directive, including on topics such as long-term equity investments, risk 
margin, volatility adjustment, matching adjustment, diversification benefits, extrapolation, capital 
requirement for interest rate risk, further recognition of risk-mitigation techniques within the standard 
formula, effect of state aid compatible guarantees/reinsurance, mortgage loans and sustainable finance 
requirements.  
The Review Package includes also a legislative proposal for a new Insurance Recovery and Resolution 
Directive (“IRRD”), which sets out the recovery and resolution regime for insurers and reinsurers. This 
proposal lays out a comprehensive set of measures, which aim to ensure that: 
- 
national resolution authorities are designated in each Member State; 
- 
preventive tools and powers, complementary to the existing Solvency II intervention ladder, are 
clarified in order to ensure that national supervisory authorities are able to deal in an efficient 
manner with deteriorating financial positions or breaches of regulatory requirements of (re)insurers 
without introducing any new intervention threshold;

--- Page 26 ---
A47398444 
26 
 
- 
(re)insurers and national supervisory and resolution authorities are adequately prepared for any 
crisis; 
- 
national resolution authorities have harmonised resolution tools and powers to take rapid and 
effective action when an (re)insurer’s failure cannot be avoided; 
- 
national resolution authorities cooperate effectively across borders, including with third country 
authorities. 
Under the proposed IRRD, an (re)insurer will become subject to resolution when (i) it breaches or is 
likely to breach its Minimum Capital Requirement or is likely to be balance-sheet or cash-flow 
insolvent; (ii) all other intervention measures (such as the preventive measures set out in the IRRD or 
other recovery measures under the Solvency II Directive) or private sector measures have been 
exhausted; and (iii) winding-up the undertaking under normal insolvency proceedings would risk 
prolonged financial instability or a worse outcome for policyholders. The resolution tools under proposal 
in the proposed IRRD include: 
- 
write-down or conversion of capital instruments, debt instruments and other eligible liabilities 
(bail-in);  
- 
solvent run-off (whereby the authorisation of a (re)insurer to conclude new insurance or 
reinsurance contracts is withdrawn in order to limit its activity to the administration of its existing 
portfolio, thereby maximising the coverage of insurance claims by existing assets); 
- 
sale of business, whereby all or parts of an (re)insurer’s business can be sold on commercial terms, 
without complying with procedural requirements that would otherwise apply; 
- 
bridge undertaking, whereby all or part of an (re)insurer’s business can be transferred to a publicly 
controlled entity that will be eventually sold to a private purchaser when market conditions are 
appropriate; and 
- 
asset and liability separation, a tool to be used in conjunction with another resolution tool, whereby 
impaired or problem assets and/or liabilities can be transferred to a management vehicle to allow 
them to be managed and worked out over time. 
The changes to be introduced under the proposed IRRD are far reaching. If the bail-in powers proposed 
in the draft IRRD are enacted and if the Issuer or the Generali Group were to be subject to resolution, the 
exercise of the bail-in power in respect of Notes issued under the Programme could adversely affect the 
rights of the Noteholders and result in the loss of their entire investment in the Notes.  
The next step is for the European Parliament and the Member States in the Council to negotiate the final 
legislative texts on the basis of the Review Package. At the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not known 
when these negotiations will conclude, and there can be no guarantee that the final version of the IRRD 
and of the Solvency II Directive amendments approved and implemented will remain substantially the 
same as the text of the proposals published in the Review Package. 
Accordingly, it is not possible to foresee exactly how, or when, the key proposals of the Review Package 
will translate into changes to the current framework and their precise impact on Assicurazioni Generali 
and other insurance undertakings in Europe, and on regulatory capital instruments issued by 
Assicurazioni Generali (including Notes issued under the Programme upon their issuance). 
Other possible reviews in the future may result in other modifications to the Solvency II framework, 
including adjustments to methods, assumptions and parameters, changes in policy options, more 
stringent capital requirements and/or decrease in available capital, some of which modifications may

--- Page 27 ---
A47398444 
27 
 
lead to increased burdens in terms of compliance and costs. In particular, there is a risk that instruments 
issued, and to be issued, by Assicurazioni Generali or the Generali Group will no longer be (fully or 
partly) eligible as own funds and/or will not be sufficient to comply with the capital requirements from 
time to time required under Solvency II or otherwise. In such cases, the Issuer might have to refinance 
existing debt or raise additional capital as own funds. There is a risk that refinancing existing debt or 
raising additional capital would be expensive, difficult or impossible on adequate terms, with 
consequential potential negative effects on the Generali Group’s capital adequacy, business and/or 
financial condition. The risk of any sudden, material adverse impact on the Generali Group is likely to 
be addressed in the context of the continuous dialogue with IVASS, both on an on-going basis and as part 
of the process when applying for IVASS’ approval for the redemption and, where required, issuance of 
subordinated instruments, with a view to mitigating any possible effect. 
The Generali Group uses its Partial Internal Model (PIM), which has been approved by IVASS for the 
calculation of its capital requirements to better reflect its risk profile. Following the IVASS authorisation 
received in December 2020 for the extension to operational risks, the Generali Group’s PIM covers all 
quantifiable risks of the Generali Group. See further the paragraph headed “Group Partial Internal 
Model (Group PIM)” (pages 148-149) in Part C (Solvency Position) of the Risk Report contained in the 
Management Report of the 2021 Annual Integrated Report and Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Generali Group, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The solvency ratio is calculated with 
the Internal Model (IM) for the Generali Group legal entities for which authorisation has been granted, 
while other insurance entities adopt the standard formula. Solvency II requires insurance undertakings to 
continue to satisfy a number of post-approval requirements. In case of non-compliance with these 
requirements provoking material effects, the supervisory authorities may require insurance undertakings 
to revert to calculating their Solvency Capital Requirement in accordance with the standard formula. The 
Review Package furthermore contains amending provisions to require undertakings using an internal 
model to report regularly to the supervisors an estimation of the Solvency Capital Requirement 
calculated with the standard formula. 
Furthermore, the Generali Group activated an IMAP (Internal Model Approval Process) procedure in 
2021 with the aim of including a minor legal entity in Germany within the Internal Model. The scope of 
application of the Internal Model has been extended to include also this entity (counterbalanced by the 
impact of local model changes) towards the end of 2021 after all necessary approvals from the college of 
supervisors have been obtained, with a limited impact in terms of Solvency Capital Requirement as well 
as Solvency Ratio.  
More broadly, recent turmoil in the financial markets has resulted in significant regulatory changes 
affecting financial institutions, including insurance and reinsurance undertakings, as well as reforms and 
new regulatory actions aimed at addressing the issue of systemic risk and the perceived gaps in the 
regulatory framework viewed to have contributed to the financial crisis. Initiatives aimed at crisis 
prevention and facilitating the resolution of failing institutions include the publication by the Financial 
Stability Board (“FSB”) in November 2011 of “Key Attributes of Effective Resolution Regimes for 
Financial Institutions”, supplemented first in October 2014 and then in June 2016 with additional 
guidance - applicable to systematically important insurances - on how these key attributes should be 
applied to the insurance sector, and the on-going development of recovery and resolutions standards by 
the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (“IAIS”, which is among others a member of the 
FSB). In Europe, in addition to the recently published legislative proposal for the IRRD described 
above, there have been discussions on the harmonisation of national insurance guarantee schemes 
(“IGSs”). Although the European Commission has communicated - when publishing the Review 
Package – its conclusion that action to align rules for IGSs is not appropriate at this juncture, the

--- Page 28 ---
A47398444 
28 
 
European Commission has confirmed that it is committed to reassessing the appropriateness and timing 
of alignment in the future.  
Other regulatory initiatives, including increasing regulatory and law enforcement scrutiny by EU and its 
member countries on anti-money laundering (such as the Anti-Money Laundering Directive – see “The 
entry into force at national level of the Anti-Money Laundering Directive could adversely affect Generali 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial conditions” below), counterterrorist-financing and 
international sanctions requirements, directives concerning corruption, insider trading, market abuses, 
ICT management and resiliance, data protection (such as the General Data Protection Regulation – see 
“The application of the General Data Protection Regulation could adversely affect Generali Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial conditions” below) and protection for retail investors (such 
as the PRIIPs Regulation – see “The application of the EU Regulation on key information documents for 
packaged retail and insurance-based investment products could adversely affect Generali Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial conditions” below and any subsequent IVASS regulation on 
this topic) and more stringent regulatory requirements as well as legislation concerning the asset 
management and insurance industries (such as the Insurance Distribution Directive) as a whole, could 
increase the cost of doing business or affect the competitive balance in general. The evolving EU 
regulatory framework on sustainable finance - such as the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2019/2088), in relation to which the level 2 measures are expected to be implemented 
by 1 January 2023, which introduces new obligations as regards the disclosure of sustainability related 
information with respect to investment services provided and financial products offered to clients, and 
the Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) which supplements the Non-Financial Reporting 
Directive by stipulating additional disclosure obligations – is progressively imposing additional 
compliance obligations on (re)insurance undertakings in Europe, including the Generali Group. 
Regulatory scrutiny and proceedings as a result of non-compliance with applicable regulations or failure 
to undertake corrective action could result in adverse publicity for, or negative perceptions regarding, the 
regulated entity, as well as diverting management’s attention away from the day-to-day management of 
the business. A significant regulatory action against a member of the Generali Group could have a 
material adverse effect on the business of the Generali Group, its results of operations and/or financial 
condition. In addition, changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory interpretation applying to 
the financial services industry in the markets in which the Generali Group operates may adversely affect 
its product range, distribution channels, capital requirements and, consequently, its results and financing 
requirements. These changes, which may occur at any time, include possible changes in government 
pension requirements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency requirements. 
Supervisory requirements and policy measures developed by the IAIS may increase capital 
requirements and impose a more stringent level of regulatory scrutiny 
The IAIS has developed three tiers of supervisory requirements and actions applicable to the insurance 
industry. These include: 
- 
Insurance Core Principles (“ICPs”) that are intended to apply to the supervision of all insurers 
and insurance groups, regardless of size, complexity or systemic importance; and 
- 
a common framework (“ComFrame”) for the supervision of internationally active insurance 
groups (“IAIGs”). The ComFrame aims to introduce a risk based, global insurance capital 
standard (the Insurance Capital Standard, “ICS”) applying to IAIGs, to be enforced by national 
regulators. 
The IAIS formally adopted ComFrame and ICS Version 2.0 in November 2019. Implementation of ICS 
Version 2.0 will be conducted in two phases: firstly, ICS Version 2.0 will be used for confidential 
reporting to group-wide supervisors and discussion in supervisory colleges during a “monitoring period”

--- Page 29 ---
A47398444 
29 
 
that will last for five years (2020-2024). The ICS will not be used as a prescribed capital requirement in 
this phase; secondly, ICS will be implemented as a group-wide prescribed capital requirement. 
Assicurazioni Generali’s status as an IAIG will result in enhanced supervision and regulation under the 
ComFrame.  
The IAIS has furthermore adopted the holistic framework for assessment and mitigation of systemic risk 
in the insurance sector, for implementation from the beginning of 2020. The framework consists of an 
enhanced set of supervisory policy measures and powers of intervention, an annual IAIS global 
monitoring exercise, and collective discussion on the outcomes and appropriate supervisory responses, 
along with a robust implementation assessment.  The holistic framework provides for certain elements of 
the policy measures developed by the IAIS for Global Systematically Important Insurers (“G-SIIs”) to 
be integrated into the revised ICPs and ComFrame material and potentially applied, subject to the 
proportionality principle, to a larger set of insurers than those insurers that have been identified as G-
SIIs in the past. Designation of G-SIIs by the FSB has been suspended as from the beginning of 2020, 
subject to review in November 2022 by the FSB in consultation with the IAIS and national authorities. 
Assicurazioni Generali was designated as a G-SII in FSB’s 2013 and 2014 assessments, and future 
policy changes in this area could potentially affect the Group. 
These and other measures and policies adopted by the IAIS from time to time could have a significant 
effect on the Generali Group’s business, financial condition (including the recognition of capital 
instruments issued by the Issuer as Tier 2 capital resources (including Tier 2 Notes issued under the 
Programme) or Tier 1 capital resources) or results of operations, and impact the Generali Group’s capital 
requirements and its competitive position vis-à-vis other insurance groups that are not subject to these 
more stringent policy measures. 
The application of the General Data Protection Regulation could adversely affect Generali 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial conditions 
The General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation No. 2016/679; the “GDPR”) repealed the Data 
Protection Directive (95/46/EC) and is aimed at providing a consistent and harmonised regulatory 
framework for the processing of personal data within the European Union. The GDPR was adopted in 
2016 and has applied since 25 May 2018. The Italian government approved Legislative Decree No. 101 
of 10 August 2018 for the purpose of harmonizing the existing legal framework with the new GDPR 
provisions and implementing those requirements addressed to Member States. The GDPR applies 
whenever personal data (i.e., any information directly or indirectly related to an identified or identifiable 
natural person) is processed within the European Union and, additionally, where personal data is 
processed outside the European Union in relation to: (i) the offer of goods or services to individuals in 
the European Union, or (ii) the monitoring of behaviour if taken place within the European Union; 
therefore, the GDPR applies even to organisations processing personal data in the European Union even 
if they have no presence within the EU. 
Broadly, the GDPR regulation covers the following areas: (i) a single regulation across the EU; (ii) 
increased enforcement powers for the data protection Authorities with the ability to impose fines of up to 
4% of global annual turnover (or up to 2% for breach of certain provisions); (iii) the introduction of a 
new EU-wide advisory body, the European Data Protection Board, replacing the Article 29 of the Data 
Protection Directive (95/46/EC) Working Party; (iv) a single lead supervisory Authority for handling 
issues connected with data processing operations performed in multiple jurisdictions of the EU; (v) the 
introduction of new principles, such as the principle of accountability; (vi) the obligation, under certain 
circumstances, to appoint an independent Data Protection Officer; (vii) new rights for individuals,

--- Page 30 ---
A47398444 
30 
 
including the “right to be forgotten” and the right to data portability; and (viii) provisions for mandatory 
data breach notification to the Supervisory Authorities and, in certain cases, the affected individuals. 
The changes introduced by the GDPR (and any future integrations and amendments) have important 
impacts on Generali Group as well as the European insurance market in general, as a result of, inter alia, 
an increase in compliance costs and obligations. 
The transposition of the Insurance Distribution Directive could adversely affect Generali 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial conditions 
The Insurance Distribution Directive ((EU) 2016/97) (“IDD”), which is the recast of Directive 
2002/92/EC, as amended or superseded (the Insurance Mediation Directive, “IMD”), was adopted by 
the European Parliament and the Council on 20 January 2016 and was incorporated into Italian law by 
Legislative Decree No. 68 of 21 May 2018, which amended and supplemented the Italian Code of 
Private Insurance and Legislative Decree No. 58/1998. 
Broadly, the IDD which is a minimum harmonisation directive, introduced, inter alia, the following 
changes: (i) extended scope to cover the distribution of insurance and reinsurance products, whether 
directly by an insurance undertaking or indirectly by an insurance intermediary or, provided that a 
number of conditions are met, an ancillary insurance intermediary; (ii) more stringent disclosure and 
transparency requirements, including information on remuneration and introduction of a standardised 
information document for non-life insurance products (the Insurance Product Information Document, 
“IPID”); (iii) introduction by Member States of rules to ensure that distributors are not remunerated and 
do not remunerate or assess the performance of their employees in a way that conflicts with the duty to 
act in the best interests of customers; (iv) enhanced professional knowledge and competence 
requirements for persons involved in distribution activities; (v) introduction of new rules on product 
oversight and governance; (vi) information requirements on cross-selling and bundling; and (vii) 
additional specific disclosure and transparency requirements and conduct of business rules (including 
rules on conflicts of interests; inducements; assessment of suitability and appropriateness;  and rules 
applicable to non-complex insurance products) for insurance-based investment products. 
Certain elements of the IDD have been further specified in two delegated regulations adopted by the 
European Commission on 21 September 2017, namely, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2017/2358 of 21 September 2017 supplementing IDD with regard to product oversight and governance 
requirements for insurance undertakings and insurance distributors and Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2359 of 21 September 2017, supplementing IDD with regard to information 
requirements and conduct of business rules applicable to the distribution of insurance–based investments 
products (the “IDD Delegated Regulations”). The IDD Delegated Regulations are supplemented by 
related guidelines, technical advices and measures, such as Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 
2017/1469 of 11 August 2017 laying down a standardized presentation format for the IPID, EIOPA’s 
October 2017 “Guidelines on insurance-based investment products that incorporate a structure which 
makes it difficult for the customer to understand the risks involved” (complex insurance products) and 
its Technical Advice of April 2019 concerning the integration of sustainability risks and factors in 
investment decision and insurance distribution processes as well as measures from IVASS in 
implementation of the IDD, such as the recently adopted IVASS Regulation no. 45 of 4 August 2020. 
The changes introduced by the IDD (and any future integrations and amendments) are likely to have a 
significant effect on Generali Group as well as the European insurance market, including, inter alia, 
increase of costs, compliance obligations regarding distribution requirements, information disclosure 
and business practices, and an impact on distribution channels.

--- Page 31 ---
A47398444 
31 
 
The application of the EU Regulation on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products could adversely affect Generali Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial conditions 
The EU Regulation No. 1286/2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-
based investment products (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) is aimed at providing a consistent 
regulatory framework for ensuring that retail investors are provided with standard information included 
under a dedicated key information document (“KID”) whose format and standard has been harmonised 
in order to enable retail investors to understand and compare the key features and risks of the PRIIPs. 
The PRIIPs Regulation, as supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/653 laying 
down regulatory technical standards with regard to the presentation, content, review and revision of key 
information documents and the conditions for fulfilling the requirement to provide such documents, was 
directly applicable in all EU Member States as of 1 January 2018, save for UCITS and relevant non-
UCITS funds who are exempted from application until 31 December 2021. Guidelines and clarifications 
have been published by the European Commission and the European Supervisory Authorities (“ESAs”) 
in order to promote common supervisory approaches and practices in the implementation of the KID.  
Broadly, the key information to be included under the KID which will require specific attention and, 
possibly, the implementation of calculating models or dedicated processes are the followings: (i) the 
summary risk indicator, aimed at expressing in a short and easily comprehensible way the level of risk 
associated with the product; (ii) the possible maximum loss of invested capital and the appropriate 
performance scenarios together with the connected assumptions, functional to understand the possible 
return of the product; (iii) the direct and indirect costs associated with the product including, to allow 
comparability, the total aggregate costs; (iv) the holding period, including an indication of the 
recommended and, where applicable, the required minimum holding period. Specific issues may arise in 
connection with the drafting of the KID for multi-option products considering their peculiar structure 
which imply that information to be considered may also refer to a very large number of underlying 
options.  
The rules introduced by the PRIIPs framework (and potential modifications thereto following on-going 
and future consultation processes) are likely to have a significant effect on Generali Group as well as the 
European insurance market in general. Specifically, the KID and relating requirements affect the manner 
in which the Group conducts its businesses involving packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products, and will likely result in more stringent selling practices and increase in compliance costs and 
obligations. 
Risk related to non-compliance with the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism 
Financing laws and regulations 
Directive (EU) 2018/843 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 May 2018 on the 
prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing 
(“5AMLD”) has further amended the Fourth Anti-Money Laundering Directive (2015/849/EU) 
(“4AMLD”) which introduced increased enforcement powers for supervisory authorities with the ability 
to impose fines on financial institutions up to 10% of total annual consolidated turnover. The 5AMLD 
has been implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 125 of 4 October 2019, which came into effect 
on 10 October 2019 and amended in several significant ways certain elements of the 4AMLD, including 
in relation to the following areas: (i) wider scope of regulation; (ii) increased responsibility for the 
ultimate parent company of financial groups; (iii) broader access and establishment of a centralised 
national register of beneficial owners information; and (iv) enhanced due diligence for high-risk third 
countries. Furthermore, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/578 of 31 January 2019 
supplementing the 4AMLD introduced further limitation to European financial groups operating in third

--- Page 32 ---
A47398444 
32 
 
countries whose law does not permit the implementation of group-wide policies and procedures of the 
4AMLD, by requiring additional measures to mitigate money laundering and terrorist financing risks at 
the level of branches/subsidiaries of the group established in such third countries. 
The changes introduced by the 4AMLD, as amended by the 5AMLD, and by the Italian implementing 
legislation are likely to have a significant impact on Assicurazioni Generali as well as the European 
insurance market in general, as a result of the more stringent requirements that will lead to increased 
costs of compliance. 
Recent money laundering scandals following the implementation of the 5AMLD, involving mostly 
European credit institutions, have highlighted the urgent need for additional actions at EU level to 
enhance the effectiveness of the global fight against money laundering and terrorism financing. In 
response to these events and in line with the more general objective of a broader “European integration”, 
the European Commission presented on 7 May 2020 an “Action Plan” for an integrated Union policy 
relating to anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism (“AML/CFT”), articulated 
on “six pillars”. In this respect, four legislative proposals have been defined (the so-called “single rule 
book”) and published on 20 July 2021 by the European Commission that are expected to enter into force 
by three years from the publication:  
 
a new regulation on AML/CFT, encompassing directly applicable AML/CFT rules, including a 
revised EU list of entities subject to AML/CFT rules (known as Obliged Entities), with the 
objective of addressing the fragmented implementation and application of EU AML/CFT rules; 
 
a regulation establishing a new EU AML/CFT Authority (“AMLA”) in the form of a decentralized 
EU regulatory agency;  
 
a sixth Directive on AML/CFT (“6AMLD”), replacing the existing 4AMLD as amended by 
5AMLD; and  
 
a recast of the 2015 Regulation on Transfers of Funds (Regulation (EU) 2015/847) expanding 
traceability requirements to transfers of crypto-assets done by crypto-assets service providers.  
The Generali Group is fully committed to the highest standards of AML/CFT, including the prevention, 
suppression and disruption of proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and its financing. Internal 
rules and regulations have been implemented by the Group aimed at: 
- 
preventing all Group Entities from being misused for money laundering (“ML”) and terrorism 
financing (“TF”) purposes (including the prevention from being misused for the financing of 
the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction), by establishing and keeping updated a robust 
global framework with common group-wide standards;  
- 
protecting the Group and its employees against any corporate or personal liability arising under 
AML/CFT laws and regulations; and 
- 
protecting the reputation and brand of the Generali Group by minimising ML and TF risks. 
Risks related to international sanctions with regard to sanctioned countries and to investigations 
and/or proceedings by the competent authorities 
Assicurazioni Generali and the Group as a whole are firmly committed to compliance with relevant 
international financial and trade sanctions’ legal and regulatory requirements in jurisdictions in which 
they operate. In accordance with such sanction regimes, Assicurazioni Generali and the relevant Group 
companies must comply with financial or economic sanctions imposed by, inter alia, the United States of 
America, the European Union and the United Nations on certain countries (the “Relevant Sanctioned

--- Page 33 ---
A47398444 
33 
 
Countries”) and on certain persons, in each case, to the extent applicable to, and does not otherwise 
result in a violation by, Assicurazioni Generali or the relevant Group company, of legislation of 
mandatory application such as Council Regulation (EC) No. 2271/96 (the “EU Blocking Regulation”) 
and implementing acts thereof. Sanctions imposed by different jurisdictions may vary in scope and, in 
certain cases such as sanctions imposed by the United States, have extra-territorial application. 
Applicable sanction regimes, in particular sanctions imposed by the United States, are subject to changes 
(for example, revoking u-turn transactions with a sanctioned country, reinforcing sanctions on specific 
regimes) that are difficult to predict and may limit the ability of Assicurazioni Generali and the Group to 
continue to transact and conduct business with certain clients or to maintain commercial relationships 
with specific counterparties, if sanctioned, and/or counterparties that are located in Relevant Sanctioned 
Countries. Failure to comply with applicable sanctions laws would not only constitute a breach of the 
relevant legal and/or regulatory requirements, but could also potentially result in significant reputational, 
financial and criminal damages to the Group companies, directors and senior management. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Assicurazioni Generali and the Group have limited commercial 
relationships with certain counterparties connected to Relevant Sanctioned Countries which are 
constantly monitored by Assicurazioni Generali internally and are in any case conducted in compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations. See also risk factor “Risks associated with exposure to Russia” 
below. 
5. 
Internal control risk and other business risks 
Risk management policies, procedures and methods may leave the Generali Group exposed to 
unidentified or unanticipated risks 
The Generali Group has devoted significant resources to developing policies, procedures and assessment 
methods to manage market, credit, liquidity and operating risks and intends to continue to do so in the 
future. See further Part B (Group Risk Management System) (pages 141-143) of the Risk Report in the 
Management Report of the 2021 Annual Integrated Report and Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Generali Group, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Nonetheless, the Generali Group’s 
risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in 
all market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the Generali Group fails to 
identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe that the Generali Group’s risk 
management policies and procedures are inadequate, the Issuer’s revenues and profits may be negatively 
affected.  
The Generali Group is subject to reputational risk 
Reputational risk refers to potential losses arising from deterioration or a negative perception of the 
Generali Group among its customers and stakeholders. Within the Group’s Reputational Risk Guideline, 
reputational risks are mostly considered second order risks, directly referring to Environmental, Social 
and Governance related transactions or consequent to operational risks. The occurrence of any of the 
foregoing could damage the Group’s brands and reputation, lead to negative publicity and increased 
scrutiny by regulators as well as adversely impact perception of the Group by the market, rating 
agencies, customers, media and other stakeholders. These could, in turn, have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s performance, financial condition and prospects. See further “Other Material Risks – 
Reputational, Emerging and ESG Risk” (page 157) in Part D (Risk Profile) of the Risk Report contained 
in the Management Report of the 2021 Annual Integrated Report and Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Generali Group, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
A47398444 
34 
 
The Generali Group may be affected by increased competition 
The Italian insurance market has experienced significant changes in recent years due to the introduction 
of several laws and regulations as a result of the implementation of a number of insurance directives 
issued by the European Union (EU). As a result, direct marketing of non-life and life insurance may be 
carried out on a cross-border basis and therefore for insurance companies it is much easier to operate 
outside their home state. The development of a single European market together with the reduction of 
regulatory restrictions is also facilitating the growth of new distribution systems, partially replacing the 
traditional reliance on insurance intermediaries such as agents. Changes in the regulatory regime and 
consolidation in the insurance industry have also increased (and will likely increase) competitive 
pressure on insurance companies in the Italian market in general and in other markets in which the 
Group operates. There is no assurance that the Generali Group will be always able to compete 
successfully in the future against existing or potential competitors or that the Generali Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased competition. 
As primarily a holding company, Assicurazioni Generali depends on the earnings and cash flows 
of its operating subsidiaries, which may not be sufficient to meet its debt service obligations 
As primarily a holding company, Assicurazioni Generali is dependent on the earnings and cash flows of, 
and dividends and distributions from, its operating subsidiaries to pay expenses and to meet its debt 
service obligations including the payment of interests and repayment of principal on Notes issued under 
the Programme. Significant cash or cash equivalent balances may be held from time to time at 
Assicurazioni Generali’s operating subsidiaries. Some of these operating subsidiaries will also have debt 
outstanding or may be subject to acquisition agreements that impose restrictions on such operating 
subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends, but these restrictions are not expected to be significant in the 
context of Assicurazioni Generali’s overall liquidity. If earnings and cash flows of its operating 
subsidiaries are substantially reduced, Assicurazioni Generali may not be in a position to meet its 
operational needs or to meet interest payment or principal redemption obligations in respect of Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
Risks associated with the Group’s exposure to Russia 
Sanctions were imposed by the United States, the European Union and Canada against Russian 
Federation, Russian entities or Russian individuals in 2014. In 2017 the U.S. Countering America’s 
Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (CAATSA) introduced new financial sanctions targeting a wide 
range of Russian activity and requested the United States Administration to evaluate the introduction of 
sanctions on “senior political figures and oligarchs in the Russian Federation”. On 6 April 2018, US 
Treasury designated on the SDNs list Russian oligarchs, officials and entities including, among others, 
Oleg Deripaska, who is a minority shareholder of the Russian insurer Ingosstrakh, in which 
Assicurazioni Generali has an investment stake of 38.5%. Following the start of the war in Ukraine in 
February 2022, governments in the United States, European Union, United Kingdom, and many other 
countries imposed economic sanctions on certain Russian individuals, politicians, Russian corporate 
entities and banking institutions. On 10 March 2022, the United Kingdom designated Oleg Deripaska as 
a sanctioned person, followed by the EU on 8 April 2022. Other broader sanctions have been introduced 
on Russia, limiting the access of Russia to the Western financial system. Generali has been closely 
monitoring the situation and implications for operations and financial markets. 
On 3 March 2022, Generali announced: (i) that it will close its Moscow representative office; (ii) its 
decision to resign from positions held on the board of Ingosstrakh and as a result, Generali has no 
influence on operations of the Russian insurer; and (iii) its decision to wind down the business of Europe 
Assistance in Russia. Generali’s minor exposure to the Russian market in terms of investments and 
insurance business is also under constant evaluation and fully compliant with all applicable sanctions;

--- Page 35 ---
A47398444 
35 
 
however, any further negative impact of Russia’s actions in Ukraine and of the related sanctions, export 
controls and similar actions or laws on the General Group (including Assicurazioni Generali) could 
adversely affect the Generali Group’s results of operations, business and financial condition (see the risk 
factor “Difficult market and economic conditions, instability in (and the United Kingdom’s withdrawal 
from) the European Union together with the risk of potential sovereign debt credit deterioration and 
political conflicts, have had (or have), and may continue to have, an adverse effect on the Generali 
Group’s results of operations, business and financial condition” below).  
Risks relating to the Cattolica transaction 
Settlement of Assicurazioni Generali’s tender offer for Società Cattolica di Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
(“Cattolica”) took place on 5 November 2021, and taking into account the Cattolica shares already 
owned by Generali, Generali held, following settlement of the tender offer, 84.475% of Cattolica’s share 
capital.  Although management believes that there is a limited execution risk thanks to the strategic 
partnership already in place between Generali and Cattolica and Assicurazioni Generali’s proven record 
in the management of previous industrial integrations, integrating Cattolica into the Group may take 
longer, be more difficult than originally envisaged, and may fail to generate the expected gains, or 
Generali may not be able to successfully integrate the acquired businesses or staff. In particular, there is 
a risk that the operating cost synergies that Generali expects to achieve from the integration of Cattolica 
cannot be achieved, or that there will be badwill recognition for an amount significantly in excess of that 
estimated by Generali when evaluating the Offer. The Group may furthermore be exposed to significant 
undisclosed liabilities relating to Cattolica, and may experience difficulties in achieving the envisaged 
business plan objectives on the basis of which the investment decision was based. Should one or more of 
these risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations 
and financial position or on the Group’s ability to achieve some of its strategic objectives. See further 
the paragraph headed “Recent developments – Voluntary tender offer on Cattolica” in the “Description 
of the Issuer” section.  
6. 
Risks relating to the market and macro-economic conditions and other emerging risks 
Difficult market and economic conditions, instability in (and the United Kingdom’s withdrawal 
from) the European Union together with the risk of potential sovereign debt credit deterioration 
and political conflicts, have had (or have), and may continue to have, an adverse effect on the 
Generali Group’s results of operations, business and financial condition 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of potential sovereign debt credit deterioration on the amounts of Italian 
and other sovereign debt obligations held in its investment portfolio. Factors such as deterioration of the 
economic conditions in Europe and in other parts of the world, geopolitical tensions and/or financial 
market volatility or a downgrading of those sovereigns to which the Generali Group is exposed could all 
have a negative impact on the Issuer’s financial condition, results of operations or cost of risk in general. 
Other factors such as political crises, armed conflict involving major world powers (such as the ongoing 
Russia-Ukraine conflict) and other unexpected events can also cause disruption, uncertainty and 
volatility in global financial markets and consequently have an adverse impact on Generali’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
The hostilities in Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on Russia, resulting trade restrictions, disruptions 
to global supply chains, and elevated energy and raw material prices in general, since the outbreak of the 
conflict in Ukraine have negatively affected markets and businesses worldwide. The protraction, and 
potential further escalation, of the conflict could result in elevated and extended periods of geopolitical 
instability and have a significant adverse impact on the regional and global economic environment.

--- Page 36 ---
A47398444 
36 
 
Persistent market tensions might affect negatively the funding costs and economic outlook of some euro 
member countries. In particular, after the United Kingdom left the European Union (“Brexit”), there 
remains a number of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the UK and its relationship 
with the EU, notwithstanding the signing of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, including in relation 
to ongoing negotiations between the UK and the EU regarding the Northern Ireland Protocol. 
Accordingly, there remains significant uncertainties with regard to the overall ultimate effects of Brexit 
on the economic outlook of both the United Kingdom and the European Union, and its implications on 
the legal rights and obligations of commercial parties across all industries and in the services sector. 
The possible withdrawal from the EU of any other EU Member State could have far-reaching and 
unpredictable consequences for the financial markets and the real economy, resulting in, inter alia, 
financial market turbulences including a widening of spreads, which could adversely affect the Generali 
Group’s business and results of operations and financial position.  
Furthermore, other geopolitical developments can all influence the economic outlook of Italy in 
particular and of the European Union in general as well as impact the local and global financial markets. 
Lingering market tensions as a result of adverse geopolitical developments might affect negatively the 
global economy and hamper the recovery of the euro area. Moreover, the premature tightening of fiscal 
policy by some countries might weigh on households’ disposable income and on corporate profits with 
negative implications for the Generali Group’s business, results and financial position. See further the 
subparagraph headed “Geopolitical and Financial Instability” (page 24) in the paragraph “Challenges 
and Opportunities of the Market Context” of the Management Report of the 2021 Annual Integrated 
Report and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Generali Group, incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
The insurance sector is mostly vulnerable to financial markets and the macro-economic landscape. 
Generali has proven to be resilient to both financial risks and credit risks. Nevertheless, financial 
instability and the prevailing low interest rate environment (even though rates are expected to 
moderately increase from current levels) still represent the key challenges for the insurance sector and 
Generali Group as well, in a context of increasing uncertainty such as that observed with the Covid-19 
pandemic since early 2020. 
Any deterioration, or delay in the recovery, of the Italian economy, and any downgrade of the Italian 
sovereign credit rating and its consequential impact on the financial markets, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Generali Group’s business, in light of the Generali Group’s significant exposure to 
the Italian economy. In addition, if any of the countries in which the Generali Group operates witnessed 
a significant deterioration in economic activity, the Generali Group’s results of operations, business and 
financial condition would be materially and adversely affected.  
The coronavirus outbreak could adversely affect social and economic environment, financial 
markets as well as the Group’s operations  
The coronavirus pandemic outbreak has a significant impact on the macroeconomic environment, both 
at present and into the near future, and new virus mutations might extend the negative fallout even 
further. It has resulted in unprecedented volatility as well as economic and financial disruptions in Italy 
and worldwide. In particular, prolonged stress in financial market conditions as a consequence of the 
outbreak has negatively affected market liquidity, and interventions by governments and central banks 
may prove ineffective or inadequate. Restrictions and quarantines introduced have led to social and 
economic shocks in multiple business segments, including those in which the Group operates, with 
potentially long-lasting effects. Containment measures may also result in business disruptions, and affect 
the financial conditions, of the Group’s suppliers, customers and counterparties. Regulatory authorities

--- Page 37 ---
A47398444 
37 
 
may extend the moratorium measures put in place to cushion the impact of the pandemic. This could 
limit the ability of the Group’s financial institutions to enforce debts, or capital conservation measures 
that prohibit the payment of dividends by the Group’s subsidiaries to the parent company. All these 
factors may have an adverse impact on the Group’s business operations, its funding and liquidity as well 
as the market value of its assets.  
The coronavirus pandemic has had and will continue to have significant and persistent consequences for 
a long time to come both in the economic and social spheres. To address these consequences, 
extraordinary efforts were being put in place by local governments and the European Union to boost 
economic recovery (such as the Next Generation EU). The Generali Group has promptly implemented a 
series of initiatives to ensure business continuity and continues to pursue diligently its activities and to 
execute its strategy, and is working to significantly reduce costs in order to reduce the negative impact of 
the pandemic on its business and confirm its solidity. A daily monitoring process of the Group and local 
solvency position implemented in 2020 has allowed to provide timely and constant information on the 
solvency position with respect to the evolution of the financial markets resulting from the impact of the 
pandemic. Furthermore, the immediate implementation of remote working involving over 90% of the 
Group’s administrative employees worldwide and forward-looking investments made over the past years 
in digitalisation has enabled Generali to guarantee full operating continuity and provide maximum 
support to its customers, in line with its ambition to be their Lifetime Partner. For a further description of 
the effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the Generali Group, including actions implemented in 
individual business segments to address these effects, see the subparagraphs headed “Pandemics and 
Extreme Events” (pages 25-28) in the paragraph “Challenges and Opportunities of the Market Context – 
Pandemics and Extreme Events” of the Management Report of the 2021 Annual Integrated Report and 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Generali Group, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. See also the paragraph “Impact of the Covid-19 pandemic” in “Description of the Issuer” 
section below. Despite measures put in place by the Group and the resilience of the Generali 2021 
strategy, the negative repercussions of the coronavirus pandemic on the global economy have had a 
negative impact on Generali’s operating result for 2020. See further the paragraph headed “Disclosure 
on the quantitative impacts of Covid-19 on the Group” (page 70) of the Management Report of the 2020 
Annual Integrated Report and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Generali Group, incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. See also paragraph 51 headed “Information about Covid-19” (page 
325) of the section “Information on Consolidation Area and Group Companies” in the Notes to the 2021 
Annual Integrated Report and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Generali Group, incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. The extent to which the pandemic and the related economic crisis will 
continue to affect Generali’s business, results of operation and financial condition, as well as its capital 
and liquidity over time, will depend on future developments, that are highly uncertain and cannot be 
predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic (affected, in turn, also by developments 
relating to variants of the virus and roll-out of the vaccines) and the effectiveness of the economic 
stimulus package put in place. 
Inflation pressures become entrenched via second-round effects of higher wage demands and 
rising inflation expectations, potentially giving way to a prolonged inflation overshoot 
The strong rebound in global demand, global supply disruptions and soaring energy and commodity 
prices have propelled inflation to record levels in decades in the United States as well as in Europe, even 
though a substantial part of this surge is likely to prove transitory. Annual inflation prints are 
exacerbated by base effects (depressed 2020 prices, VAT cut in Germany) and extraordinary weather and 
supply conditions (wind shortages, depleted gas storages) have added to pressures on oil and gas prices 
amid quickly recovering demand. Supply chain disruptions (especially in the microchip sector) are set to

--- Page 38 ---
A47398444 
38 
 
ease with production facilities gradually being expanded while crowded global demand for goods is 
likely to shift towards reopening sectors, including tourism and hospitality, helping to ease price 
pressures in manufacturing. 
Yet risks are mounting that the inflation surge will prove less transitory than thought. This holds in 
particular for the United States, where wage pressures are building amid persistent shortages on the 
labour markets and the sustained rising in house prices will likely spill over to the very relevant shelter 
component of consumers prices. Private demand in the United States and Europe may outpace supply 
for longer with consumers still sitting on a large pile of excess savings accumulated over the pandemic, 
also thanks to very generous fiscal support and furlough schemes. Inflation expectations are drifting up, 
especially in the United States and risk becoming entrenched, which could add further upside to price 
rises. 
Uncertainties about policy responses complicate the picture further. Both the FED (the Federal Reserve 
System, the central bank and monetary authority of the United States) and the European Central Bank 
have revised their policy frameworks, which now allow for a more patient policy approach amid rising 
price pressures. While the European Central Bank is committed to steering inflation, high public and 
private leverage bears the risk of adverse market impacts from rising yields, strengthening the case for 
central banks to err on the side of caution before tightening monetary policy. 
Structural factors add to the risks, with headwinds to globalisation (reshoring of supply chains after the 
pandemic and rising US/China rivalry), ‘greenflation’ (higher energy prices amid underinvested fossil 
fuels production and rising carbon emission taxes) and a stronger societal focus on mitigating inequality 
adding to structural price pressures.  
This means that after more than a decade of ‘lowflation’, price pressures may overshoot central banks’ 
target for longer.  
Higher inflation would affect insurance companies both in life and non-life, through higher yields on the 
one hand and higher cost of claims on the other. For what concerns life insurance, a gradual yield 
increase would help mitigate reducing asset-liability duration mismatches and reduce the negative 
spread of investment yields to guaranteed policy rates. However a stress scenario with a strong increase 
in bond yields and/or widening of corporate spreads could enhance policy surrenders. Notwithstanding 
protections against lapses (exit penalties, accumulated bonuses embedded in guarantees and tax 
disincentives), policyholders may surrender their policies for new ones or more appealing financial 
products, forcing life insurers to liquidate investments. Life insurers with longer durations and an 
allocation tilted more towards riskier corporate bonds could be hit the hardest by a sudden increase in 
yields. Non-life insurance assets too are held mainly in fixed income instruments: selling bonds and 
investing in newer, higher-yielding bonds will generate book losses; moreover, the ultimate values of the 
underlying claims are increasing, creating a mismatch between assets and liabilities, reducing insurer’s 
surplus. Higher-than-expected inflation has adverse effects on non-life insurers: firstly, in long-tailed 
lines of business future payments will be higher than expected; secondly, in the short term, if inflation is 
not properly incorporated in client premiums, insurers may not have sufficient funds to pay claims. 
Climate change may have an impact on the Generali Group’s business 
Climate change is a material risk with possibly more limited effects over the short term, however 
potentially catastrophic over the long term. Associated with this risk is a high degree of uncertainty in 
accurately determining a time frame and magnitude of the impacts, especially at the local level. The 
identified impacts on the Group can be classified as physical risks and transition risks (from which 
litigation risks might potentially emerge).

--- Page 39 ---
A47398444 
39 
 
The physical risks are determined by the change or intensification of weather phenomena (including 
extreme natural events such as storms and cyclones, flooding, fires and a rise in sea level) which affect 
pricing risk and natural catastrophic risk in the Group’s non-life business, impacting – conditions being 
equal – the number and cost of the claims and their management expenses, as well as reinsurance costs. 
The Group’s life segment might also be affected due to worsening of the expected mortality and 
morbidity rates caused by (inter alia) intensification of the heat waves and the expansion of the habitats 
suitable for hosting carriers of tropical diseases. Although the Group has defined processes and tools to 
manage and mitigate physical risks (including monitoring the adequacy of its actuarial models to assess 
and rate physical risks, recourse to risk transfer mechanisms, periodical analysis of its investments, 
product and service innovation processes, development of partnerships in the sector to identify system 
solutions), these processes and tools may not be fully effective in mitigating Group’s exposure in such 
risks or against all risks falling into this category, including risks that the Generali Group fails to identify 
or anticipate. 
Transition risk is associated with the decarbonisation of the economy, with consequential changes in 
domestic and international public policies, technologies and consumer preferences which might affect 
the value of the Group’s investments linked to activities, sectors or countries having a high carbon 
footprint. This risk may also manifest as reputation risk resulting from trade relations with companies of 
the coal sector. As a result, the policies put in place by the Group may not be fully effective in mitigating 
Group’s exposure to transition risk or against all risks falling into this category, including risks that the 
Generali Group fails to identify or anticipate due to the high degree of uncertainty, such as political, 
social and market dynamics and technological changes.  
Finally, given the relevance of the risk, Group Risk Management is leading a cross-functional “Climate 
Change Risk Project” with the purpose of setting a Risk Management Framework structured as a four-
step approach: Identification, Measurement, Management and Reporting. The major focus during the 
initial steps of the project have been climate scenario selection and a scenario analysis of the corporate 
investment portfolio and the P&C underwriting business. 
See further the paragraph headed “Climate Change” (pages 31-36) in the paragraph “Challenges and 
Opportunities of the Market Context” of the Management Report of 2021 Annual Integrated Report and 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Generali Group, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
1. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
In case the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) or Condition 8.4A (Clean-up Call Option) of the Senior Notes, or Condition 10.2 (Redemption 
for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event),  
Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call 
Option) of the Tier 2 Conditions or the Tier 3 Conditions, the Issuer may – on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) or, as the case may be, upon occurrence of the relevant event – elect to exercise

--- Page 40 ---
A47398444 
40 
 
such option to redeem the Notes subject to, in the case of Tier 2 Notes or Tier 3 Notes, satisfaction of the 
Conditions for Redemption and Purchase and any other regulatory requirements applicable to such 
redemption. The Issuer shall determine at its sole discretion whether or not to exercise such early 
redemption option and is not, under any circumstances, obliged to exercise any such early redemption 
option. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, or be perceived to be likely to exercise its option to redeem Notes, 
the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem 
Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor 
generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that 
time. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer has or will become obliged - as a result of any change in or amendment or 
clarification to, the laws, regulations or other rules of the Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or 
clarification to, the application of official or generally published interpretation (or application or 
interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or other rules, including the publication 
or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by any competent court or authority providing for a 
position with respect to such laws, regulations or other rules that differs from the previously generally 
accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written confirmation given by the competent authority 
in respect of tax treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on 
or after the date of issue of the relevant Notes - to pay additional amounts in respect of such Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the 
Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the relevant Conditions. 
In addition, in the case of Subordinated Notes and, if early redemption for tax non-deductibility is 
specified in the Final Terms of the Senior Notes, Senior Notes, in the event that interest payable by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes is no longer, or will no longer be, deductible by the Issuer for Italian 
income tax purposes, or such deductibility is materially reduced, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the laws or regulations or applicable accounting standards of the Republic 
of Italy, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result 
of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the application of official or generally published 
interpretation (or application or interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or 
applicable accounting standards, including the publication or pronouncement of any decision or 
interpretation by any competent court or authority providing for a position with respect to such laws, 
regulations or other rules that differs from the previously generally accepted position or otherwise differs 
from prior written confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax treatment of the 
Notes, which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the 
Notes, and such non-deductibility cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the relevant Conditions.

--- Page 41 ---
A47398444 
41 
 
Based on Italian tax law, as currently in force, any interest on Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali 
will only be deductible up to 96 per cent. when determining the taxable income of Assicurazioni 
Generali for corporate income tax purposes. See also the risk factor headed “Notes subject to optional 
redemption by the Issuer”. 
Redemption due to other reasons 
If specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if the Issuer determines that a Rating Event, 
an Accounting Event or a Regulatory Event (each as defined in the relevant Terms and Conditions) has 
occurred, the Issuer may redeem all relevant outstanding Notes in accordance with the relevant 
Conditions. 
In the event that the Notes are redeemed due to a Rating Event, an Accounting Event or a Regulatory 
Event, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an 
effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. See also the risk factor headed “Notes subject 
to optional redemption by the Issuer”. 
SONIA Linked Interest Notes, SOFR Linked Notes, CMS Linked Interest Notes and €STR Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to SONIA, the SOFR, the CMS Rate 
and €STR which determine the amount of interest (each, a “relevant factor”). Potential investors should 
be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
a relevant factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; and 
(iv) 
the timing of changes in a relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. 
EU reform of “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, 
commodity and foreign exchange rate indices) 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” 
(“Benchmarks”) are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence or any 
other consequential changes to Benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or any other proposals for reform or 
other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of 
implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to a 
Benchmark. 
Key international reforms of Benchmarks include IOSCO’s proposed Principles for Financial 
Benchmarks (July 2013) (the “IOSCO Benchmark Principles”) and the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
The UK Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of Benchmarks and the use of a Benchmark in 
the UK. Similarly it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of Benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) or registered 
on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The IOSCO Benchmark Principles aim to create an overarching framework of principles for 
Benchmarks to be used in financial markets, specifically covering governance and accountability, as

--- Page 42 ---
A47398444 
42 
 
well as the quality and transparency of Benchmark design and methodologies. A review published in 
February 2015 on the status of the voluntary market adoption of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles noted 
that, as the Benchmarks industry is in a state of change, further steps may need to be taken by IOSCO in 
the future, but that it is too early to determine what those steps should be. The review noted that there 
has been a significant market reaction to the publication of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles, and 
widespread efforts being made to implement the IOSCO Benchmark Principles by the majority of 
administrators surveyed. 
On 17 May 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted the EU Benchmark Regulation. The EU 
Benchmark Regulation was published in the Official Journal on 29 June 2016 and entered into force on 
30 June 2016. Subject to various transitional provisions, the EU Benchmark Regulation applies from 1 
January 2018, except that the regime for “critical” Benchmark has applied from 30 June 2016 and 
certain amendments to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the “Market Abuse Regulation”) have applied 
from 3 July 2016. Subject to the transitional provisions set out in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation,  the EU Benchmark Regulation would apply to “contributors”, “administrators” and “users 
of” Benchmarks in the EU, and would, among other things, (i) require Benchmark administrators to be 
authorised (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regulatory regime) and to comply with 
extensive requirements in relation to the administration of Benchmarks and (ii) ban the use of 
Benchmarks of unauthorised administrators. The scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation is wide and, in 
addition to applying to so-called “critical benchmark” indices such as EURIBOR, could also potentially 
apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices 
and other indices (including “proprietary” indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial 
instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds. The transitional period 
under the EU Benchmark Regulation has been extended for two years for critical benchmarks and third 
country benchmarks by Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of 27 November 2019. Accordingly, providers of 
critical benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) have until 31 December 2023 to comply with the new EU 
Benchmark Regulation requirements.  
The EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could also have a 
material impact on any listed Notes linked to an index based on a Benchmark, including in any of the 
following circumstances: (i) an index which is a Benchmark may not be used as such if its administrator 
does not obtain appropriate EU/UK authorisations or is based in a non-EU/UK jurisdiction, as 
applicable, which (subject to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. 
In such event, depending on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes 
could be adjusted or otherwise impacted; (ii) the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark related 
to a series of Notes could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level of the Benchmark or of affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, 
and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes.  
Workstreams have been developed in Europe over recent years to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid 
methodology and to provide fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight 
risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working 
group on euro risk-free rates recommended €STR as the new risk-free rate. €STR was published by the 
European Central Bank (the “ECB”) on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-
free rate working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) and on 6 November 2019 such working group issued high-
level recommendations for fallback provisions in contracts referencing EURIBOR, which include a

--- Page 43 ---
A47398444 
43 
 
recommendation that market participants incorporate fallback provisions in all new financial 
instrumnents and contracts referencing EURIBOR. 
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union 
approved the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as 
regards the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange Benchmarks and the designation of 
replacements for certain Benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The 
new framework delegates the European Commission to designate a replacement for Benchmarks 
qualified as critical under the Regulation 2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down of such a 
Benchmark might significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets within the European Union. 
In particular, the designation of a replacement for a Benchmark should apply to any contract and any 
financial instrument as defined in MiFID II that is subject to the law of a relevant state. In addition, with 
respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends the transitional period for the use of 
third-country Benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may further extend this period until 2025 by a 
delegated act to be passed before 15 July 2023. On 10 February 2021 the Council of the European Union 
adopted the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 
and entered into force on the following day. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation. 
Investors should be aware that if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Reset Notes and Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark 
will be determined for the relevant period in accordance with the fall-back provisions applicable to such 
Notes. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes”, the “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes” and the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published Benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR or other relevant 
reference rates (including, without limitation, mid-swap rates), or any page on which such Benchmark 
may be published (or any successor service) becomes unavailable. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, the application of the Reset Rate for a preceding Reset 
Period or, in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes or Fixed-to-Floating Rate Notes, the application of the 
initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement Date or (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes), as applicable, the sum of the relevant Margin and the Reference Rate that most 
recently appeared on the Relevant Screen Page. The relevant Terms and Conditions furthermore provide 
for certain fallback arrangements in case a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility 
that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and

--- Page 44 ---
A47398444 
44 
 
that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant Benchmark, all as 
determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser). 
However, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference 
rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 6.4 of the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes”, Condition 8.4 
of the “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes” and Condition 8.4 of the “Terms and Conditions of 
the Tier 3 Notes”, if a successor rate, alternative rate or adjustment spread is to be applied following the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of 
the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Notes without the requirement for consent of the 
Noteholders, if the Issuer - following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
- determines that such amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of the successor rate, 
alternative rate and/or adjustment spread, save where, in the case of Subordinated Notes, such 
amendments could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Notes as Tier 2 
Notes or, as the case may be, Tier 3 Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as a 
reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as 
SONIA, SOFR and €STR as a reference rate in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. Dollar and Euro 
bonds, respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In 
particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure 
the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA, SOFR or €STR rate over a designated term).  
The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs (also 
significantly) from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes referenced to a reference 
rate under the Programme.  
Interest on Notes which reference certain risk free rates is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference 
such risk free rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Furthermore, if the Notes become due and payable or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than 
an Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such 
Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date the Notes became due and payable and 
shall not be reset thereafter.  
Since risk free rates are relatively new in the market, Notes linked to such rates may have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very 
liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other risk free rate, 
such as the spread over the rate reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of any Notes linked to SONIA, SOFR, €STR and/or any other risk free rate may be lower than 
those of later-issued debt securities linked to the same rate as a result. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
A47398444 
45 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest 
rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its 
Notes. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially earn interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the Reset Date 
(or, if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date). On the first Reset Date and on each 
subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Reset 
Reference Rate and the applicable Reset Margin (the “Reset Rate”), which could be less than the Initial 
Rate of Interest or the Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods, and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Reset Notes. 
Maximum/Minimum Rate of Interest 
To the extent that a Minimum Rate of Interest applies, investors should consider that where the interest 
rate does not rise above the level of Minimum Rate of Interest, comparable investments in notes which 
pay interest based on a fixed rate which is higher than the Minimum Rate of Interest are likely to be 
more attractive to potential investors than an investment in the Notes. Under those conditions, investors 
in the Notes might find it difficult to sell their Notes on the secondary market (if any) or might only be 
able to realise the Notes at a price which may be substantially lower than the nominal amount. 
To the extent that a Maximum Rate of Interest applies, investors should be aware that the Rate of 
Interest is capped at such Maximum Rate of Interest level. Consequently, investors may not participate 
in any increase of market interest rates, which may also negatively affect the market value of the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Special provisions relating to Subordinated Notes 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, before it can make any payments on 
Subordinated Notes, it will be required to pay in full the holders of senior debt and meet its obligations 
to all its other unsubordinated creditors (including unsecured creditors) as well as any other subordinated 
creditors whose claims rank higher than the relevant Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may 
not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under the relevant 
Subordinated Notes. See further Condition 4 (Status of the Notes) of the Tier 3 Conditions and Condition 
4.1 (Status – Senior Dated Subordinated Notes) and Condition 4.2 (Status – Deeply Subordinated Notes) 
of the Tier 2 Conditions. 
In addition, Subordinated Notes are subject to special provisions, driven by regulatory capital 
requirements, which require the Issuer to defer payments to Noteholders of interest. See further

--- Page 46 ---
A47398444 
46 
 
Condition 5.1 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest) of the Tier 3 Conditions and Condition 5.2 (Mandatory 
Deferral of Interest) of the Tier 2 Conditions. In the case of Tier 2 Notes, if the relevant Final Terms 
specify Optional Deferral of Interest as being applicable, such Notes will be furthermore subject to 
special provisions as set out in Condition 5.1 (Optional Deferral of Interest) of the Tier 2 Conditions, 
which entitle the Issuer to defer interest payments to Noteholders in the circumstances specified therein. 
As a result, any deferral of interest payments, or perception that the Issuer will exercise its deferral right, 
will likely have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest 
deferral provisions of the Notes, the market price of the Notes may be more volatile than the market 
prices of other debt securities on which original issue discount or interest accrues that are not subject to 
such deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the financial condition of the 
Issuer. 
Furthermore, the redemption of Subordinated Notes is subject to the satisfaction of the Conditions for 
Redemption and Purchase, and the Conditions provide that the scheduled maturity date of Subordinated 
Notes with a specified maturity date or, in the case of an optional redemption of the Subordinated Notes, 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date, shall be postponed if the Conditions for Redemption and 
Purchase are not satisfied: see further Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption), Condition 10.1 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption), Condition 10.10 (Redemption and Purchase - Postponement 
of optional redemption dates) and Condition 10.11 (Redemption and Purchase - Waiver of Redemption 
Suspension) of the Tier 2 Conditions and Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption), Condition 10.1 
(Redemption and Purchase – Scheduled redemption), Condition 10.10 (Redemption and Purchase - 
Postponement of optional redemption dates) and Condition 10.11 (Redemption and Purchase - Waiver of 
Redemption Suspension) of the Tier 3 Conditions.  
To the extent required under the Applicable Regulations in order for the Notes to be treated as regulatory 
capital, the Conditions for Redemption and Purchase will relate also to whether any insurance or 
reinsurance undertaking included in the scope of group supervision is in an insolvent winding-up at that 
time (see further sub-(iii) of the definition of “Conditions for Redemption and Purchase” set out in 
Condition 2 (Interpretation) of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions). Where Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event is stated as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer has the right to redeem the Subordinated Notes early in the circumstances described, and subject 
to the conditions set forth, in Condition 10.4 (Redemption and Purchase - Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event) of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions. 
The subordination level of Senior Dated Subordinated Notes issued under the Tier 2 Conditions 
vis-à-vis More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes issued under the Tier 3 Conditions may vary 
The More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under Condition 4.1 
(Status of More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali) of the Tier 3 Conditions 
rank (A) for so long as any Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, (x) pari passu with such 
Relevant Existing Indebtedness, and (y) at least pari passu with Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali (other than, for clarity, Relevant Existing Indebtedness); and (B) provided that no 
Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, senior to Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali. 
The Senior Dated Subordinated Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under Condition 4.1 (Status of 
Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali) of the Tier 2 Conditions rank (A) for so 
long as any Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, pari passu with (x) such Relevant Existing 
Indebtedness, and (y) More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali; and (B)

--- Page 47 ---
A47398444 
47 
 
provided that no Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, junior to More Senior Dated 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali. 
“Relevant Existing Indebtedness” is defined in the Tier 3 Conditions and the Tier 2 Conditions as “the 
following Dated Subordinated Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali if and for so long as their terms and 
conditions do not permit the Issuer to issue subordinated obligations ranking senior thereto: 
- 
€750,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes due July 2042 (XS0802638642) issued in July 2012 (first 
call July 2022), in a principal amount outstanding of €301,600,000; 
- 
€1,250,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes due December 2042 (XS0863907522) issued in 
December 2012 (first call December 2022), in a principal amount outstanding of €467,600,000; 
- 
€1,000,000,000 Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due May 2026 (XS1062900912) issued in May 
2014, in a principal amount outstanding of €1,000,000,000; 
- 
€1,250,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due October 2047 
(XS1311440082) issued in October 2015 (first call October 2027), in a principal amount 
outstanding of €1,250,000,000; and 
- 
€850,000,000 Fixed/Floating Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due June 2048 (XS1428773763) 
issued in June 2016 (first call June 2028), in a principal amount outstanding of €850,000,000, 
in each case, as at 25 May 2022”. 
As a result, the subordination level of the Senior Dated Subordinated Notes issued under the Tier 2 
Conditions and the subordination level of the More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes issued under the 
Tier 3 Conditions may vary, as for as long as there is any Relevant Existing Indebtedness outstanding, 
the Senior Dated Subordinated Notes will rank equally to the More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes, 
however, once no Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, the Senior Dated Subordinated Notes 
will subsequently rank junior to the More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to sustainable 
assets, including “green” or “sustainable” bonds” and “social bonds” 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Senior Notes, Tier 2 Notes or, as the case may be, 
Tier 3 Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of those Notes specifically to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Assets (as defined in the 
section “Use of Proceeds”), Eligible Social Assets (as defined in the section “Use of Proceeds” and 
together with Eligible Green Assets, “Eligible Assets”) or a mix of Eligible Green Assets and Eligible 
Social Assets (respectively, “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” and “Sustainability Bonds”), in each case, 
that satisfy the relevant criteria set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined in the 
section “Use of Proceeds”).  
Prospective investors should determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose 
of any investment in such Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. Any such Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social 
Bonds constituting Tier 2 Capital or Tier 3 Capital will be fully subject to the application of the Tier 2 
Capital Requirements or, as the case may be, Tier 3 Capital Requirements, and proceeds from such 
bonds shall cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, “sustainable” or 
“social” label. 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds under the 
Programme, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to

--- Page 48 ---
A47398444 
48 
 
issue an independent opinion (“Opinion”) confirming that the Green Bonds, the Social Bonds or, as the 
case may be, the Sustainability Bonds and the relevant Eligible Assets are in compliance with the 
International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles or, 
as the case may be, Sustainability Bond Guidelines. The ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social 
Bond Principles and the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines are a set of voluntary guidelines that 
recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the 
green/social/sustainability bond market.  
If an Opinion is issued, such an Opinion is not incorporated into and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Further, the Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, 
market, additional risk factors discussed here and other factors that may affect the value of the Green 
Bonds, the Social Bonds or the Sustainability Bonds, as the case may be. 
Moreover, the Opinion providers and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not currently 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any member of the Generali Group, the 
Dealers, any Opinion providers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as 
the case may be, Sustainability Bonds. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the 
Dealers or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or 
certification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment 
in the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds. While it is the intention 
of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green 
Assets and/or, as the case may be, Eligible Social Assets, there can be no assurance that any the 
(re)financing in the relevant Eligible Assets will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in 
the intended manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds 
will be totally disbursed for the specified Eligible Green Assets and/or, as the case may be, Eligible 
Social Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Assets and/or, as the case may be, 
Eligible Social Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment or social or sustainability projects) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an event 
of default under the Notes. Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any 
Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets as aforesaid, and/or any withdrawal of any such 
opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Generali Group is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining on or 
certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as 
the case may be, Sustainability Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  
Even if an Opinion is obtained in respect of any series of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may 
be, Sustainability Bonds, however, whilst any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may 
be, Sustainability Bonds will be made in accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA 
Social Bond Principles and the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, respectively, as there is currently 
no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes a “green”, “social” or, as the case may be, “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled project or as 
to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “social” or, as the 
case may be, “sustainable”, no assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, any other member

--- Page 49 ---
A47398444 
49 
 
of the Generali Group, the Dealers, any Opinion providers that the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the 
case may be, Sustainability Bonds will meet any or all investor expectations regarding the Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds or the Generali Group's targets qualifying as 
“green”, “social” or, as the case may be, “sustainable”, or that any adverse other impacts will not occur 
in connection with the Generali Group striving to achieve such targets. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green”, “sustainable” and “sustainability-linked” has 
been established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the 
“Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”) and the final social taxonomy report 
on transition activities for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy which was published by the Platform 
on Sustainable Finance on 28 February 2022. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the 
EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, introducing the first set of technical screening criteria to define 
which activities contribute substantially to two of the environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation (the “Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act”). The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 January 2022. In 
addition, on 10 March 2022 the European Commission adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary 
Climate Delegated Act covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is expected to enter into force 
in the coming months. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022 the European Commission adopted the Regulatory 
Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation”) which is expected to apply from 1 January 2023. Any further delegated act that is adopted 
by the EU Commission in implementation of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the 
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation may furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope 
of activities and other amendments to reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review to the 
relating screening criteria. Accordingly, there can be no guarantee that the Eligible Assets financed 
and/or refinanced by the Issuer out of the proceeds of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds will fully align at all times with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or the Sustainable 
Finance Disclosure Regulation and the technical screening criteria established by the implementing 
delegated acts, as and when introduced and applicable from time to time. 
Furthermore, if Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are listed, displayed on or admitted 
to trading on any dedicated “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of 
any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), including without limitation, the 
LGX, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Eligible Assets or the funding thereof by the Issuer. Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria 
for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Furthermore, no representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained during the life of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. The 
criteria for acceptance onto any such market may change from time to time. In the event of any actual or 
anticipated removal of the Notes from any such market, or if access to any such market is sought and

--- Page 50 ---
A47398444 
50 
 
refused, that could have a material adverse effect on the market price of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds. 
Any of the aforementioned events could potentially affect the value of the relevant Notes and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
No Events of Default 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds on a targeted basis for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing 
Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets (together, “Eligible Assets”), there can be no 
assurance that the project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets will be capable of 
being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule 
and that accordingly such amounts will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Assets. Nor can 
there be any assurance that such Eligible Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all 
or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to finance and/or refinance any Eligible Assets 
and/or any withdrawal of any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is or is not complying in 
whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on 
and/or any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading or displayed on any stock exchange or securities market, will not (i) give rise to any claim of a 
Noteholder against the Issuer (or the Arranger or any Dealer), (ii) constitute an Event of Default under 
any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or a breach or violation of any term thereof, or 
constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose or (iii) lead to a right or obligation of the Issuer to 
redeem any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or give any Noteholder the right to 
require redemption of its Notes. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. Condition 15.4 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; 
Substitution – Substitution) of the Senior Conditions and Condition 17.5 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver; Modification and/or exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event or 
Rating Event; Substitution – Substitution) of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions, also each 
provide – with reference to Notes whose Final Terms specify that the Substitution Provisions are 
applicable - that any duly incorporated Subsidiary of Assicurazioni Generali in good standing under the 
laws of its jurisdiction may, without the consent of the Noteholders, but with the prior written approval 
of Assicurazioni Generali, assume liability as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes, subject to the 
terms and conditions set out therein. 
Variation of the terms and conditions of Subordinated Notes or Exchange of Subordinated Notes 
for Qualifying Securities 
In relation to any series of Subordinated Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event 
Modification 
Provisions 
or 
the

--- Page 51 ---
A47398444 
51 
 
Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange Provisions are applicable, then the Issuer may in 
certain circumstances modify the terms and conditions of such Subordinated Notes or, as applicable, 
exchange such Subordinated Notes for Qualifying Securities, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that 
no Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event would exist after 
such modification or would exist in relation to Qualifying Securities, provided that the relevant 
conditions set forth in Condition 17.4 (Modification and/or Exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event) of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions are 
satisfied. As a result, there can be no assurance that such modification or exchange may not have an 
adverse impact on the price of, and/or the market for, the Notes or the circumstances of the individual 
Noteholders.  
Risk relating to the governing law of the Notes 
With reference to those Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be governed by Italian law, 
the relevant Conditions provide they shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
The Global Notes representing such Notes provide that all contractual and non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Global Notes representing such Notes are governed by Italian 
law, save for the form and transferability of the Global Notes which are governed by English law.  
Furthermore, the Temporary Global Notes and the Permanent Global Notes representing such Notes will 
be signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and hence the Notes would be deemed to be issued in 
England according to Italian law. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (regarding the Italian 
international private law rules) provides that “other debt securities (titoli di credito) are governed by the 
law of the State in which the security was issued”. 
In light of the foregoing, with reference to those Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be 
governed by Italian law, the Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the 
laws applicable to the Conditions and the Global Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and 
circulation for any prospective investors in the Notes, and of any disputes which may arise in relation to 
(inter alia) the transfer of ownership in the Notes. 
Potential conflict of interest of a Dealer acting as Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the 
market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of 
the Noteholders. 
2. 
Risks related to the market 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been

--- Page 52 ---
A47398444 
52 
 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government 
and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples; definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may 
be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 53 ---
A47398444 
53 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(1) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2021 of Assicurazioni Generali, in each case together with the accompanying notes and 
independent auditors’ reports as included on those pages specified under the paragraph headed 
“Assicurazioni Generali - Consolidated annual financial statements” in the section entitled “Cross-
Reference List” below, each available at https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:5ba72a2a-eaf8-4cca-8892-
881bf2cbe03d/Annual%20Integrated%20Report%20and%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statement
s%202020_Generali%20Group_final.pdf/lang:en/Annual_Integrated_Report_and_Consolidated_Finan
cial_Statements_2020_Generali_Group_final.pdf 
and 
https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:70c2db5d-
76a9-43e9-9873-
5ccab8efceba/Annual%20Integrated%20Report%20and%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements
%202021_Generali%20Group_final.pdf/lang:en/Annual_Integrated_Report_and_Consolidated_Financ
ial_Statements_2021_Generali_Group_final.pdf, respectively (the “2020 Annual Integrated Report” 
and the “2021 Annual Integrated Report”, respectively); 
(2) 
the audited non-consolidated (statutory) annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2021 for Assicurazioni Generali, in each case together with the accompanying 
notes and independent auditors’ reports as included on those pages specified under the paragraph 
headed “Assicurazioni Generali – Non-consolidated annual financial statements” in the section 
entitled “Cross-Reference List” below, each available at https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:3a1e09d8-
d479-41d8-a3f0-
5f4d6ef8d470/Management%20Report%20and%20Parent%20Company%20Financial%20Statements
%202020.pdf/lang:en/Management_Report_and_Parent_Company_Financial_Statements_2020.pdf 
and https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:e520b2e5-1f61-4523-b032-771c1f812da1/Management-Report-
and-Parent-Company-Financial-Statements-2021--PDF-version-0.pdf/lang:en/Management-Report-
and-Parent-Company-Financial-Statements-2021--PDF-version-0.pdf;  
(3) 
the press release dated 19 May 2022 announcing approval by the Board of Directors of Generali of the 
consolidated results and financial information of the Group as at and for the three months ended 31 
March 
2022 
(the 
“2022 
1Q 
Results 
Press 
Release”), 
available 
at 
https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:15806890-8d72-4068-b04a-
074919778881/PR%20Financial%20Information%20at%2031%20March%202022_Generali%20Grou
p.pdf/lang:en/PR_Financial_Information_at_31_March_2022_Generali_Group.pdf;  
(4) 
the press release dated 23 May 2022 announcing the launch of a transaction for the purchase of 
ordinary shares of Società Cattolica di Assicurazioni S.p.A. through a Reverse Accelerated Book-
Building procedure addressed to qualified investors and foreign institutional investors (the “23 May 
2022 Press Release”), available at https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:8dde5f1c-9901-4e3f-9c8c-
2e7de91ba973/05.23_PR_%20Generali%20launches%20transaction%20ordinary%20shares%20of%2
0Cattolica%20through%20RABB.pdf/lang:en/05.23_PR__Generali_launches_transaction_ordinary_sh
ares_of_Cattolica_through_RABB.pdf; 
(5) 
the press release dated 24 May 2022 announcing the completion of the transaction for the purchase by 
Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. of ordinary shares of Società Cattolica di Assicurazioni S.p.A. through a 
reverse accelerated book-building procedure addressed to qualified investors and foreign institutional 
investors (the “24 May 2022 Press Release”), available at https://www.generali.com/media/press-

--- Page 54 ---
A47398444 
54 
 
releases/all/2022/Completion-of-the-transaction-for-the-purchase-by-Assicurazioni-Generali-SpA-of-
ordinary-shares-of-Societa-Cattolica-di-Assicurazioni-SpA#; and  
(6) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes included in the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2021 (the 
“2021 Base Prospectus”), available at https://www.generali.com/doc/jcr:165ddfd6-8e62-4088-bb96-
6ea72c4a86df/Generali%20EMTN%20Update%202021_Base%20Prospectus.pdf/lang:en/Generali_E
MTN_Update_2021_Base_Prospectus.pdf, 
with an English translation thereof and, in the case of the documents listed under paragraphs (1) and (2) 
above, together with the audit and review reports prepared in connection therewith, also, save that any 
statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents incorporated by reference in, and 
forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by 
reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies 
or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been 
delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy of any or all the documents deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein unless such documents have been modified or superseded as specified above, in which case 
the modified or superseded version of such document will be provided. Request for such documents should be 
directed to the Issuer at its offices set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will 
be available, without charge, at the principal office of the Paying Agents in Luxembourg, on the Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange’s 
website 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.generali.com/investors/debt-ratings/listed-debt-securities-disclaimer).  
The consolidated financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali incorporated by reference herein have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union 
(“IFRS”) as referred to herein. Unless otherwise stated, the consolidated balance sheet and income statement 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 presented in this Base Prospectus is the comparative 
consolidated balance sheet and income statement included in the consolidated financial statements as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
See “General Information – Independent Auditors” for a description of the Auditors of Assicurazioni 
Generali.

--- Page 55 ---
A47398444 
55 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST 
The following table shows where the information required under Annex 7, paragraphs 11.1 (Historical 
Financial Information), 11.3 (Legal and arbitration proceedings), 11.4 (Significant change in the issuer’s 
financial position) and 7.1 (Trend information) of the Prospectus Commission Delegated Regulation can be 
found in the above-mentioned documents incorporated by reference. The information incorporated by 
reference that is not included in the cross-reference list is considered as additional information and is not 
required by the relevant schedules of the the Prospectus Commission Delegated Regulation. The page 
references indicated below correspond to the page references of the PDF document format. 
Assicurazioni Generali – Consolidated annual financial statements 
2020
2021
Management Report
Group’s Highlights
--
Pages 12 – 13
Challenges and Opportunities of the Market Context
--
Pages 24 – 37
The Generali 2021 Strategy (*)
Pages 40 – 65
Our rules for running business with integrity
--
Pages 66 – 69
Our governance and remuneration policy
--
Pages 70 – 77
Our Performance
- 
Group’s highlights
--
Page 80
- 
Group’s performance
--
Pages 81 – 87
- 
Group’s financial position
--
Pages 88 – 102
- 
Our main markets: positioning and performance
--
Pages 103 – 117
- 
Life segment
--
Pages 118 – 125
- 
P&C segment
--
Pages 126 – 132
- 
Asset Management segment
--
Pages 133 – 134
- 
Holding and other business segment
--
Page 135
- 
Share performance
--
Page 136
Risk Report – Section A (Executive Summary)
--
Pages 140 -141
Risk Report – Section B (Group Risk Management System)
--
Pages 141 – 143
Risk Report – Section C (Solvency Position)
--
Pages 144 – 149
Risk Report – Section D (Risk Profile)
--
Pages 149 – 157
Outlook (**)
--
Pages 159 – 163
Methodological note on alternative performance measures
--
Pages 184 – 187
Consolidated Financial Statements
Balance sheet
Pages 168 – 169
Pages 196 – 197
Income statement
Page 170
Page 198
Statement of comprehensive income
Page 171
Page 199
Statement of changes in equity
Pages 172 – 173
Pages 200 – 201
Statement of cash flow
Page 174
Page 202
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
Pages 175 – 321
Pages 203 – 355
Independent Auditor’s Report
Pages 345 – 351
Pages 381-391
Glossary
Pages 392-398
(*)    For clarity, pages 38 and 39 are not incorporated by reference. 
(**) excluding the third last paragraph commencing “Specifically, it intends to pursue sustainable growth, …” on page 162

--- Page 56 ---
A47398444 
56 
 
Assicurazioni Generali – Non-consolidated annual financial statements 
2020
2021
Management Report
Part A: Information on operations/Results of operations – Litigation
 
Page 109
Balance sheet
Pages 119-131
Pages 143 – 156
Profit and loss account
Pages 133-141
Pages 157 – 165
Cash flow statement
Pages 211; 213; 
215-216
Pages 235 - 240
Notes to the Parent company financial statements; 
Pages 143; 145-
209
Pages 167 – 234
Appendices to the notes
Pages 217; 219-
246; 248-287; 
289-292
Pages 241 - 316
Independent Auditor’s Report
Pages 315; 317-
323
Pages 343 - 352
 
2022 1Q Results Press Release  
Press release dated 19 May 2022 entitled “FINANCIAL INFORMATION AT 31 MARCH 
2022”:
Cover Page 
Page 1 
Executive Summary 
Pages 2-3 
Life Segment 
Page 4 
P&C Segment 
Page 5 
Asset & Wealth Management Segment 
Page 6 
Holding and other Businesses Segment 
Page 7 
Outlook1 
Page 7 
Significant Events after 31 March 2022 
Page 8 
Q&A Conference Call 
Page 8 
 
23 May 2022 Press Release 
Press release dated 23 May 2022 headed “Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. announces the 
launch of a transaction for the purchase of ordinary shares of Societa’ Cattolica di 
Assicurazioni S.p.A. through a Reverse Accelerated Book-Building procedure addressed to 
qualified investors and foreign institutional investors” 
All 
24 May 2022 Press Release 
Press release dated 24 May 2022 headed “Completion of the transaction for the purchase 
by Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. of ordinary shares of Societa’ Cattolica di Assicurazioni 
S.p.A. through a reverse accelerated book-building procedure addressed to qualified 
investors and foreign institutional investors” 
All 
2021 Base Prospectus  
Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes 
Pages 103 – 166 
 
1 
Excluding the last paragraph commencing “The Group confirms its commitment to pursue sustainable growth…” on page 7 of the press 
release, which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
A47398444 
57 
 
The non-incorporated parts of documents listed above are either not relevant for investors or covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and shall not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-
reference lists above is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and shall not form part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 58 ---
A47398444 
58 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In 
relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured 
to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes 
which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an 
individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in 
order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the 
relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the relevant Final 
Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other necessary information in 
relation to the relevant series of Notes, will be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of relevant Final Terms, those relevant Final Terms will, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
relevant Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the “Registration 
Document”) containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note (the “Securities 
Note”) containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note. 
In addition, if the Drawdown Prospectus is constituted by a Registration Document and a Securities Note, any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in the Registration 
Document which arises or is noted between the date of the Registration Document and the date of the 
Securities Note which is capable of affecting the assessment of the relevant Notes will be included in the 
Securities Note.

--- Page 59 ---
A47398444 
59 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global 
Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”), without 
interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the 
case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of 
the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. 
At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether Notes may be issued in circumstances so that United 
States Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) will be applicable or whether TEFRA will not be applicable in relation to the Notes. 
When Notes issued under the Programme are represented by one or more Global Notes, such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled 
to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be 
able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes 
are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes 
by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must 
rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant 
Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a 
direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the 
extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent; and

--- Page 60 ---
A47398444 
60 
 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, within 7 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 11 (Events of Default) of the Senior Conditions or Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the 
Tier 2 Conditions or the Tier 3 Conditions, as the case may be, occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that TEFRA is not applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form 
of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note” and also specifies that TEFRA D will be applicable, the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under 
the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly 
withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.

--- Page 61 ---
A47398444 
61 
 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 11 (Events of Default) of the Senior Conditions or Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the 
Tier 2 Conditions or the Tier 3 Conditions, as the case may be, occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of 
the Tier 2 Notes” or “Terms and Conditions of the Tier 3 Notes”, as the case may be, below and the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Overview of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), the Notes in definitive form and 
any Coupons, Receipts and Talons appertaining thereto where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.”

--- Page 62 ---
A47398444 
62 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed in accordance with the provisions of 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms of the Senior Notes, will be applicable to each Tranche of Senior Notes. 
These Terms and Conditions, as so completed, shall be endorsed on each Senior Note in definitive form issued 
under the Programme. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Senior Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Senior Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
“Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
 
1 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. (“Assicurazioni Generali”) (the “Issuer”) has established 
a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of €15,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme in accordance with these terms and conditions of the 
Senior Notes (the “Conditions”) are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms (the 
“Final Terms”) which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer 
may also issue subordinated notes under the Programme.  
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be governed by English 
law are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement that is governed by English law; and the 
Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be governed by Italian law are the subject of an 
issue and paying agency agreement that is governed by Italian law, in each case, dated 25 May 2022 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, BNP 
Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression 
includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the 
paying agent named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set 
out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) and, where 
applicable, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) and holders of instalment receipts (“Receipts”) 
appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, 
all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. The expression “Notes” shall, where 
the context so permits, include Receipts. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 63 ---
A47398444 
63 
 
2 
INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means: 
 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); and 
 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre (including 
Luxembourg); 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and

--- Page 64 ---
A47398444 
64 
 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means, (i) other than in respect of the calculation of any Make Whole Amount 
pursuant to Condition 8.5 (Make Whole Amount), the Fiscal Agent or (ii) the Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows:

--- Page 65 ---
A47398444 
65 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷1) 
360
 
where 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows; 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷1) 
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷1) 
360

--- Page 66 ---
A47398444 
66 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount, subject to any 
purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment, expressed as the amount per Calculation 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person 
to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of 
which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;

--- Page 67 ---
A47398444 
67 
 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Initial Interest Payment Date(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Instalment Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 8.6 (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption by Instalments); 
“Instalment Notes” means any Notes which are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Instalment Notes, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Legislative Decree No. 239” has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Taxation); 
“Make Whole Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 8.5 (Make Whole Amount); 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms and if the relevant Final Term specifies 
that Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is applicable, shall mean (a) for 
each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Pre-Call); and 
(b) from each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Post-
Call), in each case, as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin (Pre-Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin (Post-Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 68 ---
A47398444 
68 
 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, the amount per Calculation 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, the amount per Calculation 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Permitted 
Reorganisation” means an amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, 
consolidation or restructuring whilst solvent whereby the assets and undertaking of the Issuer (or, in 
the case of a demerger, all or substantially all of such assets and undertaking) are vested in a body 
corporate in good standing and such body corporate (i) assumes or maintains (as the case may be) 
liability as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and (ii) continues substantially to carry on the 
business of the Issuer as reported in the Issuer’s most recently published audited financial statements 
immediately prior to such amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, consolidation or 
restructuring; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 69 ---
A47398444 
69 
 
 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a 
Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms, and if the relevant Final Term 
specifies that Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is applicable, shall mean 
(a) for each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Initial Rate of 
Interest; and (b) from each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Rate 
of Interest (Post-Call); 
“Rating Agency” means each of Moody’s Investors Service Ltd and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited  
and/or AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. (or their respective affiliates) and/or any other rating 
agency indicated in the relevant Final Terms, and any of their respective successors; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or 
such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in Condition 6 (Interest); 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the

--- Page 70 ---
A47398444 
70 
 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in Condition 6.3 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service and Moneyline Telerate Service) 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and includes any proposal 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the 
amount of principal or, as the case may be, interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter 
the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or 
maturity or the date for any such payment, to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or 
the conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any 
other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; to change the currency of any payment under 
the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution or to amend the definition of “Reserved Matter”; 
“Senior Note” means a Note issued under these Terms and Conditions and specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”): 
 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” or “TARGET Business Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is 
open for the settlement of payments in euro;

--- Page 71 ---
A47398444 
71 
 
“Tax Event” means any of the events referred to in paragraphs (a)(A) or (B) of Condition 8.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons). 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; and 
 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is 
“not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner 
for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other 
interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be 
liable for so treating such holder. With reference to any Note that is governed by English law, no Person shall 
have any right to enforce any term or condition of any such Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999. 
4 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer present and future (save for such obligations as may 
be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application).

--- Page 72 ---
A47398444 
72 
 
Condition 5 below is applicable only to Notes in respect of which the Final Terms state that Change of 
interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) applies. 
5 
INITIAL AND POST-CALL INTEREST PROVISIONS 
5.1 
Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in these 
Conditions, in arrear on the Initial Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
5.2 
Post-Call Interest Provisions: If the Issuer does not redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 8.3 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), the Notes will bear interest for each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at such Rate of Interest (Post-Call) as will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms payable, subject as 
provided in these Conditions, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call). 
6 
INTEREST 
Condition 6.1 below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
6.1.1 Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date (or the applicable 
Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, 
subject as provided in these Conditions. Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 
(as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the 
day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
6.1.2 Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. Payment of any Broken Amount will be made on the Interest Payment Date so 
specified in the Final Terms. 
6.1.3 Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period 
for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 73 ---
A47398444 
73 
 
Condition 6.2 is applicable to the Notes only if the relevant Final Term specifies that Interest Basis reset on 
Reset Date as being applicable. 
6.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
6.2.1 Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date 
occurring after the Issue Date), at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in these 
Conditions, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
6.2.2 Interest Basis Reset Provisions: The Notes will bear interest in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there 
is more than one Reset Period, each successive Reset Period thereafter) at the relevant Reset Rate (as 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance 
with this Condition 6.2) payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
6.2.3 Accrual of interest: Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Mid Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Mid Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market; and (c) has a floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark 
Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent). 
“Mid Swap Benchmark Rate” means the benchmark rate specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be 
Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity 
to the relevant Reset Period.

--- Page 74 ---
A47398444 
74 
 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, 
after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if 
the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the 
advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors; or (B) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Reset Rate Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer. 
“Reset Date(s)” means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Determination Date” means, for each Reset Period, the date as specified in the Final Terms 
falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying 
during such Reset Period will be determined. 
“Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (if any) if there is only Reset Period or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each 
period from (and including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset 
Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any). 
“Reset Rate” for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset Reference Rate and (ii) 
the applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded 
down). 
“Reset Rate Screen Page” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Rate Time” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Reference Rate” means either: 
(A) 
if “Mid Swaps” is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed on the Reset Rate 
Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for 
such Reset Period; or 
(B) 
if “Reference Bond” is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a 
price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
relevant Reference Bond Price. 
6.2.4 Reset Rate Screen Page: if the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, or the Mid-Swap Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, then subject to Condition 6.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide it with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference Rate at approximately the Reset

--- Page 75 ---
A47398444 
75 
 
Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date only one or 
none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.2.4:  
(a) 
if Option A is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
Reset Rate shall be the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
if Option B is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be the Reset Reference Rate 
that most recently appeared on the Reset Rate Screen Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
applicable Reset Margin (if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purpose of this Condition 6.2.4, “Reference Banks” means four (or, if the Principal Financial 
Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in the swap, 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the Reset Reference Rate and 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense for the purpose of this Condition 6.2.4. 
6.2.5 Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on 
the Reset Notes for each relevant period (in the case of Interest Periods falling after the Reset Date, as 
soon as practicable after the time at which the Reset Reference Rate is to be determined in relation to 
such Reset Interest Period) by applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the 
case may be) to the Calculation Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
6.2.6 Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause the Reset Rate and each Interest Amount for each Reset 
Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
6.2.7 Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
Condition 6.3 is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the

--- Page 76 ---
A47398444 
76 
 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
6.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
6.3.1 Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date (or the applicable 
Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
(as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the 
day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
6.3.2 Rate of Interest 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
A. 
Floating Rate Notes other than SONIA Linked Interest Notes, SOFR, CMS Linked Interest Notes or 
€STR Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a

--- Page 77 ---
A47398444 
77 
 
period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
B. 
Floating Rate Notes which are SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be, subject to Condition 6.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to 
such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions set out below. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph B: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the third 
decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−pLBD ×  𝑛𝑖
365
)
 𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period to, 
but excluding, the last London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from and including the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the end of such Interest Period (or the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 78 ---
A47398444 
78 
 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
If in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be: (A) (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate 
(the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or (B) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA 
reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA reference rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with the paragraph above, in the 
event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA reference rate is to be 
determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
the SONIA reference rate for any London Banking Day “i” for the purpose of the relevant Series of 
Notes for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 6.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of 
Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date

--- Page 79 ---
A47398444 
79 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, 
be that determined on such date. 
C. 
Floating Rate Notes which are SOFR Linked Interest Notes  
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be, subject to Condition 6.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), USD-SOFR-COMPOUND with respect 
to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions set out below. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph C: 
“USD-SOFR-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as defined below) as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as 
follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.0005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
360
)
 𝑑0
𝑖=1
 −1] x 360
𝑑 
where:  
“d0”, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Period;  
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;  
“SOFRi”, if applicable as defined in the Final Tems, means: 
(a) for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a Cut-off Date (as defined below), 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding such Cut-off Date, and 
(b) for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is not a Cut-off Date (i.e., a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the Cut-off Period), the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Cut-off Date of the relevant Interest Period (such last Cut-off Date coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date);  
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from and including the 
date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the end of such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government

--- Page 80 ---
A47398444 
80 
 
Securities Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Day included 
in the Observation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Cut-off Date” means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from, and including, 
the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date (such period, the “Cut-off Period”). For any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the Cut-off Period, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as defined below) in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding the last Cut-off Date in the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Cut-off Date coinciding with the Interest Determination Date) shall 
apply; 
“Secured Overnight Financing Rate” means:  
(a) the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or 
any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “New York Fed’s 
Website”) on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding such day; or 
(b) if the daily secured overnight financing rate does not appear on a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as specified above, unless both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date (each as defined below) have occurred, the daily secured overnight 
financing rate in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such 
rate was published on the New York Fed’s Website, 
provided that if the daily secured overnight financing rate does not appear on a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as specified in paragraph (a), and both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the provisions of Condition 6.4 (Benchmark 
discontinuation) below shall apply; 
“SOFR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
(a) a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
the daily secured overnight financing rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the daily secured overnight financing rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide a daily secured 
overnight financing rate; or  
(b) the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor administrator of the daily secured overnight financing rate) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the daily secured overnight financing rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the daily secured overnight financing rate; or  
(c) a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
the daily secured overnight financing rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing swap transactions;

--- Page 81 ---
A47398444 
81 
 
“SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the 
date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the daily 
secured overnight financing rate), ceases to publish the daily secured overnight financing rate, or the 
date as of which the daily secured overnight financing rate may no longer be used.“U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on 
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 6.4 (Benchmark 
discontinuation), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
D. 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the CMS Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions set out 
below:  
 
where “CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
 
where “Leveraged CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(b) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
 
where “Steepener CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(a) where “Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or

--- Page 82 ---
A47398444 
82 
 
(b) where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
 
where “Call Spread CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
L x Min [Max (CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
where: 
 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M = Margin 
As used above: 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with 
a maturity of the Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage", "Margin", “Relevant Screen Page” 
and “Relevant Time”  shall have the meanings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap 
Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
For the purpose of this Condition 6.3.2D: 
“Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the Calculation Agent. 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap

--- Page 83 ---
A47398444 
83 
 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or 
the ISDA Definitions; and 
 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall 
consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it 
shall consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice. 
E. 
Floating Rate Notes which are €STR Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + €STRi × ni
360
)
 d0
i=1
 −1] × 360
d  
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business Day and no €STR 
Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall 
be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank.  
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business Day and both an 
€STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB 
Recommended Rate.  
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business 
Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, 
then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on 
or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references 
to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.

--- Page 84 ---
A47398444 
84 
 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining term to 
maturity of the Notes.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the Observation Period on 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there no such preceding Interest Determination Date 
and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, the rate of €STR for 
each TARGET Business Day in the Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date were references to the latest published €STR (though substituting, in each case, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period).  
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3.2(a)(E):  
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period.  
do for any Interest Period, is:  
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Observation Period.  
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as 
the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;  
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:  
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB

--- Page 85 ---
A47398444 
85 
 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or  
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate;  
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no 
longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;  
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of 10 July 
2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time;  
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which banks may 
use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the 
national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means:  
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business 
Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of 
the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or  
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event occurred;  
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate representing the wholesale 
Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the European 
Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in 
case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business 
Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day;  
“€STRi” means:

--- Page 86 ---
A47398444 
86 
 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the €STR for the TARGET Business Day “i”;  
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events, as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:  
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central Bank (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or  
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of 
€STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR;  
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, the first 
date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;  
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business Day in: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to 
such Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to 
such Observation Period.  
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread;  
“ni ” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period;  
“Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Period, the period from and including the date 
falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” TARGET Business

--- Page 87 ---
A47398444 
87 
 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET 
Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
“p” means:  
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of TARGET Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number 
is specified, five TARGET Business Days); or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
in relation to any Interest Period, the number of TARGET Business Days included in the 
Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is 
specified, five TARGET Business Days).  
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European Central Bank currently 
at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially designated by the European Central 
Bank. 
(b) 
ISDA Determination:  
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 88 ---
A47398444 
88 
 
6.3.3 Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
6.3.4 Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
6.3.5 Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The amount of interest payable in 
respect of any Note for any period will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6.3.6 Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or 
times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant 
amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
6.3.7 Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and 
each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination 
but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only 
the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 89 ---
A47398444 
89 
 
6.3.8 Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
6.3.9 For the purposes of this Condition 6.3, unless defined above, 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market; and in the case of a determination of a 
Reference Rate other than EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four 
major banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Rate” means, as specified in the Final Terms, (i) the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”); (ii) the Singapore interbank offered rate (“SIBOR”); (iii) the Tokyo interbank offered 
rate (“TIBOR”); (iv) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”); (v) the bank rate of the Bank 
of England (the “Bank of England Base Rate”), in each case, for the relevant currency and for the 
relevant period (if applicable), as specified for each in the Final Terms, or otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means the financial centre specified as such in the Final Terms or if 
none is so specified: (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Brussels; (ii) in the case of a 
determination of SIBOR, Singapore; (iii) in the case of a determination of TIBOR, Tokyo; (iv) in the 
case of a determination of HIBOR, Hong Kong; or (v) in the case of a determination of the Bank of 
England Base Rate, London. 
6.4 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 6.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or 6.3 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
required Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 6.4 shall apply. 
6.4.1 Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.4.2 (Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with 
Condition 6.4.3 (Adjustment Spread) below) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 6.4.4 (Benchmark Amendments) below). 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.4 shall act in good faith and (in the 
absence of bad faith, gross negligence or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 6.4.  
6.4.2 Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments

--- Page 90 ---
A47398444 
90 
 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 6.4), with effect as 
from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, as specified in the notice delivered 
pursuant to Condition 6.4.5 (Notices, etc.) below; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall  subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6.4), with effect as from the date or, as the case may be, Interest 
Period, as specified in the notice delivered pursuant to Condition 6.4.5 (Notices, etc.) below.  
6.4.3 Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for the determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
6.4.4 Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or  Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (if 
any) is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.4 and the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner, determines 
(A) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable regulations or 
guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related documents published by the competent regulatory 
authority (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6.4.5, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments (subject to prior agreement with 
the Calculation Agent or Paying Agent, if required under the Agency Agreement) with effect from the 
date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.4.4 the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading.  
6.4.5 Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 6.4 will be notified at least 10 Business Days (or such 
shorter period as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent and/or 
Paying Agents (as appropriate)) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), 
the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify (inter alia) the date (or the Interest 
Period) from which the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate shall take effect, 
whether any Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, 
Alternative Rate, and the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer:

--- Page 91 ---
A47398444 
91 
 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.4; and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation 
Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.4, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action 
in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 6.4, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, willful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing 
so. 
6.4.6  Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 6.4.1 (Independent Adviser) to 6.4.5 
(Notices, etc.), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.2 
(Interest on Reset Notes) or Condition 6.3.2.(a) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Screen Rate 
Determination) as applicable will continue to apply unless and until the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders have been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 
6.4.5 (Notices, etc.). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) on or before the date falling five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
(or Reset Determination Date) relating to the next Interest Period, or if a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate is not determined or adopted pursuant to the operation of this Condition 6.4 prior to 
such date, then the Rate of Interest (or the Reset Rate of Interest) for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 6.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or 
Condition 6.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes). 
6.4.7 Definitions

--- Page 92 ---
A47398444 
92 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.4, unless defined above: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
 (iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.4.2 (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.4.4 (Benchmark 
Amendments). 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:   
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or

--- Page 93 ---
A47398444 
93 
 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and 
(iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(iv) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of 
sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no 
longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the 
date of the relevant public statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense under Condition 6.4.1 (Independent Adviser). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified 
for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board, the European Systemic Risk Board, or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
7 
ZERO COUPON NOTES 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 94 ---
A47398444 
94 
 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on the 
basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date together with interest accrued (if any) to the date of 
redemption, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments). 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject as mentioned below) in whole, but not 
in part, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if 
any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer (1) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules of the Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or 
clarification to, the application of official or generally published interpretation (or application 
or interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or other rules, including the 
publication or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by any competent court or 
authority providing for a position with respect to such laws, regulations or other rules that 
differs from the previously generally accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written 
confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax treatment of the Notes, which 
change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures it deems appropriate; or 
(B) 
if early redemption for tax non-deductibility is specified in the relevant Final Terms, (1) 
deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes is materially reduced for 
Italian income tax purposes as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the 
laws or regulations or applicable accounting standards of the Republic of Italy or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any change 
in, or amendment or clarification to, the application of official or generally published 
interpretation (or application or interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, regulations 
or applicable accounting standards, including the publication or pronouncement of any decision 
or interpretation by any competent court or authority providing for a position with respect to 
such laws, regulations or other rules that differs from the previously generally accepted position 
or otherwise differs from prior written confirmation given by the competent authority in respect 
of tax treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on 
or after the date of issuance of the Notes; and (2) such non-deductibility cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,

--- Page 95 ---
A47398444 
95 
 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due or, in the case of (B), be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian 
income tax purposes. 
(b) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by a duly 
authorised representative of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts or, in the case of (B), 
is or will be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax purposes, in each case, as a result of 
such change, amendment or clarification. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 8.2. 
(c) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” shall be: (i) if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Tax Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Tax Event occurs 
before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the Notes, their Make Whole 
Amount or such other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 8.3 below is applicable if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders, at the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date. Upon the expiry of any 
such notice as is referred to in this Condition 8.3, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes or, as the case may 
be, the Notes specified in such notice, in accordance with this Condition 8.3. 
(b) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by 
the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 8.3(a) shall specify the 
serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
Condition 8.4 is applicable if the Noteholders Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.

--- Page 96 ---
A47398444 
96 
 
(b) 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8.4, the holder of a Note must, not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any 
Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The 
Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to 
the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 8.4, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so 
long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8.4, the 
depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all 
purposes. 
Condition 8.4A is applicable if the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
8.4A Clean-up Call Option 
In the event that at least 80% of the intial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been purchased 
or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than thirty 
(30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Clean-up) together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Clean-up)” means the amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
8.5 
Make Whole Amount 
(a) 
In relation to any early redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Early Redemption Amount (Tax) - if specified in the Final Terms to be the “Make Whole 
Amount” - shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the higher of (x) 100 per 
cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed; and (y) the sum of the present 
values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term 
Interest on such Note (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) and such present values 
shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis 
(assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, 
the number of days elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Condition 8.5: 
“FA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Calculation Agent as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date 
or (ii) if an Optional Redemption Date is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption 
Date of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an

--- Page 97 ---
A47398444 
97 
 
Optional Redemption Date is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of the 
Notes. 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the Final Terms. 
“Redemption Date” means the date fixed for redemption of the Notes in accordance with Condition 
8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond. 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the Calculation 
Agent obtains fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations. 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Redemption Date. 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer which are 
(A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the Final Terms on the Reference 
Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest (assuming each such scheduled interest payment to be due in full) on such Note 
for the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption Date is specified in 
the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of such Note determined on the basis of the rate 
of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Redemption Date. 
Condition 8.6 is applicable to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Instalment Notes. 
8.6 
Redemption by Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in such number of instalments, in such amounts (“Instalment 
Amounts”) and on such dates (“Instalment Amount Payment Date”) as will be specified in or 
determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms and upon each partial redemption as provided 
by this Condition 8.6 the outstanding principal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the 
relevant Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
8.7 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Condition 8.1 
(Scheduled redemption), Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer), Condition 8.4 (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 8.4A (Clean-
up Call Option) or Condition 8.6 (Redemption by Instalments) above.

--- Page 98 ---
A47398444 
98 
 
8.8 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(a) 
The Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date, or upon its becoming due and repayable pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default), 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
(b) 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 8.8 or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
8.9 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons are purchased 
therewith. 
8.10 Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered for 
cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed 
by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. Any Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and not so 
surrendered for cancellation may be reissued or resold. 
9 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full and save in the case of payment of an Instalment Amount (other than the final Instalment 
Amount)) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of sterling, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City 
of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 9(i) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States in the manner described in Condition 9(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Instalment Amounts: Payment of Instalment Amounts (other than the final Instalment Amount) in 
respect of an Instalment Note shall be made only against presentation of the Note together with the 
relevant Receipt in respect of such Instalment Amount and surrender of such Receipt. The Receipts are 
not and shall not in any circumstances be deemed to be documents of title and if separated from the

--- Page 99 ---
A47398444 
99 
 
Note to which they appertain will not represent any obligation of the Issuer. The presentation of a Note 
without the relative Receipt or the presentation of a Receipt without the Note to which it appertains 
shall not entitle the holder to any payment in respect of the relevant Instalment Amount. 
(d) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment 
of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by 
applicable United States law. 
(e) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) of that Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
“Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 9(a) 
(Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons.

--- Page 100 ---
A47398444 
100 
 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 9(g) is applicable 
or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any 
Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 8.4 (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), Condition 8.4A (Clean-up Call Option) or Condition 11 (Events of Default), all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment 
will be made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 9(d) 
(Payments in New York City) above). 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may 
be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, 
any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
10 TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the 
Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
 
to the extent that interest or any other amount payable is paid to a non-Italian resident entity or 
a non-Italian resident individual which is resident for tax purposes in one of the countries or 
territories not allowing the Italian tax authorities to obtain appropriate information in respect of

--- Page 101 ---
A47398444 
101 
 
the beneficiary of the payments made from the Republic of Italy (the states allowing for an 
adequate exchange of information with the Republic of Italy are those listed in Ministerial 
Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented); or 
 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian individual or an Italian legal 
entity not carrying out commercial activities (in particular (A) partnerships, de facto 
partnerships not carrying out commercial activities and professional associations, (B) public 
and private resident entities, other than companies, not carrying out commercial activities, (C) 
real estate investment funds referred to in Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and (D) certain other 
Persons exempt from corporate income tax) or to such other Italian resident entities which have 
been or may be identified by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and related 
regulations of implementation which have been or may subsequently be enacted (“Legislative 
Decree No. 239”); or 
 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Legislative Decree 
No. 239 have not been met or complied with except where such requirements and procedures 
have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
or 
 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note or Coupon on the 
last day of such period of 30 days; or 
 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or deduction is 
required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time; or 
 any combination of items (i) through (vii). 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as 
references to and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occurs: 
(A) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within five 
days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes within fifteen days of the due date for payment thereof; 
(B) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 
days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; 
(C) 
Cross default of Issuer: 
(1) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any 
originally applicable grace period; 
(2) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of default; or

--- Page 102 ---
A47398444 
102 
 
(3) 
the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (1) and/or sub-paragraph 
(2) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (3) 
above individually or in the aggregate exceeds Euro 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies);; 
(D) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed, of the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer; 
(E) 
Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) 
an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or the whole or substantially the whole of the 
undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer is appointed (or application for any such 
appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of 
its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any 
Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it or (iv) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry 
on all or any substantial part of its business other than in connection with a solvent 
reorganisation, reconstruction, amalgamation or merger; 
(F) 
Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, except for the purpose of and followed by (A) a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger or consolidation on terms 
approved by a resolution of the Noteholders, or (B) a Permitted Reorganisation; or; 
(G) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (D) to (F) above; 
(H) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, 
fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure that 
those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the 
Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of any relevant jurisdiction is not taken, fulfilled 
or done; or 
(I) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes,   
then, subject as stated below, any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and 
payable, at its principal amount (or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the amount indicated at Condition 
8.8 (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) together with accrued interest without further action or 
formality. 
12 PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are 
presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 103 ---
A47398444 
103 
 
13 REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent 
in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14 AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional 
or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of which require the appointment of a Paying Agent 
in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
15 MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER; SUBSTITUTION 
 
15.1 Meetings of Noteholders 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such 
modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not and irrespective of how their vote was cast at such meeting. 
(b) 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali, the following provisions shall apply 
but are subject to compliance with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in force and 
applicable to Assicurazioni Generali from time to time:

--- Page 104 ---
A47398444 
104 
 
(A) 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders’ Representative and 
shall be convened by either of them upon the request in writing of Noteholders 
holding not less than one-twentieth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes; 
(B) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held as a single call meeting (assemblea 
in unica convocazione) (“Single Call Meeting”) or as a multiple call meeting 
(i.e. each of the first, second and further call of the Meeting respectively and 
collectively, a (“Multiple Call Meeting”) if (i) in the case of a Single Call 
Meeting there are one or more persons present, being or representing Noteholders 
holding at least one-fifth of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding; or (ii) in the case of a Multiple Call Meeting, there are one or more 
persons present, being or representing Noteholders holding (a) at the initial 
meeting, more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes, or (b) at a second meeting, more than one third of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes, or (c) at a third meeting or any subsequent 
meeting, more than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes provided, however, that the quorum shall always be more than one half of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes for the purposes of 
considering a Reserved Matter and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer 
may from time to time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) 
require a higher (or, in the case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a regulated 
market, different) quorum at any such meeting which shall be indicated in the 
Notice convening the relevant Meeting; 
(C) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (including any meeting 
convened following adjournment of the previous meeting for want of quorum) 
will be one or more persons holding or representing at least two thirds of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented at the meeting, provided, 
however, that a Reserved Matter may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders by one or more persons holding or 
representing at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer may from time to time 
(to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) require a larger (or, in the 
case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a regulated market, different) 
majority which shall be indicated in the Notice convening the relevant Meeting. 
15.2 Noteholders’ Representative 
Pursuant to Articles 2415 and 2417 of the Italian Civil Code, a Noteholders’ Representative 
(rappresentante comune) may be appointed, inter alia, to represent the interests of Noteholders in 
respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali, such appointment to be made by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or by an order of a competent court at the request of one or more Noteholders or the Issuer. 
Each such Noteholders’ Representative shall have the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the 
Italian Civil Code. 
15.3 Modification 
The Notes, these Conditions and (in case the Notes are governed by English law) the Deed of 
Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a 
manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision

--- Page 105 ---
A47398444 
105 
 
thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification 
unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the 
opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
The following Condition 15.4 shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that the Substitution Provisions 
are applicable to the Notes. 
15.4 Substitution 
(a) 
Any duly incorporated Subsidiary of Assicurazioni Generali in good standing under the laws of its 
jurisdiction may, without the consent of the Noteholders, but with the prior written approval of 
Assicurazioni Generali, assume liability as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (the 
“Substituted Debtor”), provided that: 
(i) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the Substituted 
Debtor and, to the extent necessary, Assicurazioni Generali and the other parties to the 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, as may be necessary to give full effect to 
the substitution (the “Documents”) and (without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each 
Noteholder and each Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) to be bound by 
these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement as fully as if the 
Substituted Debtor had been named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of Assicurazioni 
Generali. An unconditional and irrevocable deed of guarantee substantially in the form 
annexed to the Agency Agreement shall be executed by Assicurazioni Generali whereby 
Assicurazioni Generali shall guarantee in favour of each Noteholder and each 
Accountholder the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such 
principal debtor substantially to the extent of, and in the terms specified in, the form of 
deed of guarantee annexed to the Agency Agreement (such guarantee is referred to in 
this Condition 15.4 as the “Substitution Guarantee” and such guarantor as the 
“Guarantor”; 
(ii) 
the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee shall contain a warranty and 
representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (a) that each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the giving of such 
Substitution Guarantee, (b) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
performance by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor of its obligations 
under the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (c) that the obligations assumed by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor are legal, valid and binding in accordance with 
their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder and each Accountholder 
(subject to all applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the 
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general equitable principles); 
(iii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from whom copies will be 
available to Noteholders (and if applicable Accountholders) (a) from lawyers of 
recognised standing as to matters of law of the jurisdiction of the place of incorporation 
of the Substituted Debtor confirming that upon the substitution taking place (1) the 
requirements of this Condition 15.4, save as to the giving of notice to the Noteholders,

--- Page 106 ---
A47398444 
106 
 
have been met, (2) the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement are legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Substituted Debtor (subject to all 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ 
rights generally and general equitable principles), (3) the Substituted Debtor is validly 
incorporated under the laws of its jurisdiction, and (4) that the Substituted Debtor has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
substitution and for the entry into and performance of the Documents and (b) from the 
legal counsel to the Guarantor confirming that upon the substitution taking place, (1) the 
Substitution Guarantee and the Documents are legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Guarantor, (2) the Guarantor has the power to enter into and perform 
the obligations to be assumed by the Guarantor in the Documents and the Substitution 
Guarantee, and (3) the Guarantor has obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for the entry into and the performance of the 
Documents and the Substitution Guarantee; 
(iv) 
each Rating Agency shall have confirmed to the Substituted Debtor, Assicurazioni 
Generali and the Fiscal Agent that after giving effect to such substitution and the giving 
of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes shall (to the extent they were rated by such 
rating agency prior to the substitution) continue to be rated the same as immediately 
prior to the substitution; 
(v) 
no right of redemption pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), any of the 
Documents or the Substitution Guarantee would become applicable on or as a result of 
such substitution; 
(vi) 
the appropriate regulatory authorities in Luxembourg shall have confirmed to the 
Substituted Debtor, Assicurazioni Generali and the Fiscal Agent that, after giving effect 
to such substitution and the giving of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes shall 
continue to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (provided that the relevant 
Notes were so listed prior to such substitution); and 
(vii) 
a certificate of solvency of the Substituted Debtor, signed by two directors of the 
Substituted Debtor shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions as referred to in paragraph 
(a) above; (A) the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (and, where the context 
requires, references to Assicurazioni Generali in its capacity as the issuer of the Notes will be replaced 
by references to the Substituted Debtor as the issuer of the Notes) and the Notes, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the foregoing as 
well as all other amendments incidental to such substitution, and (B) the Issuer shall be released from 
all of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement. 
(c) 
Counterparts of each of the Documents (which shall include the Conditions amended and restated to 
give effect to the substitution) and the Substitution Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the 
Fiscal Agent for so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made 
against the Substituted Debtor or the Guarantor by any Noteholder or Accountholder in relation to the 
Notes, the Documents or the Substitution Guarantee shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or 
discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents and the 
Substitution Guarantee the right of every Noteholder and Accountholder to the production of the

--- Page 107 ---
A47398444 
107 
 
Documents and the Substitution Guarantee for the enforcement of any of the Notes, Documents or 
Substitution Guarantee. 
(d) 
Not later than 20 days after the execution of the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee, the 
Substituted Debtor together with the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices). 
16 FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
17 NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) (or if such publication is not practicable, 
in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe) or, if the Notes which 
are listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall 
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
18 CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable 
under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the 
Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of 
any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from 
the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may 
in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum 
paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action. 
19 ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per 
cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all

--- Page 108 ---
A47398444 
108 
 
amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20 GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the 
Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except that Condition 
15.1(b) (Meetings of Noteholders) and the relevant provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning 
meetings of Noteholders of Assicurazioni Generali and the appointment of a Noteholders’ 
Representative (rappresentante comune), where applicable, are subject to compliance with the laws of 
the Republic of Italy. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England shall have 
jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (respectively, “Proceedings” and “Disputes”) and, 
for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have 
to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to 
settle any Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate 
forum. 
(d) 
Service of Process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to the person or persons for the time being registered at the Companies Register under Parts 
34 and 37 of the Companies Act 2006 and authorised to accept service of process in England on behalf 
of the Issuer. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its 
behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a 
person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer. Nothing in this paragraph 
shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
clause applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(e) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is applicable to the 
Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of Milan shall have 
jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (respectively, “Proceedings” and “Disputes”) and, 
for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts.

--- Page 109 ---
A47398444 
109 
 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have 
to the courts of Milan being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to 
settle any Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate 
forum. 
(d) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
(e) Waiver of trial by jury: Without prejudice to the remaining paragraphs of this Condition 20, the Issuer 
waives any right it may have to a jury of trial or cause of action in connection with the Agency 
Agreement and the Notes. These Conditions may be filed as a written consent to a bench trial. 
(f) 
Italian Civil Code: The Notes do not have the benefit of Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the 
extent applicable, Article 1819 of the Italian Civil Code.

--- Page 110 ---
A47398444 
110 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed in accordance with the provisions of 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms of the Tier 2 Notes, will be applicable to each Tranche of Tier 2 Notes. 
These Terms and Conditions, as so completed, shall be endorsed on each Tier 2 Note in definitive form issued 
under the Programme.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any Tier 2 Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Tier 2 Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
“Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
 
1 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. (“Assicurazioni Generali”) (the “Issuer”) has established 
a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of €15,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme in accordance with these terms and conditions of the 
Tier 2 Notes (the “Conditions”) are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms (the 
“Final Terms”) which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer 
may also issue Senior Notes pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Senior Notes (the “Senior 
Conditions”) and Tier 3 Notes pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Tier 3 Notes (the “Tier 3 
Conditions”).  
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be governed by English 
law are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement that is governed by English law; and the 
Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be governed by Italian law are the subject of an 
issue and paying agency agreement that is governed by Italian law, in each case, dated 25 May 2022 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, BNP 
Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression 
includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the 
paying agent named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set 
out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) and, where 
applicable, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying 
Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 111 ---
A47398444 
111 
 
2 
INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accounting Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.6 (Redemption and Purchase - 
Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event); 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Applicable Regulations” means the solvency margin, regulatory capital or capital regulations 
introduced or to be introduced in Italy which are applicable to Assicurazioni Generali (including for 
the purpose of any capital requirements or provisions of regulatory laws applicable from time to time 
with respect to internationally active insurance groups (IAIGs) and global systemically important 
insurers (G-SIIs)), which set out, inter alia, the Tier 2 Capital Requirements (including the Solvency II 
Directive, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the 
Solvency II Directive, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/981 of 8 March 2019 and any 
other applicable laws, legislation, rules and regulations as well as regulatory technical standards and 
implementing technical standards adopted in relation thereto, together with (to the extent applied by 
the Lead Regulator) published interpretation, guidance or guidelines of the foregoing); 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means: 
 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); and 
 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre (including 
Luxembourg); 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 112 ---
A47398444 
112 
 
 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means (i) other than in respect of the calculation of any Make Whole Amount 
pursuant to Condition 10.8 (Make Whole Amount), the Fiscal Agent or (ii) the Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Conditions for Redemption and Purchase” means each of the following conditions: 
 
no Solvency Capital Event has occurred and/or is continuing, and such redemption would not 
itself result in a Solvency Capital Event;  
 
the prior approval of the Lead Regulator has been obtained and such approval continues to be 
valid and effective at the relevant date;  
 
if and to the extent required under then Applicable Regulations in order for the Notes to be 
treated as regulatory capital, where any insurance or reinsurance undertaking included in the 
scope of group supervision of the Issuer under the Applicable Regulations (a “Relevant 
Undertaking”) is subject to a Relevant Proceeding (as defined below) at the time of the 
proposed redemption, all claims owed by the Relevant Undertaking to its policyholders and 
beneficiaries have been met; and 
 
to the extent required under then prevailing Applicable Regulations, any alternative or 
additional pre-condition to redemption or purchase of the Notes are met, 
unless, in each case, such Condition for Redemption is no longer a requirement under the Applicable 
Regulations at such time in order for the Notes to be recognised in the determination of own funds. 
For the purposes of sub-(iii) above, “Relevant Proceeding” means the winding-up of a Relevant 
Undertaking under applicable laws of the jurisdiction of the Relevant Undertaking in circumstances 
where the assets of the Relevant Undertaking (in the reasonable determination of the Issuer) may or

--- Page 113 ---
A47398444 
113 
 
will be insufficient to meet all amounts which, under applicable legislation or rules relating to the 
winding-up of insurance companies, the policyholders and beneficiaries are entitled to receive 
pursuant to a contract of insurance or reinsurance of the Relevant Undertaking. 
“Consolidated Banking Law” means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended from time to time; 
“Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies” means Italian Legislative Decree No. 209 of 
7 September 2005, as amended from time to time; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Dated Subordinated Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali” means any existing or future 
unconditional, unsecured, subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali with a specified maturity 
date, including Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali and More Senior Dated 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali, but excluding Deeply Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali and More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows:

--- Page 114 ---
A47398444 
114 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷1) 
360
 
 
where 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows; 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷1) 
360
 
where:

--- Page 115 ---
A47398444 
115 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
“Deferred Interest Payment Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5.2 (Deferral of Interest - 
Arrears of Interest); 
“Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means subordinated notes issued by 
Assicurazioni Generali that are expressed to be deeply subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni 
Generali, with a specified maturity date or with no specified maturity date, and shall include Notes 
issued by Assicurazioni Generali under these Conditions that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to 
have the status of Deeply Subordinated Notes; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event)” has the meaning given in Condition 10.6 
(Redemption and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event); 
“Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event)” has the meaning given in Condition 10.5 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event); 
“Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory)” has the meaning given in Condition 10.4 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event); 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount, subject to any 
purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment, expressed as the amount per Calculation 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Generali Finance” means Generali Finance B.V., which has merged with and incorporated into 
Assicurazioni Generali following the Generali Finance Merger;  
“Generali Finance Merger” means the merger of Generali Finance with, and its incorporation into, 
Assicurazioni Generali with effect as of 9 April 2018; 
“Generali Perpetual Notes” means any existing or future direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of Assicurazioni Generali with no specified maturity date or with a maturity date linked to

--- Page 116 ---
A47398444 
116 
 
the duration of Assicurazioni Generali (other than More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali or Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali); 
“Guarantee of More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Generali Finance” means, in respect of More 
Deeply Subordinated Notes issued by Generali Finance under the Programme, the guarantee thereof 
given by Assicurazioni Generali in its capacity as guarantor in the deed of guarantee entered into in 
relation to the issue of such More Deeply Subordinated Notes, provided that Assicurazioni Generali 
has replaced, by operation of law, Generali Finance as issuer of these notes following the Generali 
Finance Merger; 
“Hybrid Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali” means the Generali Perpetual Notes and any other 
obligation of Assicurazioni Generali (other than obligations (if any) in respect of More Deeply 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali or Guarantee of More Deeply Subordinated Notes of 
Generali Finance) from time to time expressed by its terms to rank pari passu therewith or to rank 
junior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali;  
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Initial Interest Payment Date(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“IVASS” means the Istituto per la Vigilanza sulle Assicurazioni, the Italian supervisory body for 
insurance;

--- Page 117 ---
A47398444 
117 
 
“Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali” means (A) all classes of share capital (including 
preference shares – azioni privilegiate – and savings shares – azioni di risparmio, if any) of 
Assicurazioni Generali; (B) any obligation, including preferred securities, guarantees or similar 
instruments issued by Assicurazioni Generali which rank junior to the Subordinated Notes; and (C) 
any guarantee or similar instrument from Assicurazioni Generali, ranking junior to the Subordinated 
Notes, covering the preferred securities or preferred or preference shares issued by a Subsidiary of 
Assicurazioni Generali; 
“Lead Regulator” means IVASS, or any successor entity of IVASS, or any other competent lead 
regulator to which Assicurazioni Generali becomes subject; 
“Legislative Decree No. 239” has the meaning given in Condition 12 (Taxation); 
“Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa” means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as described in 
Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Law or Articles 245 ff of the Consolidated Law on 
Private Insurance Companies, as the case may be; 
“Make Whole Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 10.8 (Make Whole Amount); 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms and if the relevant Final Term specifies 
that Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is applicable, shall mean (a) for 
each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Pre-Call); and 
(b) from each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Post-
Call), in each case, as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin (Pre-Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin (Post-Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Capital Requirement” means the minimum capital requirement (and, where applicable, 
the minimum consolidated group Solvency Capital Requirement) referred to, and calculated in 
accordance with, applicable provisions set forth under, the Solvency II Directive and Applicable 
Regulations, where non-compliance with the Minimum Capital Requirement shall be deemed to have 
occurred if the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Minimum Capital Requirement of the 
Issuer, on a solo or, where applicable, consolidated basis, is less than the Minimum Capital Requirement 
of the Issuer; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means subordinated notes issued by 
Assicurazioni Generali (or in respect of which Assicurazioni Generali has replaced, by operation of 
law, Generali Finance as issuer following the Generali Finance Merger) that are expressed to be more 
deeply subordinated obligations of the issuer, with a specified maturity date or with no specified 
maturity date; 
“More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Generali Finance” means subordinated notes issued by 
Generali Finance that are expressed to be more deeply subordinated obligations of Generali Finance, 
with a specified maturity date or with no specified maturity date, provided that Assicurazioni Generali 
has replaced, by operation of law, Generali Finance as issuer of these notes following the Generali 
Finance Merger;

--- Page 118 ---
A47398444 
118 
 
“More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means subordinated notes 
issued by Assicurazioni Generali that are expressed to be more senior subordinated obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali with a specified maturity date, and shall include notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali under the Programme pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Tier 3 Notes; 
“Optional Deferral Conditions” has the meaning given in Condition 5.1 (Optional Deferral of 
Interest); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, the amount per Calculation 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Parity Securities” means, in relation to a Subordinated Note, (A) any obligations, guarantees or 
instruments issued by Assicurazioni Generali which rank equally with such Subordinated Note 
(including the obligations of Assicurazioni Generali deriving from a subordinated guarantee granted in 
connection with the issue of subordinated notes by Generali Finance and the obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali in its capacity as issuer of Subordinated Notes); and (B) any instruments issued 
by a Subsidiary of Assicurazioni Generali which have the benefit of a guarantee or similar instrument 
from Assicurazioni Generali, which guarantee or similar instrument ranks equally with such 
Subordinated Note; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Permitted Repurchase” means (1) any redemption, repurchase or other acquisition of Junior 
Securities of Assicurazioni Generali held by any member of its group; (2) a reclassification of the 
equity share capital of Assicurazioni Generali or any of its Subsidiaries or the exchange or conversion 
of one class or series of equity share capital for another class or series of equity share capital; (3) the 
purchase of fractional interest in the share capital of Assicurazioni Generali or any of its Subsidiaries 
pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such security being converted or exchanged; (4) 
any redemption or other acquisition of Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali in connection with a 
levy or execution for the satisfaction of a claim by Assicurazioni Generali or any of its Subsidiaries; or 
(5) any redemption or other acquisition of Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali in connection

--- Page 119 ---
A47398444 
119 
 
with the satisfaction by Assicurazioni Generali or any of its Subsidiaries of its obligations under any 
employee benefit plan or similar arrangement; 
“Permitted 
Reorganisation” means an amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, 
consolidation or restructuring whilst solvent whereby the assets and undertaking of the Issuer (or, in 
the case of a demerger, all or substantially all of such assets and undertaking) are vested in a body 
corporate in good standing and such body corporate (i) assumes or maintains (as the case may be) 
liability as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and (ii) continues substantially to carry on the 
business of the Issuer as reported in the Issuer’s most recently published audited financial statements 
immediately prior to such amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, consolidation or 
restructuring; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms, and if the relevant Final Term 
specifies that Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is applicable, shall mean 
(a) for each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Initial Rate of 
Interest; and (b) from each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Rate 
of Interest (Post-Call); 
“Rating Agency” means each of Moody’s Investors Service Ltd and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited  
and/or AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. (or their respective affiliates) and/or any other rating 
agency indicated in the relevant Final Terms, and any of their respective successors; 
“Rating Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.5 (Redemption and Purchase - Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event); 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory), the Early Redemption Amount (Rating 
Event), the Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in Condition 8 (Interest); 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means:

--- Page 120 ---
A47398444 
120 
 
 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Regulatory Event” has the meaning given in Condition 10.4 (Redemption and Purchase – Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event); 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
“Relevant Existing Indebtedness” means the following Dated Subordinated Obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali if and for so long as their terms and conditions do not permit the Issuer to issue 
subordinated obligations ranking senior thereto: 
- 
€750,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes due July 2042 (XS0802638642) issued in July 2012 
(first call July 2022), in a principal amount outstanding of €301,600,000; 
- 
€1,250,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes due December 2042 (XS0863907522) issued in 
December 2012 (first call December 2022), in a principal amount outstanding of €467,600,000; 
- 
€1,000,000,000 Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due May 2026 (XS1062900912) issued in May 
2014, in a principal amount outstanding of €1,000,000,000; 
- 
€1,250,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due October 2047 
(XS1311440082) issued in October 2015 (first call October 2027), in a principal amount 
outstanding of €1,250,000,000; and 
- 
€850,000,000 Fixed/Floating Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due June 2048 (XS1428773763) 
issued in June 2016 (first call June 2028), in a principal amount outstanding of €850,000,000, 
 
in each case, as at 25 May 2022; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in Condition 8.3 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service and Moneyline Telerate Service) 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate;

--- Page 121 ---
A47398444 
121 
 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and includes any proposal 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the 
amount of principal or, as the case may be, interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter 
the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or 
maturity or the date for any such payment, to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or 
the conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any 
other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; to change the currency of any payment under 
the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution or to amend the definition of “Reserved Matter”; 
“Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali that are expressed to be senior subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali having a 
specified maturity date, and shall include Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under these 
Conditions that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to have the status of Senior Dated Subordinated 
Notes; 
“Senior Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali that are 
expressed to be senior unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali having a 
specified maturity date, and shall include notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Senior Notes; 
“Solvency II Directive” means Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 25 November 2009 on the taking up and pursuit of the business of insurance and reinsurance 
(solvency II) (as amended) and any applicable implementing provisions; 
A “Solvency Capital Event” is deemed to have occurred if: (i) there is non-compliance with the 
Solvency Capital Requirement, or the payment of interest or principal on the Notes would lead to such 
non-compliance; or (ii) any other event has occurred which, under the Applicable Regulations in order 
for the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital, would require payment of interest or principal on the Notes 
to be deferred or suspended;  
“Solvency Capital Requirement” means the solo and/or group solvency capital requirement of the 
Issuer referred to, and calculated in accordance with applicable provisions set forth under, the Solvency 
II Directive and Applicable Regulations, provided that: 
(a) 
non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement shall be deemed to have occurred if the 
amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Solvency Capital Requirement of the Issuer, 
whether at solo or group level, is less than the solo or, as the case may be, group Solvency 
Capital Requirement of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
references to the Solvency Capital Requirement shall be read as references to the Minimum 
Capital Requirement where non-compliance with the Minimum Capital Requirement occurs 
before non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement; 
“Solvency Margin” means the own funds eligible to cover Assicurazioni Generali’s Solvency Capital 
Requirement and/or, as the case may be, Minimum Capital Requirement, in each case, as determined 
pursuant to the Applicable Regulations; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 122 ---
A47398444 
122 
 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subordinated Note” means, in relation to subordinated notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under 
the Programme (or in respect of which Assicurazioni Generali has replaced, by operation of law 
Generali Finance as the issuer), a note specified as a More Senior Dated Subordinated Note of 
Assicurazioni Generali, a Senior Dated Subordinated Note of Assicurazioni Generali, a Deeply 
Subordinated Note of Assicurazioni Generali or a More Deeply Subordinated Note of Assicurazioni 
Generali; 
“Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means the More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes 
of Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme, the Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali, the Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali and/or More Deeply 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”): 
 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” or “TARGET Business Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is 
open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
“Tax Event” means any of the events referred to in paragraphs (a)(A) or (B) of Condition 10.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons). 
“Tier 2 Capital” means own funds or capital resources which have the necessary features to be 
classified as Tier 2 under the Applicable Regulations; 
“Tier 2 Capital Requirements” means the requirements of the Lead Regulator for instruments to 
qualify as Tier 2 Capital for capital adequacy purposes in respect of the relevant company, either on a 
solo or on a consolidated basis, pursuant to the Applicable Regulations; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;

--- Page 123 ---
A47398444 
123 
 
 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; and 
 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is 
“not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner 
for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other 
interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be 
liable for so treating such holder. With reference to any Note that is governed by English law, no Person shall 
have any right to enforce any term or condition of any such Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999. 
4 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
Condition 4.1 below is applicable only to Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as Senior Dated Subordinated Notes. 
4.1 
Status – Senior Dated Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Status of Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali: The Notes are Senior Dated 
Subordinated Notes and constitute unconditional and unsecured subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. The Notes rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and:  
(i) 
for so long as any Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, pari passu with (x) such 
Relevant Existing Indebtedness and (y) More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali;  
(ii) at least equally with all other Dated Subordinated Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali 
which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer;  
(iii) junior to any unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured obligations of Assicurazioni Generali 
(including any Senior Notes of Assicurazioni Generali and the policyholders of Assicurazioni

--- Page 124 ---
A47398444 
124 
 
Generali) and, provided that no Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, More Senior 
Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali; and  
(iv) senior to any obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes (including obligations (if any) of Assicurazioni 
Generali under Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali, More Deeply 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali, Guarantee of More Deeply Subordinated 
Notes of Generali Finance and Hybrid Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali). 
(b) 
Winding-up etc. of the Issuer: The claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes are, in the event of the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter 
alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer subordinated to all other current and future 
unsubordinated and unprivileged claims on the Issuer and, provided that no Relevant Existing 
Indebtedness is outstanding, to all More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to Noteholders will, in the event of the winding-up, 
dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) 
of the Issuer, only be made after all preferred and non-preferred unsubordinated obligations and, 
provided that no Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali, in each case admissible in any 
such winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa) of the Issuer have been satisfied in full or after an arrangement or composition has 
been arrived at with them under which they have given full discharge against receipt of part of their 
claim. 
The Notes rank in priority to claims of holders of any Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali; holders of any More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali; holders of 
any Hybrid Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali; holders of any other Dated Subordinated 
Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali other than Relevant Existing Indebtedness to the extent that 
the claims of such holders rank - at the time of the winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer - junior to the Notes; and the shareholders of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of 
any jurisdiction, in respect of such Note. 
Condition 4.2 below is applicable only to Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Deeply Subordinated Notes. 
4.2 
Status – Deeply Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Status of Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali: The Notes are Deeply 
Subordinated Notes and constitute unconditional and unsecured subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. The Notes rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and: 
(i) 
equally with all other Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali which are 
expressed to be deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer; 
(ii) junior to any unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured obligations of the Issuer (including 
any Senior Notes of Assicurazioni Generali) and to any More Senior Dated Subordinated 
Notes of Assicurazioni Generali and Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali; and

--- Page 125 ---
A47398444 
125 
 
(iii) senior to any subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes (including obligations (if any) of 
Assicurazioni Generali in respect of More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali, Guarantee of More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Generali Finance and Hybrid 
Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali). 
(b) 
Winding-up etc. of the Issuer: The claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes are, in the event of the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter 
alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer subordinated to all other current and future 
unsubordinated and unprivileged claims on the Issuer and to all More Senior Dated Subordinated 
Notes of Assicurazioni Generali and Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to Noteholders will, in the event of the winding-up, 
dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) 
of the Issuer, only be made after all preferred and non-preferred unsubordinated obligations, all 
More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali and all Senior Dated 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali admissible in any such winding-up, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer have been 
satisfied in full or after an arrangement or composition has been arrived at with them under which 
they have given full discharge against receipt of part of their claim. 
The Notes rank in priority to claims of holders of any subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
expressed to rank junior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali, holders of the 
More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali, holders of any Hybrid Obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali and the shareholders of the Issuer and rank junior to the claims of holders of 
any More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali and Senior Dated 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali. 
(c) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of 
any jurisdiction, in respect of such Note. 
5 
 DEFERRAL OF INTEREST 
Condition 5.1 below is applicable only to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that 
Optional Deferral of Interest is applicable. 
5.1 
Optional Deferral of Interest 
(a) 
The Issuer may elect, by giving notice to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5.4 (Notice of 
Interest Deferral) below, to defer payment of all (or, where Optional Deferral Conditions A apply 
and a partial distribution referred to in limb (ii) of the definition of Optional Deferral Conditions A 
below has been made in the relevant Look Back Period, a corresponding proportion) of the interest 
accrued to an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes if the Fiscal Agent has received written 
notice from the Issuer that the Optional Deferral Conditions are met on such Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
“Optional Deferral Conditions” means, as indicated in the Final Terms, Optional Deferral 
Conditions A or Optional Deferral Conditions B, where 
“Optional Deferral Conditions A” shall be met on an Interest Payment Date: 
(i) 
if during the Look Back Period:

--- Page 126 ---
A47398444 
126 
 
1. 
(x) no dividend or other distribution has been declared, made or approved or set aside 
for payment in respect of any Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali; or (y) no 
dividend or other distribution has been declared, made, approved or set aside for 
payment in respect of any Parity Securities of Assicurazioni Generali; and 
2. 
(x) neither Assicurazioni Generali nor any of its Subsidiaries has redeemed, 
repurchased or acquired any Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali (other than a 
Permitted Repurchase); or (y) neither Assicurazioni Generali nor any of its 
Subsidiaries has redeemed, repurchased or acquired any Parity Securities of 
Assicurazioni Generali; 
(ii) if during the Look Back Period a partial distribution has been declared, made, approved or 
set aside for payment in respect of any Parity Securities of Assicurazioni Generali, 
save that in the case of sub-(i) and sub-(ii) above, the Issuer shall nonetheless be entitled to defer 
interest on the Notes (and the Optional Deferral Conditions shall be deemed to be met) 
notwithstanding (a) the occurrence, during the relevant Look Back Period, of any of the events 
described at sub-(i) or sub-(ii) above, where in each such case the relevant occurrence was 
mandatory in accordance with, or pursuant to, the terms and conditions of the relevant security; (b) 
any dividend or distribution in the form of share capital (and, for the sake of clarity, not other form 
of Junior or Parity Securities) of any class, warrants, options or other rights where such dividend or 
relevant share capital issuable upon exercise of such warrants, options or other rights is the same 
class of share capital as that on which the dividend or distribution is being declared or paid or ranks 
pari passu with or junior to such class of share capital; or (c) any redemption, repurchase or 
acquisition made below par; and 
“Optional Deferral Conditions B” shall be met on an Interest Payment Date if, during the Look 
Back Period, no dividend or other distribution has been declared, made or approved or set aside for 
payment in respect of the ordinary shares of Assicurazioni Generali (excluding any dividend or 
distribution in the form of share capital (and, for the sake of clarity, not other form of Junior or Parity 
Securities) of any class, warrants, options or other rights where such dividend or relevant share 
capital issuable upon exercise of such warrants, options or other rights is the same class of share 
capital as that on which the dividend or distribution is being declared or paid or ranks pari passu 
with or junior to such class of share capital). 
“Look Back Period” means, as indicated in the Final Terms, either Look Back Period A or Look 
Back Period B, where: 
“Look Back Period A” means the 6-month (or 3-month for securities (other than shares) where 
remuneration is paid every 3 months) period prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date; or 
“Look Back Period B” means the 12-month (or 6-month or 3-month, respectively, for securities 
(other than shares) where remuneration is paid every 6 months or 3 months, respectively) period 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
“Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 
2(a) (Interpretation – Definitions). 
“Parity Securities” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions). 
“Permitted Repurchase” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions).

--- Page 127 ---
A47398444 
127 
 
(c) 
If the Issuer elects to defer all or part of an interest payment pursuant to this Condition 5.1 
(Optional Deferral of Interest), it shall not have any obligation to make such interest payment on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date, and the failure to pay such interest shall not constitute a default 
of the Issuer or any other breach of obligations under the Conditions or for any purpose. 
Condition 5.2 below is applicable only to Subordinated Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms state that Mandatory Deferral of Interest is applicable. 
5.2 
Mandatory Deferral of Interest 
5.2.1 Mandatory Deferral of Interest for Solvency Capital Event  
The Issuer shall defer payment of all of the interest accrued to an Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Notes upon the occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event (or, in the case where the payment of interest would 
itself result in the occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event, all or part of the interest amount that would result 
in such occurrence), in each case until the Solvency Capital Event has been remedied and any payment of 
Deferred Interest (as defined in Condition 5.2 below) would not lead to a Solvency Capital Event. 
5.2.2 In addition, the Issuer shall defer any payment of interest accrued to an Interest Payment Date or arrears of 
interest if: 
(a) payment of the relevant interest would result in, or accelerate, the Issuer becoming insolvent in 
accordance with provisions of the relevant insolvency laws and rules and regulations thereunder 
(including any applicable decision of a court) applicable to the Issuer from time to time; or 
(b) the Lead Regulator notifies Assicurazioni Generali that it has determined that Assicurazioni Generali’s 
financial and solvency condition is deteriorating in such a manner that its Solvency Margin would fall 
below the Solvency Capital Requirement in the short term. 
5.2.3 Without prejudice to Condition 5.3 (Arrears of Interest), if the Issuer is required to defer all or part of an 
interest payment pursuant to Condition 5.2.1 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest for Solvency Capital Event) or 
otherwise defers any payment of interest pursuant to Condition 5.2.2, it shall not have any obligation to 
make such interest payment on the relevant Interest Payment Date, and the failure to pay such interest on 
such Interest Payment Date shall not constitute a default of the Issuer, or any other breach of obligations 
under the Conditions or for any purpose. The Issuer shall give notice of such deferral of interest to the 
Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5.4 (Notice of Interest Deferral). 
5.2.4 Notwithstanding the provisions set out in Conditions 5.2.1 and 5.2.2 above, interest accrued to an Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Notes which the Issuer has deferred, or would otherwise be required to defer, 
upon the occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event may be paid by the Issuer if all of the following conditions 
are met: 
 
the Lead Regulator has exceptionally waived the deferral of interest; 
 
the payment does not further weaken the solvency position of the Issuer as determined in accordance 
with the Applicable Regulations; and 
 
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied with immediately following the payment of 
such interest is made. 
Where this Condition 5.2.4 applies, the Issuer may make the relevant interest payment on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or, if later, the date following satisfaction of all the aforementioned conditions (which 
date shall be specified by the Issuer in the notice to the Noteholders), provided that no additional interest 
shall be due from the Issuer even if such date falls after the relevant Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 128 ---
A47398444 
128 
 
5.3 
Arrears of Interest 
(a) Any unpaid amounts of interest deferred pursuant to Condition 5.1 (Optional Deferral of Interest) 
and/or Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest) will constitute arrears of interest (“Deferred 
Interest”). Deferred Interest shall not bear interest. 
(b) Deferred Interest: 
(i) 
may – subject to the provisions of Condition 5.2.1 and Condition 5.2.2 – at the option of the 
Issuer be paid in whole or in part at any time; and 
(ii) 
shall become due and payable on the earliest of: 
(x) 
the first Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Deferred Interest 
Payment Event (provided that in the case of sub-(a) of Deferred Interest Payment 
Event Option A, Deferred Interest shall become due and payable in whole or, as the 
case may be, in part pari passu and pro rata with such other pari passu claims) and on 
which mandatory deferral of interest pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.2.1 and 
Condition 5.2.2 is not required; 
(y) 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption), the date fixed for 
any optional or mandatory redemption of the Notes; or 
(z) 
the date on which the Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa of Assicurazioni Generali is 
commenced pursuant to the Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies or on 
which the Issuer becomes subject to a liquidation order, 
provided that the Lead Regulator has given and has not withdrawn its prior consent to payment of the 
relevant amounts (to the extent required at the time in accordance with then applicable regulations in 
order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital). 
“Deferred Interest Payment Events” means: 
(A) 
if “Deferred Interest Payment Events Option A” is indicated in the Final Terms, any 
of the following events: 
(a) 
Assicurazioni Generali makes payment in whole or in part in respect of amounts 
of interest on or in relation to any other pari passu claims unless such payment is 
itself mandatory in accordance with its terms and conditions; 
(b) 
dividends or other distributions on any Junior Securities of Assicurazioni 
Generali have been declared or paid, unless (a) such declaration or payment is 
itself mandatory in accordance with, or pursuant to, the terms and conditions of 
such security; or (b) such dividend or distribution is in the form of share capital 
of any class, warrants, options or other rights where such dividend or relevant 
share capital issuable upon exercise of such warrants, options or other rights is 
the same class of share capital as that on which the dividend or distribution is 
being declared or paid or ranks pari passu with or junior to such class of share 
capital; 
(c) 
dividends or other distributions on any Parity Securities of Assicurazioni Generali 
have been declared or paid, unless such declaration, payment or distribution is 
itself mandatory in accordance with the terms and conditions of such security;

--- Page 129 ---
A47398444 
129 
 
(d) 
any Junior Securities of Assicurazioni Generali are redeemed, repurchased or 
acquired by Assicurazioni Generali or any of its Subsidiaries, unless a Permitted 
Repurchase or redeemed, repurchased or acquired below par; 
(e) 
any Parity Securities of Assicurazioni Generali are redeemed, repurchased or 
acquired by Assicurazioni Generali or any of its Subsidiaries, unless redeemed, 
repurchased or acquired below par; or 
(f) 
in relation to those Notes in respect of which the Final Terms state that 
Mandatory Deferral of Interest is applicable and the relevant Deferred Interest 
results from a mandatory deferral pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.2.1 
and/or Condition 5.2.2, the Fiscal Agent receives written notice from the Issuer 
stating that the event or circumstance that gave rise to such deferral has been 
remedied; and 
(B) 
if “Deferred Interest Payment Events Option B” is indicated in the Final Terms, any 
of the following events: 
(a) 
dividends or other distributions on ordinary shares of Assicurazioni Generali have 
been declared or paid, unless such dividend or distribution is in the form of share 
capital of any class, warrants, options or other rights where such dividend or 
relevant share capital issuable upon exercise of such warrants, options or other 
rights is the same class of share capital as that on which the dividend or 
distribution is being declared or paid or ranks pari passu with or junior to such 
class of share capital; 
(b) 
ordinary shares of Assicurazioni Generali are redeemed, repurchased or acquired 
by Assicurazioni Generali or any of its Subsidiaries, unless a Permitted 
Repurchase; or 
(c) 
in relation to those Notes in respect of which the Final Terms state that 
Mandatory Deferral of Interest is applicable and the relevant Deferred Interest 
results from a mandatory deferral pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.2.1 
and/or Condition 5.2.2, the Fiscal Agent receives written notice from the Issuer 
stating that the event or circumstance that gave rise to such deferral has been 
remedied; 
(C) 
if “Deferred Interest Payment Events Option C” is indicated in the Final Terms, in 
relation to those Notes in respect of which the Final Terms state that Mandatory Deferral 
of Interest is applicable and the relevant Deferred Interest results from a mandatory 
deferral pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.2.1 and/or Condition 5.2.2, the Fiscal 
Agent receives written notice from the Issuer stating that the event or circumstance that 
gave rise to such deferral has been remedied; and 
(D) 
if “Deferred Interest Payment Events Option D” is indicated in the Final Terms, 
dividends or other distributions on ordinary shares of Assicurazioni Generali have been 
declared or paid, unless such dividend or distribution is in the form of share capital of 
any class, warrants, options or other rights where such dividend or relevant share capital 
issuable upon exercise of such warrants, options or other rights is the same class of share 
capital as that on which the dividend or distribution is being declared or paid or ranks 
pari passu with or junior to such class of share capital

--- Page 130 ---
A47398444 
130 
 
5.4 
Notice of Interest Deferral 
The Issuer shall give not less than 5 Business Days prior notice to the Paying Agents and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices): 
 
of any Interest Payment Date on which, pursuant to the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 5.1 
(Optional Deferral of Interest) or Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest), interest (or, as 
appropriate, the part thereof specified in the notice) will be deferred; and 
 
of any date on which any interest amount will be paid in accordance with Condition 5.2.4 (if 
Noteholders have been previously notified of the deferral of interest), or amounts in respect of any 
Deferred Interest shall be paid in accordance with Condition 5.3 (Arrears of Interest), 
provided that in any case where interest is not paid pursuant to Condition 5.2.1 or Condition 5.2.2, if it is 
not practicable to deliver the notice of deferral referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above at least 5 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such notice shall be delivered as soon as practicable 
thereafter; and provided further that failure to deliver such notice shall not invalidate the relevant deferral of 
interest. 
6 
CONDITIONS FOR REDEMPTION 
6.1 
Any redemption of Notes on the Maturity Date or on any date fixed for optional redemption pursuant to 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 
10.6A (Clean-up Call Option), is subject to (i) satisfaction of the Conditions for Redemption and Purchase 
on the relevant redemption date or waiver thereof in accordance with Condition 10.11 (Waiver of 
Redemption Suspension); and (ii) redemption of the Notes will not result in, or accelerate, the Issuer 
becoming insolvent in accordance with the provisions of the relevant insolvency laws and rules and 
regulations thereunder (including any applicable decision of a court) applicable to the Issuer from time to 
time. 
6.2 
In case the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 above are not satisfied, redemption of the Notes shall be 
suspended and, unless Condition 10.11 (Waiver of Redemption Suspension) applies: 
(a) the Maturity Date (in the case of a redemption of the Notes on the scheduled maturity date) shall be 
postponed in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 10.1.1(b) (Scheduled redemption); 
(b) the date fixed for optional redemption, in the case of an optional redemption pursuant to Condition 
10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 10.6A 
(Clean-up Call Option), shall be postponed in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 
10.10(b) (Postponement of optional redemption dates),  
in each case, regardless of any prior notice of redemption that may already have been delivered to the 
Noteholders and interest will – subject to the applicable interest deferral provisions of these terms and 
conditions – continue to accrue on the principal amount outstanding of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Interest) until such Notes are redeemed in full pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption and 
Purchase). 
6.3 
Failure to redeem the Notes on the original Maturity Date or the date fixed for any optional redemption 
pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the

--- Page 131 ---
A47398444 
131 
 
Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or 
Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option), in the circumstances described in Condition 6.1 above shall not 
constitute a default of the Issuer or any other breach of obligations under the Conditions or for any purpose. 
6.4 
The Issuer shall give not less than 5 Business Days prior notice to the Paying Agents and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of any date on which redemption of the Notes is to be suspended 
and the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the date fixed for optional redemption of the Notes, will be 
postponed pursuant to Condition 6.2 above, provided that if it is not practicable to deliver such notice at 
least 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the date fixed for any optional redemption 
pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or 
Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option), such notice shall be delivered as soon as practicable thereafter; 
provided further that failure to deliver such notice shall not invalidate the suspension of redemption of the 
Notes. 
Condition 7 below is applicable only to Notes in respect of which the Final Terms state that Change of interest 
following Optional Redemption Date (Call) applies. 
7 
INITIAL AND POST-CALL INTEREST PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in these 
Conditions, in arrear on the Initial Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
7.2 
Post-Call Interest Provisions: If the Issuer does not redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 10.3 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), the Notes will bear interest for each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at such Rate of Interest (Post-Call) as will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms payable, subject as 
provided in these Conditions, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call). 
8 
INTEREST 
Condition 8.1 below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
8.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
8.1.1 Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date (or the applicable 
Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in these Conditions. Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as before 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to 
that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).

--- Page 132 ---
A47398444 
132 
 
8.1.2 Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall 
be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall 
be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. Payment of any 
Broken Amount will be made on the Interest Payment Date so specified in the Final Terms. 
8.1.3 Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by 
the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in 
the case of euro, means one cent. 
Condition 8.2 is applicable to the Notes only if the relevant Final Term specifies that Interest Basis reset on 
Reset Date as being applicable. 
8.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
8.2.1 Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date to 
but excluding the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after 
the Issue Date), at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2.2 Interest Basis Reset Provisions: The Notes will bear interest in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there is 
more than one Reset Period, each successive Reset Period thereafter) at the relevant Reset Rate (as will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with this 
Condition 8.2) payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2.3 Accrual of interest: Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Mid Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Mid Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed 
rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit 
in the swap market; and (c) has a floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid Swap 
Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent).

--- Page 133 ---
A47398444 
133 
 
“Mid Swap Benchmark Rate” means the benchmark rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset 
Period. 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the Calculation Agent 
obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all 
such quotations. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice of 
an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities 
dealers, and their respective successors; or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as 
a percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
“Reset Date(s)” means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Determination Date” means, for each Reset Period, the date as specified in the Final Terms falling 
on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying during such 
Reset Period will be determined. 
“Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date (if any) if there is only Reset Period or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each period from (and 
including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset Date up to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (if any). 
“Reset Rate” for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset Reference Rate and (ii) the 
applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded down). 
“Reset Rate Screen Page” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Rate Time” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Reference Rate” means either: 
(A) 
if “Mid Swaps” is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed on the Reset Rate 
Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for 
such Reset Period; or 
(B) 
if “Reference Bond” is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a

--- Page 134 ---
A47398444 
134 
 
price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
relevant Reference Bond Price. 
8.2.4 Reset Rate Screen Page: if the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, or the Mid-Swap Rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, then subject to Condition 8.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide it with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference Rate at approximately the Reset Rate 
Time on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of 
the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 8.2.4: 
(a) 
if Option A is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Reset Rate shall 
be the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
if Option B is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be the Reset Reference Rate that 
most recently appeared on the Reset Rate Screen Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable 
Reset Margin (if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purpose of this Condition 8.2.4, “Reference Banks” means four (or, if the Principal Financial 
Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the Reset Reference Rate and “Independent 
Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense for the purpose of 
this Condition 8.2.4. 
8.2.5 Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the 
Reset Notes for each relevant period (in the case of Interest Periods falling after the Reset Date, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Reset Reference Rate is to be determined in relation to such Reset 
Interest Period) by applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the case may be) to 
the Calculation Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). 
For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one 
cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be aggregate of the amounts (determined in the 
manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
8.2.6 Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause the Reset Rate and each Interest Amount for each Reset 
Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination but in any event not later than the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
8.2.7 Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 135 ---
A47398444 
135 
 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
Condition 8.3 is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
8.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
8.3.1 Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date (or the applicable 
Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8.3.2 Rate of Interest 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
A. 
Floating Rate Notes other than SONIA Linked Interest Notes, SOFR, CMS Linked Interest Notes or 
€STR Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as

--- Page 136 ---
A47398444 
136 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a 
period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
B. 
Floating Rate Notes which are SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be, subject to Condition 8.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), Compounded Daily SONIA with 
respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions set out below: 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph B: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the third 
decimal place, with 0. 0005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−pLBD ×  𝑛𝑖
365
)
 𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period to, 
but excluding, the last London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from and including the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the end of such Interest Period (or the date

--- Page 137 ---
A47398444 
137 
 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
If in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the 
“Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with the paragraph above, in the 
event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA reference rate is to be 
determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
the SONIA reference rate for any London Banking Day “i” for the purpose of the relevant Series of 
Notes for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 8.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 138 ---
A47398444 
138 
 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of 
Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, 
be that determined on such date. 
C. 
Floating Rate Notes which are SOFR Linked Interest Notes  
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be, subject to Condition 8.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), USD-SOFR-COMPOUND with respect 
to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions set out below. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph C: 
“USD-SOFR-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as defined below) as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as 
follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.0000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
360
)
 𝑑0
𝑖=1
 −1] x 360
𝑑 
 
where:  
“d0”, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Period;  
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;  
“SOFRi”, if applicable as defined in the Final Tems, means: 
(a) for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a Cut-off Date (as defined below), 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding such Cut-off Date, and 
(b) for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is not a Cut-off Date (i.e., a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the Cut-off Period), the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Cut-off Date of the relevant Interest Period (such last Cut-off Date coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date);  
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 139 ---
A47398444 
139 
 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from and including the 
date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the end of such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Day included 
in the Observation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Cut-off Date” means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from, and including, 
the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date (such period, the “Cut-off Period”). For any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the Cut-off Period, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as defined below) in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding the last Cut-off Date in the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Cut-off Date coinciding with the Interest Determination Date) shall 
apply; 
“Secured Overnight Financing Rate” means:  
(a) the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or 
any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “New York Fed’s 
Website”) on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding such day; or 
(b) if the daily secured overnight financing rate does not appear on a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as specified above, unless both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date (each as defined below) have occurred, the daily secured overnight 
financing rate in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such 
rate was published on the New York Fed’s Website, 
provided that if the daily secured overnight financing rate does not appear on a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as specified in paragraph (a), and both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the provisions of Condition 8.4 (Benchmark 
discontinuation) below shall apply; 
“SOFR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
(a) a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
the daily secured overnight financing rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the daily secured overnight financing rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide a daily secured 
overnight financing rate; or  
(b) the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor administrator of the daily secured overnight financing rate) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the daily secured overnight financing rate permanently or

--- Page 140 ---
A47398444 
140 
 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the daily secured overnight financing rate; or  
(c) a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
the daily secured overnight financing rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing swap transactions; 
“SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the 
date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the daily 
secured overnight financing rate), ceases to publish the daily secured overnight financing rate, or the 
date as of which the daily secured overnight financing rate may no longer be used. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 8.4 (Benchmark 
discontinuation), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
D. 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the CMS Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions set out 
below:  
 
where “CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
 
where “Leveraged CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(b) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
 
where “Steepener CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 141 ---
A47398444 
141 
 
Either: 
(c) where “Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or 
(d) where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
 
where “Call Spread CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
L x Min [Max (CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
where: 
 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M = Margin 
As used above: 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with 
a maturity of the Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage", "Margin", “Relevant Screen Page” 
and “Relevant Time”  shall have the meanings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap 
Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
For the purpose of this Condition 8.3.2D: 
“Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 142 ---
A47398444 
142 
 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or 
the ISDA Definitions; and 
 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall 
consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it 
shall consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice. 
E. 
Floating Rate Notes which are €STR Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + €STRi × ni
360
)
 d0
i=1
 −1] × 360
d  
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business Day and no €STR 
Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall 
be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank.  
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business Day and both an 
€STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB 
Recommended Rate.

--- Page 143 ---
A47398444 
143 
 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business 
Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, 
then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on 
or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references 
to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining term to 
maturity of the Notes.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the Observation Period on 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there no such preceding Interest Determination Date 
and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, the rate of €STR for 
each TARGET Business Day in the Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date were references to the latest published €STR (though substituting, in each case, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period).  
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(E):  
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period.  
“do” for any Interest Period, is:  
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Observation Period.  
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as 
the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR)

--- Page 144 ---
A47398444 
144 
 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;  
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:  
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or  
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate;  
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no 
longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;  
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of 10 July 
2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time;  
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which banks may 
use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the 
national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means:  
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business 
Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of 
the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or  
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event occurred;

--- Page 145 ---
A47398444 
145 
 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate representing the wholesale 
Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the European 
Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in 
case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business 
Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day;  
“€STRi” means:  
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the €STR for the TARGET Business Day “i”;  
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events, as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:  
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central Bank (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or  
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of 
€STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR;  
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, the first 
date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;  
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business Day in: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to 
such Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to 
such Observation Period.  
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread;

--- Page 146 ---
A47398444 
146 
 
“ni ” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period;  
“Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Period, the period from and including the date 
falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” TARGET Business 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET 
Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
“p” means:  
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of TARGET Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number 
is specified, five TARGET Business Days); or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
in relation to any Interest Period, the number of TARGET Business Days included in the 
Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is 
specified, five TARGET Business Days).  
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European Central Bank currently 
at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially designated by the European Central 
Bank. 
(b) 
ISDA Determination:  
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
8.3.3 Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) 
or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable

--- Page 147 ---
A47398444 
147 
 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in 
the Reference Rate. 
8.3.4 Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
8.3.5 Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The amount of interest payable in respect of any 
Note for any period will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
8.3.6 Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or 
times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8.3.7 Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it 
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate 
of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of 
a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
8.3.8 Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes.

--- Page 148 ---
A47398444 
148 
 
8.3.9 For the purposes of this Condition 8.3, unless defined above, 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market; and in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate 
other than EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the 
interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Rate” means, as specified in the Final Terms, (i) the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”); (ii) the Singapore interbank offered rate (“SIBOR”); (iii) the Tokyo interbank offered rate 
(“TIBOR”); (iv) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”); (v) the bank rate of the Bank of 
England (the “Bank of England Base Rate”), in each case, for the relevant currency and for the relevant 
period (if applicable), as specified for each in the Final Terms, or otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means the financial centre specified as such in the Final Terms or if none is 
so specified: (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Brussels; (ii) in the case of a determination of 
SIBOR, Singapore; (iii) in the case of a determination of TIBOR, Tokyo; (iv) in the case of a determination 
of HIBOR, Hong Kong; or (v) in the case of a determination of the Bank of England Base Rate, London. 
8.4  
Benchmark discontinuation 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or 8.3 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
required Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 8.4 shall apply. 
8.4.1 Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 8.4.2 (Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with 
Condition 8.4.3 (Adjustment Spread) below) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 8.4.4 (Benchmark Amendments) below). 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8.4 shall act in good faith and (in the 
absence of bad faith, gross negligence or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 8.4.  
8.4.2  Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 8.4), with effect as 
from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, as specified in the notice delivered 
pursuant to Condition 8.4.5 (Notices, etc.) below; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 8.4), with effect as from the date or, as the case may be, Interest 
Period, as specified in the notice delivered pursuant to Condition 8.4.5 (Notices, etc.) below.

--- Page 149 ---
A47398444 
149 
 
8.4.3  Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
8.4.4 Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 8.4 and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner, determines (A) 
that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable regulations or guidelines on 
the use of benchmarks or other related documents published by the competent regulatory authority 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8.4.5 
(Notices, etc.), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments (subject to 
prior agreement with the Calculation Agent or Paying Agent, if required under the Agency Agreement) 
with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 8.4.4 the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8.4, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any 
Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the 
relevant Notes as Tier 2 Notes, or otherwise result in the relevant authority treating the next Interest 
Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
8.4.5 Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 8.4 will be notified  at least 10 Business Days (or such 
shorter period as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent and/or 
Paying Agents (as appropriate)) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify (inter alia) the date (or 
the Interest Period) from which the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate shall take 
effect, whether any Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, 
Alternative Rate, and the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread

--- Page 150 ---
A47398444 
150 
 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8.4; and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation 
Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8.4, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action 
in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 8.4, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, willful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing 
so. 
8.4.6 Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 8.4.1 (Independent Adviser) to 8.4.5 
(Notices, etc.), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 8.2 
(Interest on Reset Notes) or Condition 8.3.2.(a) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Screen Rate 
Determination) as applicable will continue to apply unless and until the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders have been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 
8.4.5 (Notices, etc.). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) on or before the date falling five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
(or Reset Determination Date) relating to the next Interest Period, or if a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate is not determined or adopted pursuant to the operation of this Condition 8.4 prior to 
such date, then the Rate of Interest (or the Reset Rate of Interest) for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or 
Condition 8.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes). 
8.4.7 Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.4, unless defined above:

--- Page 151 ---
A47398444 
151 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the Issuer determines, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 8.4.2 (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4.4 4 (Benchmark 
Amendments). 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:   
 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
 
the making of the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to

--- Page 152 ---
A47398444 
152 
 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and 
(iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(iv) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of 
sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no 
longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the 
date of the relevant public statement. The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the 
Issuer and promptly notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense under Condition 8.4.1 (Independent Adviser). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified 
for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board, the European Systemic Risk Board, or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
9 
ZERO COUPON NOTES 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on the 
basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal

--- Page 153 ---
A47398444 
153 
 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
10 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
10.1 
Redemption 
Condition 10.1.1 below applies to Senior Dated Subordinated Notes and to Deeply Subordinated Notes 
which, as stated in the Final Terms, have a specified maturity date. 
10.1.1 Scheduled redemption of Notes with specified maturity date 
(a) Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will (subject as mentioned below) 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date together with interest accrued (if 
any) to the date of redemption (including Deferred Interest, if applicable), subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). 
(b) The redemption in accordance with this Condition 10.1.1 of Notes on the Maturity Date is subject to 
the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption). If the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 
are not satisfied, redemption of the Notes will be suspended and – unless Condition 10.11 (Waiver of 
Redemption Suspension) applies - the Maturity Date will be postponed to the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date notified by the Issuer on giving at least 5 Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) following the day on which the relevant conditions 
set out in Condition 6.1(i) and/or (ii), as the case may be, that were not satisfied are satisfied 
(and provided that they continue to be satisfied on the date of redemption); or 
(B) 
the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are instituted in respect of 
the Issuer (otherwise than for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation) in accordance with, 
as the case may be, (aa) a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer; (bb) any 
provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the duration of Assicurazioni Generali is set 
at 31 December 2131, though if this is extended, redemption of the Notes will be equivalently 
adjusted), as applicable; or (cc) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of any 
jurisdictional or administrative authority. 
Condition 10.1.2 below applies to Deeply Subordinated Notes which, as stated in the Final Terms, do not 
have a specified maturity date. 
10.1.2 Redemption of Deeply Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity date 
The Notes are perpetual securities in respect of which there is no maturity date. Subject to the provisions of 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) and Condition 
10.6A (Clean-up Call Option), in each case, if applicable, the Notes will become immediately due and 
payable at their Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (including Deferred Interest, if 
applicable) by the Issuer on the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are 
instituted in respect of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation) in 
accordance with, as the case may be, (aa) a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer; (bb) any 
provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the duration of Assicurazioni Generali is set at 31 
December 2131 though if this is extended, redemption of the Notes will be equivalently adjusted), as 
applicable; or (cc) any applicable legal provision, or any decision of any jurisdictional or administrative 
authority.

--- Page 154 ---
A47398444 
154 
 
10.1.3 The Notes may not be redeemed at the option of Noteholders. 
10.1.4 Any redemption of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10.1.1(b)(B) and Condition 10.1.2(a) is subject 
to prior approval of the Lead Regulator (if so required). 
10.2 Redemption for tax reasons 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject as mentioned below) in whole, but not 
in part, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall - subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) - be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for 
redemption (including Deferred Interest, if applicable), if: 
(A) 
the Issuer (1) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to 
in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the 
laws, regulations or other rules of the Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any change in, or amendment 
or clarification to, the application of official or generally published interpretation (or 
application or interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or other rules, 
including the publication or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by any 
competent court or authority providing for a position with respect to such laws, regulations or 
other rules that differs from the previously generally accepted position or otherwise differs 
from prior written confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax treatment 
of the Notes, which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures it deems appropriate; or 
(B) 
(1) deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes is materially reduced 
for Italian income tax purposes as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, 
the laws or regulations or applicable accounting standards of the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of 
any change in the application of official or generally published interpretation (or application 
or interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or applicable accounting 
standards, including the publication or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by 
any competent court or authority providing for a position with respect to such laws, 
regulations or other rules that differs from the previously generally accepted position or 
otherwise differs from prior written confirmation given by the competent authority in respect 
of tax treatment of the Notes, which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on 
or after the date of issuance of the Notes; and (2) such non-deductibility cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due or, in the case of (B), be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax 
purposes, and provided further that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.2 on the 
date fixed for redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption), 
Condition 10.7 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) and 
Condition 10.10 (Postponement of optional redemption dates).

--- Page 155 ---
A47398444 
155 
 
(b) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by a duly 
authorised representative of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts or, in the case of (B), 
the Issuer is or will be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax purposes, in each case, as 
a result of such change, amendment or clarification. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 10.2, the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption)) redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.2. 
(c) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” shall be: (i) if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Tax Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Tax Event occurs 
before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the Notes, their Make Whole 
Amount or such other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.3 below is applicable if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
10.3 Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall - subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) - be irrevocable and oblige 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) 
to such date (including Deferred Interest, if applicable). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is 
referred to in this Condition 10.3, the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions 
for Redemption)) redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice, in 
accordance with this Condition 10.3. 
(b) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with this 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by 
the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10.3(a) shall specify 
the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(c) 
Any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.3 on the date fixed for redemption is 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) and Condition 10.10 
(Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
Condition 10.4 is applicable if Regulatory Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 156 ---
A47398444 
156 
 
10.4 Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event 
(a) 
If at any time Assicurazioni Generali determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred and is 
continuing with respect to the Notes, such Notes will be redeemable in whole or, if the relevant Final 
Terms states that Partial Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event applies, in part at the option 
of the Issuer, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall - subject to the provisions of Condition 
6 (Conditions for Redemption) - be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory) 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption (including Deferred Interest, if 
applicable), provided that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.4 on the date 
fixed for redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption), 
Condition 10.7 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) and 
Condition 10.10 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.4, 
“Regulatory Event” means that: 
(i) 
Assicurazioni Generali is no longer subject to the consolidated regulatory supervision of the 
Lead Regulator; 
(ii) 
as the result of new or amended Tier 2 Capital Requirements or any change by the Lead 
Regulator in its interpretation thereof, the Notes (or the Lead Regulator notifies to 
Assicurazioni Generali that the Notes), in whole or in part, no longer qualify (or can no longer 
be treated) as at least Tier 2 Capital, except where this is merely the result of exceeding any 
then applicable limits on the inclusion of the Notes as own funds, or Tier 2 Capital, as the 
case may be; or  
(iii) 
the Applicable Regulations are supplemented or amended in relation to provisions specifically 
governing internationally active insurance groups (IAIG) and/or global systemically 
important insurers (G-SII) and where, following such supplement and/or amendment, the 
Notes would likely not (or no longer) be recognised (in whole or in part) as capital resources 
of at least the same tier pursuant to such provisions, including after the expiration of 
transitional rules, if any, except where this is merely the result of exceeding any then 
applicable limits on the inclusion of the Notes as capital resources. 
(c) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory)” shall be: (i) if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Regulatory Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Regulatory Event 
occurs before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the Notes, their 
Make Whole Amount or such other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.5 is applicable if Rating Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
10.5 Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event 
(a) 
If at any time the Issuer determines that a Rating Event has occurred with respect to the Notes, such 
Notes will be redeemable in whole or in part at the option of the Issuer, at any time, on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
(which notice shall - subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) - be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event), together with interest accrued (if any) 
to the date fixed for redemption (including Deferred Interest, if applicable), provided that any

--- Page 157 ---
A47398444 
157 
 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.5 on the date fixed for redemption is subject to 
the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption), Condition 10.7 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) and Condition 10.10 (Postponement of 
optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.5, “Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if there is a 
change in the rating methodology (or the interpretation thereof) by a recognized international statistical 
rating organisation as such methodology is in effect on the date when the capital treatment was 
assigned to the Notes for the first time (the “current methodology”), and as a consequence of such 
change, the capital treatment of the Notes by such organisation for the Issuer’s group shall be amended 
in such a way that is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer materially unfavourable. 
(c) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.5, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a written communication from the relevant 
international statistical rating organisation confirming the change in the current methodology and a 
certificate signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating that the circumstances 
described in the definition of Rating Event have occurred. 
(d) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event)” shall be: (i) if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Rating Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Rating Event 
occurs before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the Notes, their 
Make Whole Amount or such other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.6 is applicable if Accounting Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
10.6 Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event 
(a) 
If at any time the Issuer determines that an Accounting Event has occurred with respect to the Notes, 
such Notes will be redeemable in whole or, if so stated in the Final Terms, in part at the option of the 
Issuer, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall – subject to the provisions of Condition 6 
(Conditions for Redemption) – be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event), 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption (including Deferred Interest, if 
applicable), provided that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.6 on the date 
fixed for redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption), 
Condition 10.7 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) and 
Condition 10.10 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.6,  
an “Accounting Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if (x) an opinion of a recognised accounting 
firm has been delivered to the Fiscal Agent, stating that as a result of any change in or amendment to 
Applicable Accounting Standards, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of the Notes, the Issuer must not or must no longer record the obligations under the Notes as 
liabilities on its consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with Applicable Accounting 
Standards; and (y) this cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and 
“Applicable Accounting Standards” means the accounting standards applied by Assicurazioni 
Generali for its published consolidated financial statements as applicable at the relevant dates and for 
the relevant periods.

--- Page 158 ---
A47398444 
158 
 
(c) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.6, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of a recognised accounting 
firm to the effect set out under sub-paragraph (b)(x) above. 
(d) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event)” shall be: (i) if the Issuer’s Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Accounting Event occurs on or after 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the 
Accounting Event occurs before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer’s Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes, their Make Whole Amount or such other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.6A is applicable if the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
10.6A Clean-up Call Option 
(a) 
In the event that at least 80% of the intial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been purchased 
or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than thirty 
(30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) redeem all, but not some only, of the oustanding Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Clean-up) together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
(b) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Clean-up)” means the amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
10.7 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date 
For so long as this is a requirement under applicable legislation at the relevant time in order for the 
Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, any redemption pursuant to Condition 10.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), 
Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event),  Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption 
due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option) may not take place prior to 
the fifth anniversary after the Issue Date, unless:  
(A) 
such redemption is (i) effected by way of exchange for, or conversion of such Notes into 
another basic own-fund item of at least the same quality; or (ii) made out of the proceeds of a 
new basic own-fund item of at least the same quality, provided that the exchange, conversion or 
redemption is subject to the approval of the Lead Regulator; or  
(B) 
all of the following conditions are met:  
(a) 
the Solvency Capital Requirement of the Issuer (on a solo and consolidated basis) after 
the redemption, will be exceeded by an appropriate margin, taking into account the 
solvency position, including medium-term capital plan, of the Issuer (on a solo and 
consolidated basis); and 
(b) 
the circumstances are as described in point (i) or (ii): 
(i) 
in the case of a redemption of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10.4 
(Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), the Lead Regulator 
considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; and the Issuer demonstrates 
to the satisfaction of the Lead Regulator that the regulatory reclassification of 
the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance;

--- Page 159 ---
A47398444 
159 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a redemption of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), there is a change in the applicable tax treatment 
of the Notes which the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Lead 
Regulatory is material and was not reasonable foreseeable at the time of their 
issuance; and 
(C) 
in the case of either (A) or (B), to the extent permitted under then prevailing Applicable 
Regulations, any alternative or additional pre-conditions to such redemption (if any) under then 
prevailing Applicable Regulation that need to be met in order for the Notes to be redeemed at 
such time are met. 
10.8 Make Whole Amount 
(a) 
In relation to any early redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event) or Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event), the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), the 
Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event) or, as the case may be, the Early Redemption Amount 
(Accounting Event) - if specified in the Final Terms to be the “Make Whole Amount” - shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the higher of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed; and (y) the sum of the present values of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Note 
(exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by 
discounting such amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year 
consisting of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days 
elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Condition 10.8: 
“FA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Calculation Agent as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or 
(ii) if an Optional Redemption Date is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date 
of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of 
a comparable maturity to the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption 
Date is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of the Notes. 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the Final Terms. 
“Redemption Date” means the date fixed for redemption of the Notes in accordance with Condition 
10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), 
Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event) or Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption 
due to an Accounting Event), as the case may be. 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond. 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the Calculation Agent 
obtains fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of 
all such quotations.

--- Page 160 ---
A47398444 
160 
 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as 
a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Redemption Date. 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer which are (A) 
primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the Final Terms on the Reference 
Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest (assuming each such scheduled interest payment to be due in full) on such Note 
for the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption Date is specified in the 
Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of such Note determined on the basis of the rate of 
interest applicable to such Note from and including the Redemption Date. 
10.9  
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Condition 10.1.1 
(Scheduled redemption of Notes with specified maturity date), Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 
10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), or Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option). 
10.10   
Postponement of optional redemption dates 
(a) 
Any redemption of the Notes notified to Noteholders pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 
10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option) 
shall be suspended (in whole or in part), and the Issuer shall not be entitled to give any notice of 
redemption pursuant to the aforementioned Conditions, if the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 are not 
satisfied. 
(b) 
Following any suspension of redemption in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above, 
the date originally fixed for redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 
10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or, as the case may be, Condition 10.6A (Clean-
up Call Option) shall (unless Condition 10.11 (Waiver of Redemption Suspension) applies) be postponed 
to the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date notified by the Issuer on giving at least 5 Business Days’ notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) following the day on which the 
relevant conditions set out in Condition 6.1(i) and/or (ii), as the case may be, that were

--- Page 161 ---
A47398444 
161 
 
not satisfied are satisfied (and provided that they continue to be satisfied on the date of 
redemption); or 
(B) 
the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are instituted in 
respect of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation) in 
accordance with, as the case may be, (aa) a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of 
the Issuer; (bb) any provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the duration of 
Assicurazioni Generali is set at 31 December 2131 though if this is extended, 
redemption of the Notes will be equivalently adjusted), as applicable; or (cc) any 
applicable legal provision, or any decision of any jurisdictional or administrative 
authority. 
10.11 
Waiver of Redemption Suspension 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) and of Condition 10.10 
(Postponement of optional redemption dates), the Notes may be redeemed even though there is non-
compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement or redemption or repayment would lead to such 
non-compliance, where all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
all of the Conditions for Redemption and Purchase are met other than the condition 
under paragraph (i) of such definition; 
(ii) 
the Lead Regulator has exceptionally waived the suspension of redemption of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed is replaced by at least equivalent 
capital with the consent of the Lead Regulator; and 
(iv) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement is complied with after the redemption 
(together, the “Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension”). 
(b) 
The Issuer shall give at least 5 Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices) informing the Noteholders of the day on which any redemption that has been suspended 
may take place following satisfaction of the Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if the Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension have been satisfied before 
any suspension of redemption has been notified to the Noteholders in accordance with these 
Conditions, no notice needs to be given by the Issuer under this Condition 10.11. 
10.12 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(a) 
The Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date, or upon its becoming due and repayable pursuant to Condition 13 (Events of Default), 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
(b) 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10.12 or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.

--- Page 162 ---
A47398444 
162 
 
10.13  
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons are purchased 
therewith. Any purchase of the Notes is subject to the prior approval of the Lead Regulator unless such 
prior approval is no longer required under applicable legislation at the relevant time in order for the 
Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. Any such purchase is, unless such purchase is deemed 
not to be a repayment or redemption in accordance with the Applicable Regulations, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) (where references therein to redemption of the 
Notes shall be construed as purchases of the Notes) and is subject furthermore to any additional 
requirements under Applicable Regulations at the relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer. 
10.14  
Disapplication of call rights 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Issuer may, at any time and in its sole discretion, waive any of 
the call rights pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 
10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event), or Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option) (each of such call rights, an 
“Extraordinary Call Right”) for a (definite or indefinite) period of time to be determined by the Issuer 
(the “Inapplicability Period”) by notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
Any notice so given will be irrevocable and shall specify the Inapplicability Period(s) during which the 
Issuer shall cease to have the respective Extraordinary Call Right(s). 
10.15 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered for 
cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed 
by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. Any Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and not so 
surrendered for cancellation may be reissued or resold. 
11 PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of sterling, a town clearing branch of a bank in 
the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States in the manner described in Condition 11(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States

--- Page 163 ---
A47398444 
163 
 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment 
of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by 
applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) of that Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
“Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 11(a) 
(Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(f) is applicable 
or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any 
Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 
(Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option) or

--- Page 164 ---
A47398444 
164 
 
Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 11(c) 
(Payments in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may 
be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, 
any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
12 TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts on interest, premium and other income from the Notes (but not, 
unless permitted by then prevailing Applicable Regulations, principal or any other amount) as will 
result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
for payment: 
 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the 
Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
 
to the extent that interest or any other amount payable is paid to a non-Italian resident entity or 
a non-Italian resident individual which is resident for tax purposes in one of the countries or 
territories not allowing the Italian tax authorities to obtain appropriate information in respect of 
the beneficiary of the payments made from the Republic of Italy (the states allowing for an 
adequate exchange of information with the Republic of Italy are those listed in Ministerial 
Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented); or

--- Page 165 ---
A47398444 
165 
 
 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian individual or an Italian legal 
entity not carrying out commercial activities (in particular (A) partnerships, de facto 
partnerships not carrying out commercial activities and professional associations, (B) public 
and private resident entities, other than companies, not carrying out commercial activities, (C) 
real estate investment funds referred to in Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and (D) certain other 
Persons exempt from corporate income tax) or to such other Italian resident entities which have 
been or may be identified by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and related 
regulations of implementation which have been or may subsequently be enacted (“Legislative 
Decree No. 239”); or 
 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Legislative Decree 
No. 239 have not been met or complied with except where such requirements and procedures 
have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
or 
 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note or Coupon on the 
last day of such period of 30 days; or 
 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or deduction is 
required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time; or 
 any combination of items (i) through (vii). 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as 
references to and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occur: 
(A) 
Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer otherwise than for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation or on terms 
previously approved by the Noteholders; 
(B) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in (A) above, 
then, any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer 
or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall 
become immediately due and payable at its principal amount (or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the 
amount indicated at Condition 10.12 (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) together with accrued interest 
(if any) (including Deferred Interest, if applicable) without further action or formality. 
14 PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are 
presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 166 ---
A47398444 
166 
 
15 REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent 
in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
16 AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional 
or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of which require the appointment of a Paying Agent 
in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
17 MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER; MODIFICATION 
AND/OR EXCHANGE FOLLOWING A REGULATORY EVENT, TAX EVENT,RATING 
EVENT OR ACCOUNTING EVENT; SUBSTITUTION 
 
17.1 Meetings of Noteholders 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such 
modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not and irrespective of how their vote was cast at such meeting. 
(b) 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali, the following provisions shall apply

--- Page 167 ---
A47398444 
167 
 
but are subject to compliance with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in force and 
applicable to Assicurazioni Generali from time to time: 
(A) 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders’ Representative and 
shall be convened by either of them upon the request in writing of Noteholders 
holding not less than one-twentieth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes; 
(B) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held as a single call meeting (assemblea 
in unica convocazione) (“Single Call Meeting”) or as a multiple call meeting 
(i.e. each of the first, second and further call of the Meeting respectively and 
collectively, a (“Multiple Call Meeting”) if (i) in the case of a Single Call 
Meeting there are one or more persons present, being or representing Noteholders 
holding at least one-fifth of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding; or (ii) in the case of a Multiple Call Meeting, there are one or more 
persons present, being or representing Noteholders holding (a) at the initial 
meeting, more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes, or (b) at a second meeting, more than one third of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes, or (c) at a third meeting or any subsequent 
meeting, more than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes provided, however, that the quorum shall always be more than one half of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes for the purposes of 
considering a Reserved Matter and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer 
may from time to time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) 
require a higher (or, in the case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a regulated 
market, different) quorum at any such meeting which shall be indicated in the 
Notice convening the relevant Meeting; 
(C) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (including any meeting 
convened following adjournment of the previous meeting for want of quorum) 
will be one or more persons holding or representing at least two thirds of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented at the meeting, provided, 
however, that a Reserved Matter may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders by one or more persons holding or 
representing at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer may from time to time 
(to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) require a larger (or, in the 
case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a regulated market, different) 
majority which shall be indicated in the Notice convening the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 Noteholders’ Representative 
Pursuant to Articles 2415 and 2417 of the Italian Civil Code, a Noteholders’ Representative 
(rappresentante comune) may be appointed, inter alia, to represent the interest of Noteholders in 
respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali, such appointment to be made by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or by an order of a competent court at the request of one or more Noteholders or the Issuer. 
Each such Noteholders’ Representative shall have the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the 
Italian Civil Code.

--- Page 168 ---
A47398444 
168 
 
17.3 Modification 
These Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Lead Regulator (unless such 
approval is not required by applicable law at the relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer). The Notes, these Conditions and (in case the Notes are governed by English 
law) the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree 
to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a 
manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Condition 17.4 below applies if the Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Modification Provisions or the 
Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
17.4 Modification and/or Exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or 
Accounting Event 
(a) 
Where a Regulatory Event, a Tax Event, a Rating Event or an Accounting Event, which is stated in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable for the purposes of this Condition 17.4, has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, 
(A) 
where the Final Terms state that Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Modification 
Provisions are applicable, modify the terms of the Notes to the extent that such 
modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no such Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event, would exist after such 
modification; or 
(B) 
where the Final Terms state that Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange 
Provisions are applicable, exchange all (but not some only) of the Notes for Qualifying 
Securities so that the relevant Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as 
applicable, Accounting Event that has occurred would no longer exist in relation to the 
Qualifying Securities, 
in each case, provided that, following such modification or, as applicable, exchange: 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of, in the case of sub-(A) above, the Notes, as so modified (the 
“modified Notes”) or, in the case of sub-(B) above, the Qualifying Securities, are – in 
the Issuer’s reasonable determination after having consulted an independent investment 
bank of international standing - no more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Notes prior to such modification or exchange (the “existing 
Notes”) provided that any modification may be made in accordance with paragraphs (ii) 
to (iv) below or, as applicable, any exchange of existing Notes for a basic own-fund item 
of at least the same quality that meet the requirements set out in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) 
below (“Qualifying Securities”), shall not constitute a breach of this paragraph (i); and 
(ii) 
either the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the modified Notes or, as 
applicable, Qualifying Securities (x) continues to be the Issuer, or (y) is substituted in 
accordance with Condition 17.5 (Substitution); and

--- Page 169 ---
A47398444 
169 
 
(iii) 
the modified Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities rank at least equal to the 
existing Notes prior to such modification or exchange and feature the same tenor, 
principal amount, redemption amounts, at least the same interest rates (including 
applicable margins), the same interest payment dates, first call date (if any) and any 
early redemption rights (if any) as under the existing Notes for Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event, the same existing rights to any accrued 
interest, any Deferred Interest and any other amounts payable under the modified Notes 
or, as applicable, the Qualifying Securities, as the existing Notes prior to such 
modification or exchange and do not contain any terms providing for loss absorption 
through principal write-down or conversion into ordinary shares; and 
(iv) 
the modified Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities continue to be listed on a 
regulated market (for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EC) of an internationally recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer 
(provided that the existing Notes were so listed prior to the occurrence of such 
Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event), 
and provided further that: 
(1) 
Assicurazioni Generali obtains approval of the proposed modification or exchange from 
the Lead Regulator (unless such approval is no longer required by applicable law at the 
relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer) or gives 
prior written notice (if such notice is required to be given) to the Lead Regulator and, 
following the expiry of all relevant statutory time limits, the Lead Regulator is no longer 
entitled to object or impose changes to the proposed modification or exchange; 
(2) 
the modification or exchange does not give rise to a change in any published rating of 
the existing Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the existing Notes were rated prior 
to the occurrence of such Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, 
Accounting Event); 
(3) 
the modification or exchange does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to 
exercise any option to redeem the modified Notes or the Qualifying Securities that does 
not already exist prior to such modification or exchange, without prejudice to the 
provisions under Condition 10.3 (Redemption and purchase - Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer); 
(4) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the form shown 
in the Agency Agreement, signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer 
stating that conditions (i) to (iv) and (1) to (3) above have been complied with, such 
certificate to be made available for inspection by Noteholders; and 
(5) 
in the case of any proposed modifications or an exchange owing to a Tax Event, the 
Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Tax Event can be avoided by the proposed 
modifications or exchange. 
(b) 
In connection with any modification or exchange as indicated in this Condition 17.4, the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are then 
listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 170 ---
A47398444 
170 
 
The following Condition 17.5 shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that the Substitution Provisions 
are applicable to the Notes. 
17.5 Substitution 
(a) 
Any duly incorporated Subsidiary of Assicurazioni Generali in good standing under the laws of its 
jurisdiction may, without the consent of the Noteholders, but with the prior written approval of 
Assicurazioni Generali, assume liability as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (the 
“Substituted Debtor”), provided that: 
(i) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the Substituted 
Debtor and, to the extent necessary, Assicurazioni Generali and the other parties to the 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, as may be necessary to give full effect to 
the substitution (the “Documents”) and (without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each 
Noteholder and each Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) to be bound by 
these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement as fully as if the 
Substituted Debtor had been named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of Assicurazioni 
Generali. An unconditional and irrevocable deed of guarantee substantially in the form 
annexed to the Agency Agreement shall be executed by Assicurazioni Generali whereby 
Assicurazioni Generali shall guarantee in favour of each Noteholder and each 
Accountholder the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such 
principal debtor substantially to the extent of, and in the terms specified in, the form of 
deed of guarantee annexed to the Agency Agreement (such guarantee is referred to in 
this Condition 17.5 as the “Substitution Guarantee” and such guarantor as the 
“Guarantor”); 
(ii) 
the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee shall contain a warranty and 
representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (a) that each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the giving of such 
Substitution Guarantee, (b) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
performance by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor of its obligations 
under the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (c) that the obligations assumed by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor are legal, valid and binding in accordance with 
their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder and each Accountholder 
(subject to all applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the 
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general equitable principles); 
(iii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from whom copies will be 
available to Noteholders (and if applicable Accountholders) (a) from lawyers of 
recognised standing as to matters of law of the jurisdiction of the place of incorporation 
of the Substituted Debtor confirming that upon the substitution taking place (1) the 
requirements of this Condition 17.5, save as to the giving of notice to the Noteholders, 
have been met, (2) the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement are legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Substituted Debtor (subject to all 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ 
rights generally and general equitable principles), (3) the Substituted Debtor is validly

--- Page 171 ---
A47398444 
171 
 
incorporated under the laws of its jurisdiction, and (4) that the Substituted Debtor has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
substitution and for the entry into and performance of the Documents and (b) from the 
legal counsel to the Guarantor confirming that upon the substitution taking place, (1) the 
Substitution Guarantee and the Documents are legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Guarantor, (2) the Guarantor has the power to enter into and perform 
the obligations to be assumed by the Guarantor in the Documents and the Substitution 
Guarantee, and (3) the Guarantor has obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for the entry into and the performance of the 
Documents and the Substitution Guarantee; 
(iv) 
each Rating Agency shall have confirmed to the Substituted Debtor, Assicurazioni 
Generali and the Fiscal Agent that after giving effect to such substitution and the giving 
of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes shall (to the extent they were rated by such 
rating agency prior to the substitution) continue to be rated the same as immediately 
prior to the substitution; 
(v) 
no right of redemption pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase), any of the 
Documents or the Substitution Guarantee would become applicable on or as a result of 
such substitution; 
(vi) 
the appropriate regulatory authorities in Luxembourg shall have confirmed to the 
Substituted Debtor, Assicurazioni Generali and the Fiscal Agent that, after giving effect 
to such substitution and the giving of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes shall 
continue to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (provided that the relevant 
Notes were so listed prior to such substitution); and 
(vii) 
a certificate of solvency of the Substituted Debtor, signed by two directors of the 
Substituted Debtor shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions as referred to in paragraph 
(a) above; (A) the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (and, where the context 
requires, references to Assicurazioni Generali in its capacity as the issuer of the Notes will be replaced 
by references to the Substituted Debtor as the issuer of the Notes) and the Notes, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the foregoing as 
well as all other amendments incidental to such substitution, and (B) the Issuer shall be released from 
all of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement. 
(c) 
Counterparts of each of the Documents (which shall include the Conditions amended and restated to 
give effect to the substitution) and the Substitution Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the 
Fiscal Agent for so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made 
against the Substituted Debtor or the Guarantor by any Noteholder or Accountholder in relation to the 
Notes, the Documents or the Substitution Guarantee shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or 
discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents and the 
Substitution Guarantee the right of every Noteholder and Accountholder to the production of the 
Documents and the Substitution Guarantee for the enforcement of any of the Notes, Documents or 
Substitution Guarantee.

--- Page 172 ---
A47398444 
172 
 
(d) 
Not later than 20 days after the execution of the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee, the 
Substituted Debtor together with the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices). 
18 FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19 NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) (or if such publication is not practicable, 
in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe) or, if the Notes which 
are listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall 
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
20 CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable 
under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the 
Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of 
any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from 
the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may 
in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum 
paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action. 
21 ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per 
cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all 
amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards.

--- Page 173 ---
A47398444 
173 
 
22 GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the 
Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except that provisions 
concerning the status of the Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali are governed by the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. Condition 17.1(b) (Meetings of Noteholders) and the relevant provisions of the 
Agency Agreement concerning meetings of Noteholders of Assicurazioni Generali and the 
appointment of a Noteholders’ Representative (rappresentante comune), where applicable, are subject 
to compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England shall have 
jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (respectively, “Proceedings” and “Disputes”) and, 
for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have 
to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to 
settle any Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate 
forum. 
(d) 
Service of Process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to the person or persons for the time being registered at the Companies Register under Parts 
34 and 37 of the Companies Act 2006 and authorised to accept service of process in England on behalf 
of the Issuer. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its 
behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a 
person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer. Nothing in this paragraph 
shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
clause applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(e) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is applicable to the 
Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of Milan shall have 
jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (respectively, “Proceedings” and “Disputes”) and, 
for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have 
to the courts of Milan being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to

--- Page 174 ---
A47398444 
174 
 
settle any Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate 
forum. 
(d) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
(e) Waiver of trial by jury: Without prejudice to the remaining paragraphs of this Condition 22, the Issuer 
waives any right it may have to a jury of trial or cause of action in connection with the Agency 
Agreement and the Notes. These Conditions may be filed as a written consent to a bench trial. 
(f) 
Italian Civil Code: The Notes do not have the benefit of Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the 
extent applicable, Article 1819 of the Italian Civil Code.

--- Page 175 ---
A47398444 
175 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed in accordance with the provisions of 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms of the Tier 3 Notes, will be applicable to each Tranche of Tier 3 Notes. 
These Terms and Conditions, as so completed, shall be endorsed on each Tier 3 Note in definitive form issued 
under the Programme.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any Tier 3 Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Tier 3 Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
“Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. 
1 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. (“Assicurazioni Generali”) (the “Issuer”) has established 
a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of €15,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme in accordance with these terms and conditions of the 
Tier 3 Notes (the “Conditions”) are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms (the 
“Final Terms”) which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer 
may also issue Senior Notes pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Senior Notes (the “Senior 
Conditions”) and Tier 2 Notes pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Tier 2 Notes (the “Tier 2 
Conditions”) under the Programme.  
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be governed by English 
law are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement that is governed by English law; and the 
Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be governed by Italian law are the subject of an 
issue and paying agency agreement that is governed by Italian law, in each case, dated 25 May 2022 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, BNP 
Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression 
includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the 
paying agent named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set 
out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) and, where 
applicable, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. The expression “Notes” shall, where the 
context so permits, include Receipts. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 176 ---
A47398444 
176 
 
2 
INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accounting Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.6 (Redemption and Purchase - 
Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event); 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Applicable Regulations” means the solvency margin, regulatory capital or capital regulations 
introduced or to be introduced in Italy which are applicable to Assicurazioni Generali (including for 
the purpose of any capital requirements or provisions of regulatory laws applicable from time to time 
with respect to internationally active insurance groups (IAIGs) and global systemically important 
insurers (G-SIIs)), which set out, inter alia, the Tier 3 Capital Requirements (including the Solvency II 
Directive, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the 
Solvency II Directive, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/981 of 8 March 2019 and any 
other applicable laws, legislation, rules and regulations as well as regulatory technical standards and 
implementing technical standards adopted in relation thereto, together with (to the extent applied by 
the Lead Regulator) published interpretation, guidance or guidelines of the foregoing; 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means: 
 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre (including Luxembourg); and 
 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre (including 
Luxembourg); 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 177 ---
A47398444 
177 
 
 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in that calendar month; 
(B) if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in 
the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(C) if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means (i) other than in respect of the calculation of any Make Whole Amount 
pursuant to Condition 10.8 (Make Whole Amount), the Fiscal Agent or (ii) the Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Conditions for Redemption and Purchase” means each of the following conditions: 
 
no Solvency Capital Event has occurred and/or is continuing, and such redemption would not 
itself result in a Solvency Capital Event;  
 
the prior approval of the Lead Regulator has been obtained and such approval continues to be 
valid and effective at the relevant date; 
 
if and to the extent required under then Applicable Regulations in order for the Notes to be 
treated as regulatory capital, where any insurance or reinsurance undertaking included in the 
scope of group supervision of the Issuer under the Applicable Regulations (a “Relevant 
Undertaking”) is subject to a Relevant Proceeding (as defined below) at the time of the 
proposed redemption, all claims owed by the Relevant Undertaking to its policyholders and 
beneficiaries have been met; and 
 
to the extent required under then prevailing Applicable Regulations, any alternative or 
additional pre-condition to redemption or purchase of the Notes are met, 
unless, in each case, such Condition for Redemption is no longer a requirement under the Applicable 
Regulations at such time in order for the Notes to be recognised in the determination of own funds. 
For the purposes of sub-(iii) above, “Relevant Proceeding” means the winding-up of a Relevant 
Undertaking under applicable laws of the jurisdiction of the Relevant Undertaking in circumstances 
where the assets of the Relevant Undertaking (in the reasonable determination of the Issuer) may or

--- Page 178 ---
A47398444 
178 
 
will be insufficient to meet all amounts which, under applicable legislation or rules relating to the 
winding-up of insurance companies, the policyholders and beneficiaries are entitled to receive 
pursuant to a contract of insurance or reinsurance of the Relevant Undertaking. 
“Consolidated Banking Law” means Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended from time to time; 
“Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies” means Italian Legislative Decree No. 209 of 
7 September 2005, as amended from time to time; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Dated Subordinated Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali” means any existing or future 
unconditional, unsecured, subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali with a specified maturity 
date, including Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali and More Senior Dated 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali, but excluding Deeply Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali and More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows:

--- Page 179 ---
A47398444 
179 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷1) 
360
 
where 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows; 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2− Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − 𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 180 ---
A47398444 
180 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
“Deferred Interest Payment Event” has the meaning given in Condition 5.2 (Deferral of Interest - 
Arrears of Interest); 
“Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means subordinated notes issued by 
Assicurazioni Generali that are expressed to be deeply subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni 
Generali, with a specified maturity date or with no specified maturity date, and shall include notes 
issued by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
Tier 2 Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to have the status of Deeply Subordinated 
Notes; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event)” has the meaning given in Condition 10.6 
(Redemption and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event); 
“Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event)” has the meaning given in Condition 10.5 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event); 
“Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory)” has the meaning given in Condition 10.4 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event); 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” has the meaning given in Condition 10.2 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount, subject to any 
purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment, expressed as the amount per Calculation 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Generali Finance” means Generali Finance B.V., which has merged with and incorporated into 
Assicurazioni Generali following the Generali Finance Merger; 
“Generali Finance Merger” means the merger of Generali Finance with, and its incorporation into, 
Assicurazioni Generali with effect as 9 April 2018; 
“Generali Perpetual Notes” means any existing or future direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of Assicurazioni Generali with no specified maturity date or with a maturity date linked to

--- Page 181 ---
A47398444 
181 
 
the duration of Assicurazioni Generali (other than More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali or Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali); 
“Guarantee of More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Generali Finance” means, in respect of More 
Deeply Subordinated Notes issued by Generali Finance under the Programme, the guarantee thereof 
given by Assicurazioni Generali in its capacity as guarantor in the deed of guarantee entered into in 
relation to the issue of such More Deeply Subordinated Notes, provided that Assicurazioni Generali 
has replaced, by operation of law, Generali Finance as issuer of these notes following the Generali 
Finance Merger; 
“Hybrid Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali” means the Generali Perpetual Notes and any other 
obligation of Assicurazioni Generali (other than obligations (if any) in respect of More Deeply 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali or Guarantee of More Deeply Subordinated Notes of 
Generali Finance) from time to time expressed by its terms to rank pari passu therewith or to rank 
junior to the Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali; 
 “Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Initial Interest Payment Date(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“IVASS” means the Istituto per la Vigilanza sulle Assicurazioni, the Italian supervisory body for 
insurance;

--- Page 182 ---
A47398444 
182 
 
“Lead Regulator” means IVASS, or any successor entity of IVASS, or any other competent lead 
regulator to which Assicurazioni Generali becomes subject; 
“Legislative Decree No. 239” has the meaning given in Condition 12 (Taxation); 
“Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa” means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as described in 
Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Law or Articles 245 ff of the Consolidated Law on 
Private Insurance Companies, as the case may be; 
“Make Whole Amount” has the meaning given in Condition 10.8 (Make Whole Amount); 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms and if the relevant Final Term specifies 
that Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is applicable, shall mean (a) for 
each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Pre-Call); and 
(b) from each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Margin (Post-
Call), in each case, as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin (Pre-Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin (Post-Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Capital Requirement” means the minimum capital requirement (and, where applicable, 
the minimum consolidated group Solvency Capital Requirement) referred to, and calculated in 
accordance with, applicable provisions set forth under, the Solvency II Directive and Applicable 
Regulations, where non-compliance with the Minimum Capital Requirement shall be deemed to have 
occurred if the amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Minimum Capital Requirement of the 
Issuer, on a solo or, where applicable, consolidated basis, is less than the Minimum Capital Requirement 
of the Issuer; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means subordinated notes issued by 
Assicurazioni Generali (or in respect of which Assicurazioni Generali has replaced, by operation of 
law, Generali Finance as issuer following Generali Finance Merger) that are expressed to be more 
deeply subordinated obligations of the issuer, with a specified maturity date or with no specified 
maturity date; 
“More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Generali Finance” means subordinated notes issued by 
Generali Finance that are expressed to be more deeply subordinated obligations of Generali Finance, 
with a specified maturity date or with no specified maturity date, provided that Assicurazioni Generali 
has replaced, by operation of law, Generali Finance as issuer of these notes following the Generali 
Finance Merger; 
“More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means subordinated notes 
issued by Assicurazioni Generali that are expressed to be more senior subordinated obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali with a specified maturity date, and shall include Notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali under these Conditions; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, the amount per Calculation 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 183 ---
A47398444 
183 
 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Permitted 
Reorganisation” means an amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, 
consolidation or restructuring whilst solvent whereby the assets and undertaking of the Issuer (or, in 
the case of a demerger, all or substantially all of such assets and undertaking) are vested in a body 
corporate in good standing and such body corporate (i) assumes or maintains (as the case may be) 
liability as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and (ii) continues substantially to carry on the 
business of the Issuer as reported in the Issuer’s most recently published audited financial statements 
immediately prior to such amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, demerger, consolidation or 
restructuring; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms, and if the relevant Final Term 
specifies that Change of interest following Optional Redemption Date (Call) is applicable, shall mean 
(a) for each Interest Period to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Initial Rate of 
Interest; and (b) from each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Rate 
of Interest (Post-Call);

--- Page 184 ---
A47398444 
184 
 
“Rating Agency” means each of Moody’s Investors Service Ltd and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited  
and/or AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. (or their respective affiliates) and/or any other rating 
agency indicated in the relevant Final Terms, and any of their respective successors; 
“Rating Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.5 (Redemption and Purchase - Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event); 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory), the Early Redemption Amount (Rating 
Event), the Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in Condition 8 (Interest); 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Regulatory Event” has the meaning given in Condition 10.4 (Redemption and Purchase – Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event); 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
“Relevant Existing Indebtedness” means the following Dated Subordinated Obligations of 
Assicurazioni Generali if and for so long as their terms and conditions do not permit the Issuer to issue 
subordinated obligations ranking senior thereto: 
- 
€750,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes due July 2042 (XS0802638642) issued in July 2012 
(first call July 2022), in a principal amount outstanding of €301,600,000; 
- 
€1,250,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes due December 2042 (XS0863907522) issued in 
December 2012 (first call December 2022), in a principal amount outstanding of €467,600,000;

--- Page 185 ---
A47398444 
185 
 
- 
€1,000,000,000 Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due May 2026 (XS1062900912) issued in May 
2014, in a principal amount outstanding of €1,000,000,000; 
- 
€1,250,000,000 Fixed/Floating Rate Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due October 2047 
(XS1311440082) issued in October 2015 (first call October 2027), in a principal amount 
outstanding of €1,250,000,000; and 
- 
€850,000,000 Fixed/Floating Senior Dated Subordinated Notes due June 2048 (XS1428773763) 
issued in June 2016 (first call June 2028), in a principal amount outstanding of €850,000,000, 
in each case, as at 25 May 2022; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in Condition 8.3 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service and Moneyline Telerate Service) 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” has the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and includes any proposal 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the 
amount of principal or, as the case may be, interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter 
the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or 
maturity or the date for any such payment, to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or 
the conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any 
other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; to change the currency of any payment under 
the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution or to amend the definition of “Reserved Matter”; 
“Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means notes issued by Assicurazioni 
Generali that are expressed to be senior subordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali having a 
specified maturity date, and shall include notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Tier 2 Notes that are stated in the relevant Final Terms to 
have the status of Senior Dated Subordinated Notes; 
“Senior Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali that are 
expressed to be senior unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Assicurazioni Generali having a 
specified maturity date, and shall include notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under the Programme 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Senior Notes; 
“Solvency II Directive” means Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 25 November 2009 on the taking up and pursuit of the business of insurance and reinsurance 
(solvency II) (as amended) and any applicable implementing provisions; 
A “Solvency Capital Event” is deemed to have occurred if: (i) there is non-compliance with (for the 
purpose of deferral of interest) the Minimum Capital Requirement or (for the purpose of redemption of 
principal) the Solvency Capital Requirement, as applicable or the payment of interest or principal on 
the Notes would lead to such non-compliance; or (ii) any other event has occurred which, under the 
Applicable Regulations in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 Capital, would require payment of 
interest or principal on the Notes to be deferred or suspended;

--- Page 186 ---
A47398444 
186 
 
“Solvency Capital Requirement” means the solo and/or group solvency capital requirement of the 
Issuer referred to, and calculated in accordance with applicable provisions set forth under, the Solvency 
II Directive and Applicable Regulations, provided that: 
(a) 
non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement shall be deemed to have occurred if the 
amount of own fund items eligible to cover the Solvency Capital Requirement of the Issuer, 
whether at solo or group level, is less than the solo or, as the case may be, group Solvency 
Capital Requirement of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
references to the Solvency Capital Requirement shall be read as references to the Minimum 
Capital Requirement where non-compliance with the Minimum Capital Requirement occurs 
before non-compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement; 
“Solvency Margin” means the own funds eligible to cover Assicurazioni Generali’s Solvency Capital 
Requirement and/or, as the case may be, Minimum Capital Requirement, in each case, as determined 
pursuant to the Applicable Regulations; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subordinated Note” means, in relation to subordinated notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali under 
the Programme (or in respect of which Assicurazioni Generali has replaced, by operation of law, 
Generali Finance as the issuer), a note specified as a More Senior Dated Subordinated Note of 
Assicurazioni Generali, a Senior Dated Subordinated Note of Assicurazioni Generali, a Deeply 
Subordinated Note of Assicurazioni Generali or a More Deeply Subordinated Note of Assicurazioni 
Generali; 
“Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali” means the More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes 
of Assicurazioni Generali, the Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali, the Deeply 
Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali and/or the More Deeply Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”): 
 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” or “TARGET Business Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is 
open for the settlement of payments in euro;

--- Page 187 ---
A47398444 
187 
 
“Tax Event” means any of the events referred to in paragraphs (a)(A) or (B) of Condition 10.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons); 
“Tier 3 Capital” means own funds or capital resources which have the necessary features to be 
classified as Tier 3 under the Applicable Regulations; 
“Tier 3 Capital Requirements” means the requirements of the Lead Regulator for instruments to 
qualify as Tier 3 Capital for capital adequacy purposes in respect of the relevant company, either on a 
solo or on a consolidated basis, pursuant to the Applicable Regulations; 
 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; and 
 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is 
“not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner 
for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other 
interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be 
liable for so treating such holder. With reference to any Note that is governed by English law, no Person shall

--- Page 188 ---
A47398444 
188 
 
have any right to enforce any term or condition of any such Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999. 
4 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
4.1 
Status of More Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali: The Notes are More Senior 
Dated Subordinated Notes and constitute unconditional and unsecured subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. The Notes rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and:  
(i) 
for so long as any Relevant Existing Indebtedness is outstanding, (x) pari passu with such Relevant 
Existing Indebtedness and (y) at least pari passu with Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of 
Assicurazioni Generali (other than, for clarity, Relevant Existing Indebtedness);  
(ii) 
at least equally with all other Dated Subordinated Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali which 
constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 
3 Capital of the Issuer;  
(iii) 
junior to any unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured obligations of Assicurazioni Generali 
(including any Senior Notes of Assicurazioni Generali and the policyholders of Assicurazioni 
Generali) and  
(iv) 
senior to any obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes (including obligations (if any) of Assicurazioni Generali 
in respect of Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali, More Deeply Subordinated 
Notes of Assicurazioni Generali, Guarantee of More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Generali 
Finance, Hybrid Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali and, provided that no Relevant Existing 
Indebtedness is outstanding, Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali). 
4.2 
Winding-up etc. of the Issuer: The claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of the Notes are, in 
the event of the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione 
Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer subordinated to all other current and future unsubordinated and 
unprivileged claims on the Issuer. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to Noteholders will, in the event of the winding-up, dissolution, 
liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, only be 
made after all preferred and non-preferred unsubordinated obligations admissible in any such winding-up, 
liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer have 
been satisfied in full or after an arrangement or composition has been arrived at with them under which they 
have given full discharge against receipt of part of their claim. 
The Notes rank in priority to claims of holders of any Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali; holders of any More Deeply Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni Generali; holders of any Hybrid 
Obligations of Assicurazioni Generali; holders of any Senior Dated Subordinated Notes of Assicurazioni 
Generali other than Relevant Existing Indebtedness to the extent that the claims of such holders rank - at the 
time of the winding-up, liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer - junior to the Notes; and the shareholders of 
the Issuer. 
4.3 
Waiver: Each holder of a Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, counterclaim, 
abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in 
respect of such Note.

--- Page 189 ---
A47398444 
189 
 
5 
DEFERRAL OF INTEREST 
5.1 
Mandatory Deferral of Interest 
5.1.1 Mandatory Deferral of Interest for Solvency Capital Event  
The Issuer shall defer payment of all of the interest accrued to an Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Notes upon the occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event (or, in the case where the payment of interest would 
itself result in the occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event, all or part of the interest amount that would result 
in such occurrence), in each case until the Solvency Capital Event has been remedied and any payment of 
Deferred Interest (as defined in Condition 5.2 below) would not lead to a Solvency Capital Event. 
5.1.2 In addition, the Issuer shall defer any payment of interest accrued to an Interest Payment Date or arrears of 
interest if: 
(a)   payment of the relevant interest would result in, or accelerate, the Issuer becoming insolvent in 
accordance with provisions of the relevant insolvency laws and rules and regulations thereunder 
(including any applicable decision of a court) applicable to the Issuer from time to time; or 
(b)   the Lead Regulator notifies Assicurazioni Generali that it has determined that Assicurazioni 
Generali’s financial and solvency condition is deteriorating in such a manner that its Solvency Margin 
would fall below the Solvency Capital Requirement in the short term. 
5.1.3 Without prejudice to Condition 5.2 (Arrears of Interest), if the Issuer is required to defer all or part of an 
interest payment pursuant to Condition 5.1.1 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest for Solvency Capital Event) or 
otherwise defers any payment of interest pursuant to Condition 5.1.2, it shall not have any obligation to 
make such interest payment on the relevant Interest Payment Date, and the failure to pay such interest on 
such Interest Payment Date shall not constitute a default of the Issuer, or any other breach of obligations 
under the Conditions or for any purpose. The Issuer shall give notice of such deferral of interest to the 
Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Notice of Interest Deferral). 
5.1.4 Notwithstanding the provisions set out in Conditions 5.1.1 and 5.1.2 above, interest accrued to an Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Notes which the Issuer has deferred, or would otherwise be required to defer, 
upon the occurrence of a Solvency Capital Event may be paid by the Issuer if the Lead Regulator has, under 
the then Applicable Regulations, the authority to give and has then given (and has not withdrawn) its prior 
consent to payment of the relevant interest amount or has otherwise waived the deferral of interest, and the 
conditions for such payment (or for the waiver of deferral) have been satisfied. Where this Condition 5.1.4 
applies, the Issuer will make the relevant interest payment on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, if later, 
the date following satisfaction of all the aforementioned conditions (which date shall be specified by the 
Issuer in the notice to the Noteholders), provided that no additional interest shall be due from the Issuer 
even if such date falls after the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
5.2 
Arrears of Interest 
(a) Any unpaid amounts of interest deferred pursuant to 5.1 (Mandatory Deferral of Interest) will 
constitute arrears of interest (“Deferred Interest”). Deferred Interest shall not bear interest. 
(b) Deferred Interest: 
(i) 
may – subject to the provisions of Condition 5.1.1 and Condition 5.1.2 – at the option of the 
Issuer be paid in whole or in part at any time; and 
(ii) shall become due and payable on the earliest of:

--- Page 190 ---
A47398444 
190 
 
(x) 
the first Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Deferred Interest Payment 
Event and on which mandatory deferral of interest pursuant to the provisions of 
Condition 5.1.1 and Condition 5.1.2 is not required; 
(y) 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption), the date fixed for 
any optional or mandatory redemption of the Notes; or 
(z) 
the date on which the Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa of Assicurazioni Generali is 
commenced pursuant to the Consolidated Law on Private Insurance Companies or on 
which the Issuer becomes subject to a liquidation order, 
provided that the Lead Regulator has given and has not withdrawn its prior consent to payment 
of the relevant amounts (to the extent required at the time in accordance with then applicable 
regulations in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 Capital). 
“Deferred Interest Payment Event” means the Fiscal Agent having received written notice 
from the Issuer stating that the event or circumstance that gave rise to the interest deferral has 
been remedied. 
5.3 
Notice of Interest Deferral 
The Issuer shall give not less than 5 Business Days prior notice to the Paying Agents and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices): 
 
of any Interest Payment Date on which, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.1 (Mandatory 
Deferral of Interest), interest (or, as appropriate, the part thereof specified in the notice) will be 
deferred; and 
 
of any date on which any interest amount will be paid in accordance with Condition 5.1.4 (if 
Noteholders have been previously notified of the deferral of interest), or amounts in respect of any 
Deferred Interest shall be paid in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Arrears of Interest), 
provided that in any case where interest is not paid pursuant to Condition 5.1.1 or Condition 5.1.2, if it is 
not practicable to deliver the notice of deferral referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above at least 5 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such notice shall be delivered as soon as practicable 
thereafter; and provided further that failure to deliver such notice shall not invalidate the relevant deferral of 
interest. 
6 
CONDITIONS FOR REDEMPTION 
6.1 
Any redemption of Notes on the Maturity Date or on any date fixed for optional redemption pursuant to 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 
10.6A (Clean-Up Call Option), is subject to (i) satisfaction of the Conditions for Redemption and Purchase 
on the relevant redemption date or waiver thereof in accordance with Condition 10.11 (Waiver of 
Redemption Suspension); and (ii) redemption of the Notes will not result in, or accelerate, the Issuer 
becoming insolvent in accordance with the provisions of the relevant insolvency laws and rules and 
regulations thereunder (including any applicable decision of a court) applicable to the Issuer from time to 
time. 
6.2 
In case the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 above are not satisfied, redemption of the Notes shall be 
suspended and, unless Condition 10.11 (Waiver of Redemption Suspension) applies:

--- Page 191 ---
A47398444 
191 
 
(a) 
the Maturity Date (in the case of a redemption of the Notes on the scheduled maturity date) shall be 
postponed in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 10.1(b) (Scheduled redemption); or 
(b) 
the date fixed for optional redemption, in the case of an optional redemption pursuant to Condition 
10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 10.6A 
(Clean-Up Call Option), shall be postponed in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 
10.10(b) (Postponement of optional redemption dates);  
in each case, regardless of any prior notice of redemption that may already have been delivered to the 
Noteholders and interest will – subject to the applicable interest deferral provisions of these terms and 
conditions – continue to accrue on the principal amount outstanding of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Interest) until such Notes are redeemed in full pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption and 
Purchase). 
6.3 
Failure to redeem the Notes on the original Maturity Date or the date fixed for any optional redemption 
pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or 
Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option) in the circumstances described in Condition 6.1 above shall not 
constitute a default of the Issuer or any other breach of obligations under the Conditions or for any purpose. 
6.4 
The Issuer shall give not less than 5 Business Days prior notice to the Paying Agents and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of any date on which redemption of the Notes is to be suspended 
and the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the date fixed for optional redemption of the Notes will be 
postponed pursuant to Condition 6.2 above, provided that if it is not practicable to deliver such notice at 
least 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the date fixed for any optional redemption 
pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or 
Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option), such notice shall be delivered as soon as practicable thereafter; 
provided further that failure to deliver such notice shall not invalidate the suspension of redemption of the 
Notes. 
Condition 7 below is applicable only to Notes in respect of which the Final Terms state that Change of interest 
following Optional Redemption Date (Call) applies. 
7 
INITIAL AND POST-CALL INTEREST PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in these 
Conditions, in arrear on the Initial Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
7.2 
Post-Call Interest Provisions: If the Issuer does not redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 10.3 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Issuer) on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), the Notes will bear interest for each Interest Period falling after the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at such Rate of Interest (Post-Call) as will be indicated in the relevant Final Terms payable, subject as 
provided in these Conditions, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call).

--- Page 192 ---
A47398444 
192 
 
8 
INTEREST 
Condition 8.1 below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
8.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
8.1.1 Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date (or the applicable 
Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, 
subject as provided in these Conditions. Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 
(as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the 
day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
8.1.2 Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. Payment of any Broken Amount will be made on the Interest Payment Date so 
specified in the Final Terms. 
8.1.3 Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period 
for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
Condition 8.2 is applicable to the Notes only if the relevant Final Term specifies that Interest Basis reset on 
Reset Date as being applicable. 
8.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
8.2.1 Initial Interest Provisions: The Notes bear interest from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date 
occurring after the Issue Date), at the Initial Rate of Interest payable, subject as provided in these 
Conditions, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2.2 Interest Basis Reset Provisions: The Notes will bear interest in respect of the Reset Period (or, if there 
is more than one Reset Period, each successive Reset Period thereafter) at the relevant Reset Rate (as 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance 
with this Condition 8.2) payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
8.2.3 Accrual of interest: Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused,

--- Page 193 ---
A47398444 
193 
 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as 
before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Mid Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Mid Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market; and (c) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent). 
“Mid Swap Benchmark Rate” means the benchmark rate specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be 
Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity 
to the relevant Reset Period. 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, 
after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if 
the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the 
advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors; or (B) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Reset Rate Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer.

--- Page 194 ---
A47398444 
194 
 
“Reset Date(s)” means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Determination Date” means, for each Reset Period, the date as specified in the Final Terms 
falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the rate of interest applying 
during such Reset Period will be determined. 
“Reset Margin” means the margin specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (if any) if there is only Reset Period or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each 
period from (and including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) to (but excluding) the next Reset 
Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any). 
“Reset Rate” for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset Reference Rate and (ii) 
the applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded 
down). 
“Reset Rate Screen Page” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Rate Time” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Reset Reference Rate” means either: 
(A) 
if “Mid Swaps” is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed on the Reset Rate 
Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for 
such Reset Period; or 
(B) 
if “Reference Bond” is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a 
price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
relevant Reference Bond Price. 
8.2.4 Reset Rate Screen Page: if the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, or the Mid-Swap Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, then subject to Condition 8.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide it with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference Rate at approximately the Reset 
Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date only one or 
none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 8.2.4: 
(a) 
if Option A is indicated in the Final Terms the Reset Rate shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
Reset Rate shall be the Initial Rate of Interest;  
(b) 
if Option B is indicated in the Final Terms, the Reset Rate shall be the Reset Reference Rate 
that most recently appeared on the Reset Rate Screen Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
applicable Reset Margin (if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purpose of this Condition 8.2.4, “Reference Banks” means four (or, if the Principal Financial 
Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in the swap,

--- Page 195 ---
A47398444 
195 
 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the Reset Reference Rate and 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense for the purpose of this Condition 8.2.4. 
8.2.5 Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on 
the Reset Notes for each relevant period (in the case of Interest Periods falling after the Reset Date, as 
soon as practicable after the time at which the Reset Reference Rate is to be determined in relation to 
such Reset Interest Period) by applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the 
case may be) to the Calculation Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
8.2.6 Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause the Reset Rate and each Interest Amount for each Reset 
Period to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
8.2.7 Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
Condition 8.3 is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
8.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
8.3.1 Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date (or the applicable 
Interest Payment Date) at the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due 
date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
8.3.2 Rate of Interest 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 196 ---
A47398444 
196 
 
A. 
Floating Rate Notes other than SONIA Linked Interest Notes, SOFR, CMS Linked Interest Notes or 
€STR Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a 
period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is 
unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
B. 
Floating Rate Notes which are SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be, subject to Condition 8.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), Compounded Daily SONIA with 
respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions set out below. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph B: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the

--- Page 197 ---
A47398444 
197 
 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the third 
decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−pLBD ×  𝑛𝑖
365
)
 𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
  
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period to, 
but excluding, the last London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from and including the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the end of such Interest Period (or the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
If in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) determines that the applicable SONIA reference rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the 
“Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on such London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate.

--- Page 198 ---
A47398444 
198 
 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with the paragraph above, in the 
event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA reference rate is to be 
determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
the SONIA reference rate for any London Banking Day “i” for the purpose of the relevant Series of 
Notes for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 8.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of 
Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, 
be that determined on such date. 
C. 
Floating Rate Notes which are SOFR Linked Interest Notes  
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be, subject to Condition 8.4 (Benchmark discontinuation), USD-SOFR-COMPOUND with respect 
to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions set out below. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph C: 
“USD-SOFR-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as defined below) as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as 
follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.0000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
360
)
 𝑑0
𝑖=1
 −1] x 360
𝑑 
where:

--- Page 199 ---
A47398444 
199 
 
“d0”, for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Period;  
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;  
“SOFRi”, if applicable as defined in the Final Tems, means: 
(a) for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a Cut-off Date (as defined below), 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding such Cut-off Date, and 
(b) for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is not a Cut-off Date (i.e., a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the Cut-off Period), the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Cut-off Date of the relevant Interest Period (such last Cut-off Date coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date);  
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from and including the 
date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the end of such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Day included 
in the Observation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Cut-off Date” means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from, and including, 
the day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date (such period, the “Cut-off Period”). For any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the Cut-off Period, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as defined below) in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding the last Cut-off Date in the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Cut-off Date coinciding with the Interest Determination Date) shall 
apply; 
“Secured Overnight Financing Rate” means:  
(a) the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or 
any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “New York Fed’s 
Website”) on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding such day; or

--- Page 200 ---
A47398444 
200 
 
(b) if the daily secured overnight financing rate does not appear on a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as specified above, unless both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date (each as defined below) have occurred, the daily secured overnight 
financing rate in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such 
rate was published on the New York Fed’s Website, 
provided that if the daily secured overnight financing rate does not appear on a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as specified in paragraph (a), and both a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the provisions of Condition 8.4 (Benchmark 
discontinuation) below shall apply; 
“SOFR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
(a) a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of 
the daily secured overnight financing rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the daily secured overnight financing rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide a daily secured 
overnight financing rate; or  
(b) the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor administrator of the daily secured overnight financing rate) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the daily secured overnight financing rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the daily secured overnight financing rate; or  
(c) a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
the daily secured overnight financing rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing swap transactions; 
“SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of a SOFR Index Cessation Event, the 
date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the daily 
secured overnight financing rate), ceases to publish the daily secured overnight financing rate, or the 
date as of which the daily secured overnight financing rate may no longer be used. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 8.4 (Benchmark 
discontinuation), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on

--- Page 201 ---
A47398444 
201 
 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
D. 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being the CMS Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions set out 
below:  
 
where “CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
 
where “Leveraged CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(b) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
 
where “Steepener CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(e) where “Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or 
(f) where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
 where “Call Spread CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
L x Min [Max (CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
where: 
 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M = Margin 
As used above: 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with 
a maturity of the Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the

--- Page 202 ---
A47398444 
202 
 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage", "Margin", “Relevant Screen Page” 
and “Relevant Time”  shall have the meanings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap 
Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
For the purpose of this Condition 8.3.2D: 
“Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the Calculation Agent. 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or 
the ISDA Definitions; and 
 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall 
consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it 
shall consider appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice. 
E. 
Floating Rate Notes which are €STR Notes 
Where the Reference Rate is specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily

--- Page 203 ---
A47398444 
203 
 
euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + €STRi × ni
360
)
 d0
i=1
 −1] × 360
d  
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business Day and no €STR 
Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business Day shall 
be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank.  
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business Day and both an 
€STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB 
Recommended Rate.  
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business 
Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, 
then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on 
or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references 
to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining term to 
maturity of the Notes.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the Observation Period on 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there no such preceding Interest Determination Date 
and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, the rate of €STR for 
each TARGET Business Day in the Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date were references to the latest published €STR (though substituting, in each case, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the

--- Page 204 ---
A47398444 
204 
 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period).  
For the purposes of this Condition 8.3.2(a)(E):  
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period.  
“do” for any Interest Period, is:  
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Observation Period.  
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as 
the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;  
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:  
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or  
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate;  
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no 
longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 205 ---
A47398444 
205 
 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of 10 July 
2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time;  
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which banks may 
use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the 
national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means:  
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business 
Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of 
the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or  
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event occurred;  
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate representing the wholesale 
Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the European 
Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in 
case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business 
Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day;  
“€STRi” means:  
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the €STR for the TARGET Business Day “i”;  
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events, as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:  
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central Bank (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or  
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of

--- Page 206 ---
A47398444 
206 
 
€STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR;  
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, the first 
date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;  
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business Day in: 
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to 
such Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Observation Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to 
such Observation Period.  
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread;  
“ni ” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period;  
“Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Period, the period from and including the date 
falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” TARGET Business 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET 
Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
“p” means:  
(i) 
where “Observation Look-Back” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of TARGET Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number 
is specified, five TARGET Business Days); or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
in relation to any Interest Period, the number of TARGET Business Days included in the 
Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such number is 
specified, five TARGET Business Days).  
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European Central Bank currently 
at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially designated by the European Central 
Bank.

--- Page 207 ---
A47398444 
207 
 
(b) 
ISDA Determination:  
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation to any 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
8.3.3 Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
8.3.4 Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
8.3.5 Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The amount of interest payable in 
respect of any Note for any period will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
8.3.6 Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or

--- Page 208 ---
A47398444 
208 
 
times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant 
amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
8.3.7 Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and 
each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination 
but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only 
the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
8.3.8 Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
8.3.9 For the purposes of this Condition 8.3, unless defined above, 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market; and in the case of a determination of a 
Reference Rate other than EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four 
major banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Rate” means, as specified in the Final Terms, (i) the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”); (ii) the Singapore interbank offered rate (“SIBOR”); (iii) the Tokyo interbank offered 
rate (“TIBOR”); (iv) the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“HIBOR”); (v) the bank rate of the Bank 
of England (the “Bank of England Base Rate”), in each case, for the relevant currency and for the 
relevant period (if applicable), as specified for each in the Final Terms, or otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means the financial centre specified as such in the Final Terms or if 
none is so specified: (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, Brussels; (ii) in the case of a 
determination of SIBOR, Singapore; (iii) in the case of a determination of TIBOR, Tokyo; (iv) in the 
case of a determination of HIBOR, Hong Kong; or (v) in the case of a determination of the Bank of 
England Base Rate, London. 
8.4  
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Conditions 8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or 8.3 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
required Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 8.4 shall apply.

--- Page 209 ---
A47398444 
209 
 
8.4.1  Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 8.4.2 (Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with 
Condition 8.4.3 (Adjustment Spread) below) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 8.4.4 (Benchmark Amendments) below). 
The Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8.4 shall act in good faith and (in the 
absence of bad faith, gross negligence or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the 
Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 8.4.  
8.4.2 Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 8.4), with effect as 
from the date or, as the case may be, Interest Period, as specified in the notice delivered 
pursuant to Condition 8.4.5 (Notices, etc.) below; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 8.4), with effect as from the date or, as the case may be, Interest 
Period, as specified in the notice delivered pursuant to Condition 8.4.5 (Notices, etc.) below.  
8.4.3  Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, the then 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
8.4.4 Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 8.4 and the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
(A) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable regulations or 
guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related documents published by the competent regulatory 
authority (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8.4.5 
(Notices, etc.), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments (subject to 
prior agreement with the Calculation Agent or Paying Agent, if required under the Agency Agreement) 
with effect from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 210 ---
A47398444 
210 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 8.4.4 the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8.4, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any 
Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the 
relevant Notes as Tier 3 Notes, or otherwise result in the relevant authority treating the next Interest 
Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
8.4.5 Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 8.4 will be notified at least 10 Business Days (or such 
shorter period as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent and/or 
Paying Agents (as appropriate)) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 
19(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify (inter alia) the date (or 
the Interest Period) from which the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, Alternative Rate shall take 
effect, whether any Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, 
Alternative Rate, and the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8.4; and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (ineither case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation 
Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8.4, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action 
in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 8.4, the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with

--- Page 211 ---
A47398444 
211 
 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, willful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing 
so. 
8.4.6 Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 8.4.1 (Independent Adviser) to 8.4.5 
(Notices, etc.), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 8.2 
(Interest on Reset Notes) or Condition 8.3.2.(a) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Screen Rate 
Determination) as applicable will continue to apply unless and until the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders have been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 
8.4.5 (Notices, etc.). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) on or before the date falling five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
(or Reset Determination Date) relating to the next Interest Period, or if a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate is not determined or adopted pursuant to the operation of this Condition 8.4 prior to 
such date, then the Rate of Interest (or the Reset Rate of Interest) for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 8.2 (Interest on Reset Notes) or 
Condition 8.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes). 
 8.4.7 Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.4, unless defined above: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as 
an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
if no such  recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 8.4.2 (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the

--- Page 212 ---
A47398444 
212 
 
relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4.4 (Benchmark 
Amendments). 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:   
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being usedeither generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will 
be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as applicable, become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmark 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and 
(iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(iv) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of 
sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no 
longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the 
date of the relevant public statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense under Condition 8.4.1 (Independent Adviser).

--- Page 213 ---
A47398444 
213 
 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified 
for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board, the European Systemic Risk Board, or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
9 
ZERO COUPON NOTES 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on the 
basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
10 REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
10.1 Scheduled redemption 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will (subject as mentioned below) 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date together with interest accrued (if 
any) to the date of redemption (including Deferred Interest, if applicable), subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). 
(b) 
The redemption in accordance with this Condition 10.1 of Notes on the Maturity Date is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption). If the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 are 
not satisfied, redemption of the Notes will be suspended and – unless Condition 10.11 (Waiver of 
Redemption Suspension) applies - the Maturity Date will be postponed to the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date notified by the Issuer on giving at least 5 Business Days’ notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) following the day on which the 
relevant conditions set out in Condition 6.1(i) and/or (ii), as the case may be, that were

--- Page 214 ---
A47398444 
214 
 
not satisfied are satisfied (and provided that they continue to be satisfied on the date of 
redemption); or 
(B) 
the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are instituted in 
respect of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation), in 
accordance with, as the case may be, (aa) a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of 
the Issuer; (bb) any provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the duration of 
Assicurazioni Generali is set at 31 December 2131 though if this is extended, 
redemption of the Notes will be equivalently adjusted), as applicable; or (cc) any 
applicable legal provision, or any decision of any jurisdictional or administrative 
authority. 
10.2 Redemption for tax reasons 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject as mentioned below) in whole, but not 
in part, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall - subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) - be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for 
redemption (including Deferred Interest, if applicable), if: 
(A) 
the Issuer (1) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, the laws, 
regulations or other rules of the Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any change in, or amendment or 
clarification to, the application of official or generally published interpretation (or application 
or interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or other rules, including the 
publication or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by any competent court or 
authority providing for a position with respect to such laws, regulations or other rules that 
differs from the previously generally accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written 
confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax treatment of the Notes, which 
change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures it deems appropriate; or 
(B) 
(1) deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes is materially reduced 
for Italian income tax purposes as a result of any change in, or amendment or clarification to, 
the laws or regulations or applicable accounting standards of the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or as a result of 
any change in the application of official or generally published interpretation (or application or 
interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, regulations or applicable accounting 
standards, including the publication or pronouncement of any decision or interpretation by any 
competent court or authority providing for a position with respect to such laws, regulations or 
other rules that differs from the previously generally accepted position or otherwise differs from 
prior written confirmation given by the competent authority in respect of tax treatment of the 
Notes, which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after the date of 
issuance of the Notes; and (2) such non-deductibility cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due or, in the case of (B), be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian

--- Page 215 ---
A47398444 
215 
 
income tax purposes and provided further that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 
10.2 on the date fixed for redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption), Condition 10.7 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue 
Date) and Condition 10.10 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent (1) a certificate signed by a duly 
authorised representative of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts or, in the case of (B), 
the Issuer is or will be unable to deduct such amounts for Italian income tax purposes, in each case, as 
a result of such change, amendment or clarification. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 10.2, the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for 
Redemption)) redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10.2. 
(c) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” shall be: (i) if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Tax Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Tax Event occurs 
before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the Notes, their Make Whole 
Amount or such other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.3 below is applicable if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
10.3 Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall - subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) - be irrevocable and oblige 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date), at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) 
to such date (including Deferred Interest, if applicable). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is 
referred to in this Condition 10.3, the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions 
for Redemption)) redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice, in 
accordance with this Condition 10.3. 
(b) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with this 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by 
the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10.3(a) shall specify 
the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(c) 
Any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.3 on the date fixed for redemption is 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) and Condition 10.10 
(Postponement of optional redemption dates).

--- Page 216 ---
A47398444 
216 
 
Condition 10.4 is applicable if Regulatory Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
10.4 Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event 
(a) 
If at any time Assicurazioni Generali determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred and is 
continuing with respect to the Notes, such Notes will be redeemable in whole or, if the relevant Final 
Terms states that Partial Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event applies, in part at the option 
of the Issuer, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall - subject to the provisions of Condition 
6 (Conditions for Redemption) - be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory) 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption (including Deferred Interest, if 
applicable), provided that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.4 on the date 
fixed for redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption), 
Condition 10.7 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) and 
Condition 10.10 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.4, 
“Regulatory Event” means that: 
 
Assicurazioni Generali is no longer subject to the consolidated regulatory supervision of the 
Lead Regulator; or 
 
as the result of new or amended Tier 3 Capital Requirements or any change by the Lead 
Regulator in its interpretation thereof, the Notes (or the Lead Regulator notifies to Assicurazioni 
Generali that the Notes), in whole or in part, no longer qualify (or can no longer be treated) as 
at least Tier 3 Capital, except where this is merely the result of exceeding any then applicable 
limits on the inclusion of the Notes as own funds, or Tier 3 Capital, as the case may be; or 
 
to the extent that the Notes qualified (or would have qualified) as capital resources of a specific 
tier pursuant to provisions of the Applicable Regulations specifically governing internationally 
active insurance groups (IAIG) and/or global systemically important insurers (G-SII) in effect 
as of the issue date of the first Tranche of the Notes, such provisions of the Applicable 
Regulations are supplemented or amended in relation to provisions specifically governing 
internationally active insurance groups (IAIG) and/or global systemically important insurers 
(G-SII) and where, following such supplement and/or amendment, the Notes would likely not 
(or no longer) be recognised (in whole or in part) as capital resources of at least the same tier  
pursuant to such provisions, including after the expiration of transitional rules, if any, except 
where this is merely the result of exceeding any then applicable limits on the inclusion of the 
Notes as capital resources. 
(c) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory)” shall be: (i) if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Regulatory Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Regulatory Event 
occurs before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the Notes, their 
Make Whole Amount or such other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.5 is applicable if Rating Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
10.5 Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event 
(a) 
If at any time the Issuer determines that a Rating Event has occurred with respect to the Notes, such 
Notes will be redeemable in whole or in part at the option of the Issuer, at any time, on giving not less

--- Page 217 ---
A47398444 
217 
 
than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
(which notice shall - subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) - be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event), together with interest accrued (if any) 
to the date fixed for redemption (including Deferred Interest, if applicable), provided that any 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.5 on the date fixed for redemption is subject to 
the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption), Condition 10.7 (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) and Condition 10.10 (Postponement of 
optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.5, “Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if there is a 
change in the rating methodology (or the interpretation thereof) by a recognized international statistical 
rating organisation as such methodology is in effect on the date when the capital treatment was 
assigned to the Notes for the first time (the “current methodology”), and as a consequence of such 
change, the capital treatment of the Notes by such organisation for the Issuer’s group shall be amended 
in such a way that is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer materially unfavourable. 
(c) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.5, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a written communication from the relevant 
international statistical rating organisation confirming the change in the current methodology and a 
certificate signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer stating that the circumstances 
described in the definition of Rating Event have occurred. 
(d) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event)” shall be: (i) if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Rating Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the Rating Event 
occurs before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer’s Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the Notes, their 
Make Whole Amount or such other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.6 is applicable if Accounting Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
10.6 Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event 
(a) 
If at any time the Issuer determines that an Accounting Event has occurred with respect to the Notes, 
such Notes will be redeemable in whole or, if so stated in the Final Terms, in part at the option of the 
Issuer, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall - subject to the provisions of Condition 6 
(Conditions for Redemption) - be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event), 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption (including Deferred Interest, if 
applicable), provided that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.6 on the date 
fixed for redemption is subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption), 
Condition 10.7 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date) and 
Condition 10.10 (Postponement of optional redemption dates). 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.6,  
an “Accounting Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if (x) an opinion of a recognised accounting 
firm has been delivered to the Fiscal Agent, stating that as a result of any change in or amendment to 
Applicable Accounting Standards, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of the Notes, the Issuer must not or must no longer record the obligations under the Notes as 
liabilities on its consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with Applicable Accounting 
Standards; and (y) this cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and

--- Page 218 ---
A47398444 
218 
 
“Applicable Accounting Standards” means the accounting standards applied by Assicurazioni 
Generali for its published consolidated financial statements as applicable at the relevant dates and for 
the relevant periods. 
(c) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10.6, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of a recognised accounting 
firm to the effect set out under sub-paragraph (b)(x) above. 
(d) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Accounting Event)” shall be: (i) if the Issuer’s Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Accounting Event occurs on or after 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (ii) if the 
Accounting Event occurs before the Optional Redemption Date (Call) or if the Issuer’s Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being not applicable, the principal amount outstanding of the 
Notes, their Make Whole Amount or such other amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Condition 10.6A is applicable if the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
10.6A Clean-up Call Option 
(a) 
In the event that at least 80% of the intial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been purchased 
or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than thirty 
(30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (Clean-up) together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
(b) 
The “Early Redemption Amount (Clean-up)” means the amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
10.7 Redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to fifth anniversary from Issue Date 
For so long as this is a requirement under applicable legislation at the relevant time in order for the 
Notes to qualify as Tier 3 Capital of the Issuer, any redemption pursuant to Condition 10.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), 
Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption 
due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option) may not take place prior to 
the fifth anniversary after the Issue Date, unless:  
(A) 
 such redemption is (i) effected by way of exchange for conversion of such Notes into another 
basic own-fund item of at least the same quality; or (ii) made out of the proceeds of a new basic 
own-fund item of at least the same quality, provided that the exchange, conversion or 
redemption is subject to the approval of the Lead Regulator; or  
(B) 
all of the following conditions are met:  
(a) 
the Solvency Capital Requirement of the Issuer (on a solo and consolidated basis) after 
the redemption, will be exceeded by an appropriate margin, taking into account the 
solvency position, including medium-term capital plan, of the Issuer (on a solo and 
consolidated basis); and 
(b) 
the circumstances are as described in point (i) or (ii): 
(i) 
in the case of a redemption of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10.4 
(Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), the Lead Regulator 
considers such a change to be sufficiently certain; and the Issuer demonstrates

--- Page 219 ---
A47398444 
219 
 
to the satisfaction of the Lead Regulator that the regulatory reclassification of 
the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance;  
(ii) 
in the case of a redemption of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons), there is a change in the applicable tax treatment 
of the Notes which the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Lead 
Regulatory is material and was not reasonable foreseeable at the time of their 
issuance; and 
(C) 
in the case of either (A) or (B), to the extent permitted under then prevailing Applicable 
Regulations, any alternative or additional pre-conditions to such redemption (if any) under then 
prevailing Applicable Regulation that need to be met in order for the Notes to be redeemed at 
such time are met.  
10.8 Make Whole Amount 
(a) 
In relation to any early redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating Event) or Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event), the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), the 
Early Redemption Amount (Rating Event) or, as the case may be, the Early Redemption Amount 
(Accounting Event) - if specified in the Final Terms to be the “Make Whole Amount” - shall be an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the higher of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed; and (y) the sum of the present values of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Note 
(exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by 
discounting such amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day year 
consisting of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days 
elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Condition 10.8: 
“FA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Calculation Agent as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date 
or (ii) if an Optional Redemption Date is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption 
Date of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an 
Optional Redemption Date is specified in the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of the 
Notes. 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the Final Terms. 
“Redemption Date” means the date fixed for redemption of the Notes in accordance with Condition 
10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), 
Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event) or Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption 
due to an Accounting Event), as the case may be. 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond. 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (B) if the Calculation

--- Page 220 ---
A47398444 
220 
 
Agent obtains fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations. 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Redemption Date. 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer which are 
(A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the Final Terms on the Reference 
Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest (assuming each such scheduled interest payment to be due in full) on such Note 
for the remaining term to (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) if an Optional Redemption Date is specified in 
the Final Terms, the first Optional Redemption Date of such Note determined on the basis of the rate 
of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Redemption Date. 
10.9 No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Condition 10.1 
(Scheduled redemption), Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 
(Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting 
Event) or Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option) above. 
10.10 Postponement of optional redemption dates 
(a) 
Any redemption of the Notes notified to Noteholders pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), 
Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call 
Option) shall be suspended (in whole or in part), and the Issuer shall not be entitled to give any notice 
of redemption pursuant to the aforementioned Conditions, if the conditions set out in Condition 6.1 are 
not satisfied. 
(b) 
Following any suspension of redemption in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above, 
the date originally fixed for redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), 
Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or, as the case may be, Condition 
10.6A (Clean-up Call Option) shall (unless Condition 10.11 (Waiver of Redemption Suspension) 
applies) be postponed to the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date notified by the Issuer on giving at least 5 Business Days’ notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) following the day on which the

--- Page 221 ---
A47398444 
221 
 
relevant conditions set out in Condition 6.1(i) and/or (ii), as the case may be, that were 
not satisfied are satisfied (and provided that they continue to be satisfied on the date of 
redemption); or 
(B) 
the date on which voluntary or involuntary winding up proceedings are instituted in 
respect of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation), in 
accordance with, as the case may be, (aa) a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of 
the Issuer; (bb) any provision of the by-laws of the Issuer (currently, the duration of 
Assicurazioni Generali is set at 31 December 2131 though if this is extended, 
redemption of the Notes will be equivalently adjusted), as applicable; or (cc) any 
applicable legal provision, or any decision of any jurisdictional or administrative 
authority. 
10.11 Waiver of Redemption Suspension 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) and of Condition 10.10 
(Postponement of optional redemption dates), the Notes may be redeemed even though there is non-
compliance with the Solvency Capital Requirement or redemption or repayment would lead to such 
non-compliance, where all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
all of the Conditions for Redemption and Purchase are met other than the condition 
under paragraph (i) of such definition; 
(ii) 
the Lead Regulator has exceptionally waived the suspension of redemption of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed is replaced by at least equivalent 
capital with the consent of the Lead Regulator; and 
(iv) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement is complied with after the redemption 
(together, the “Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension”). 
(b) 
The Issuer shall give at least 5 Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices) informing the Noteholders of the day on which any redemption that has been suspended 
may take place following satisfaction of the Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if the Conditions for Waiver of Redemption Suspension have been satisfied before 
any suspension of redemption has been notified to the Noteholders in accordance with these 
Conditions, no notice needs to be given by the Issuer under this Condition 10.11. 
10.12 Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(a) 
The Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date, or upon its becoming due and repayable pursuant to Condition 13 (Events of Default), 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
(b) 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day

--- Page 222 ---
A47398444 
222 
 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10.12 or, if 
none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
10.13 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons are purchased therewith. 
Any purchase of the Notes is subject to the prior approval of the Lead Regulator unless such prior 
approval is no longer required under applicable legislation at the relevant time in order for the Notes to 
qualify as Tier 3 Capital of the Issuer. Any such purchase is, unless such purchase is deemed not to be a 
repayment or redemption in accordance with the Applicable Regulations, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) (where references therein to redemption of the Notes shall be 
construed as purchases of the Notes) and is subject furthermore to any additional requirements under 
Applicable Regulations at the relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 Capital of the 
Issuer. 
10.14 
Disapplication of call rights 
Notwithstanding the provisions above, the Issuer may, at any time and in its sole discretion, waive any 
of the call rights pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 
10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event), or Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option) (each of such call rights, an 
“Extraordinary Call Right”) for a (definite or indefinite) period of time to be determined by the Issuer 
(the “Inapplicability Period”) by notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
Any notice so given will be irrevocable and shall specify the Inapplicability Period(s) during which the 
Issuer shall cease to have the respective Extraordinary Call Right(s). 
10.15 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be surrendered for 
cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed 
by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. Any Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and not so 
surrendered for cancellation may be reissued or resold. 
11 PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of sterling, a town clearing branch of a bank in 
the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other than in respect of 
matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States in the manner described in Condition 11(a) (Principal) above.

--- Page 223 ---
A47398444 
223 
 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full 
amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment 
of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by 
applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 (inclusive) of that Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
“Relevant Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, 
however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing 
Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 11(a) 
(Principal) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(f) is applicable 
or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any 
Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption due to a

--- Page 224 ---
A47398444 
224 
 
Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event), Condition 10.6 
(Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event), Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call Option) or 
Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such 
place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 11(c) 
(Payments in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may 
be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, 
any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
12 TAXATION 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts on interest, premium and other income from the Note (but not, 
unless permitted by then prevailing Applicable Regulations, principal or any other amount) as will 
result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
for payment: 
 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the 
Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
 
to the extent that interest or any other amount payable is paid to a non-Italian resident entity or 
a non-Italian resident individual which is resident for tax purposes in one of the countries or 
territories not allowing the Italian tax authorities to obtain appropriate information in respect of 
the beneficiary of the payments made from the Republic of Italy (the states allowing for an

--- Page 225 ---
A47398444 
225 
 
adequate exchange of information with the Republic of Italy are those listed in Ministerial 
Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented); or 
 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian individual or an Italian legal 
entity not carrying out commercial activities (in particular (A) partnerships, de facto 
partnerships not carrying out commercial activities and professional associations, (B) public 
and private resident entities, other than companies, not carrying out commercial activities, (C) 
real estate investment funds referred to in Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and (D) certain other 
Persons exempt from corporate income tax) or to such other Italian resident entities which have 
been or may be identified by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and related 
regulations of implementation which have been or may subsequently be enacted (“Legislative 
Decree No. 239”); or 
 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Legislative Decree 
No. 239 have not been met or complied with except where such requirements and procedures 
have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
or 
 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note or Coupon on the 
last day of such period of 30 days; or 
 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities where such withholding or deduction is 
required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time; or 
 any combination of items (i) through (vii). 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as 
references to and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events occurs: 
(A) 
Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer otherwise than for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation or on terms 
previously approved by the Noteholders; 
(B) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in (A) above, 
then, any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer 
or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall 
become immediately due and payable at its principal amount (or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the 
amount indicated at Condition 10.12 (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) together with accrued interest 
(if any) (including Deferred Interest, if applicable) without further action or formality.

--- Page 226 ---
A47398444 
226 
 
14 PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are 
presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15 REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent 
in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
16 AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional 
or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of which require the appointment of a Paying Agent 
in any particular place, the Issuer hall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place 
required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
17 MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS; MODIFICATION AND WAIVER; MODIFICATION 
AND/OR EXCHANGE FOLLOWING A REGULATORY EVENT, TAX EVENT, RATING 
EVENT OR ACCOUNTING EVENT; SUBSTITUTION 
17.1 Meetings of Noteholders 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such

--- Page 227 ---
A47398444 
227 
 
modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not and irrespective of how their vote was cast at such meeting. 
(b) 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution in respect of Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali, the following provisions shall apply 
but are subject to compliance with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in force and 
applicable to Assicurazioni Generali from time to time: 
(A) 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Noteholders’ Representative and 
shall be convened by either of them upon the request in writing of Noteholders 
holding not less than one-twentieth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes; 
(B) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held as a single call meeting (assemblea 
in unica convocazione) (“Single Call Meeting”) or as a multiple call meeting 
(i.e. each of the first, second and further call of the Meeting respectively and 
collectively, a (“Multiple Call Meeting”) if (i) in the case of a Single Call 
Meeting there are one or more persons present, being or representing Noteholders 
holding at least one-fifth of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding; or (ii) in the case of a Multiple Call Meeting, there are one or more 
persons present, being or representing Noteholders holding (a) at the initial 
meeting, at more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes, or (b) at a second meeting, more than one third of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, or (c) at a third meeting or 
any subsequent meeting, at more than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes provided, however, that the quorum shall always be 
more than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes for 
the purposes of considering a Reserved Matter and provided further that the by-
laws of the Issuer may from time to time (to the extent permitted under applicable 
Italian law) require a higher (or, in the case of Notes that are admitted to listing 
on a regulated market, different) quorum at any such meeting which shall be 
indicated in the Notice convening the relevant Meeting; 
(C) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (including any meeting 
convened following adjournment of the previous meeting for want of quorum) 
will be one or more persons holding or representing at least two thirds of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented at the meeting, provided, 
however, that a Reserved Matter may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders by one or more persons holding or 
representing at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes and provided further that the by-laws of the Issuer may from time to time 
(to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) require a larger (or, in the 
case of Notes that are admitted to listing on a regulated market, different) 
majority which shall be indicated in the Notice convening the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 Noteholders’ Representative 
Pursuant to Articles 2415 and 2417 of the Italian Civil Code, a Noteholders’ Representative (rappresentante 
comune) may be appointed, inter alia, to represent the interest of Noteholders in respect of Notes issued by 
Assicurazioni Generali, such appointment to be made by an Extraordinary Resolution or by an order of a

--- Page 228 ---
A47398444 
228 
 
competent court at the request of one or more Noteholders or the Issuer. Each such Noteholders’ 
Representative shall have the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian Civil Code. 
17.3 Modification 
These Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Lead Regulator (unless such 
approval is not required by applicable law at the relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 
Capital of the Issuer). The Notes, these Conditions and (in case the Notes are governed by English law) the 
Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a 
manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, 
but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Condition 17.4 below applies if the Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Modification Provisions or the 
Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
17.4 Modification and/or Exchange following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or 
Accounting Event 
(a) 
Where a Regulatory Event, a Tax Event, a Rating Event or an Accounting Event, which is stated in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable for the purposes of this Condition 17.4, has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, 
(A) 
where the Final Terms state that Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Modification 
Provisions are applicable, modify the terms of the Notes to the extent that such 
modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no such Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event, would exist after such 
modification; or 
(B) 
where the Final Terms state that Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting Event Exchange 
Provisions are applicable, exchange all (but not some only) of the Notes for Qualifying 
Securities so that the relevant Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as 
applicable, Accounting Event that has occurred would no longer exist in relation to the 
Qualifying Securities, 
in each case, provided that, following such modification or, as applicable, exchange: 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of, in the case of sub-(A) above, the Notes, as so modified (the 
“modified Notes”) or, in the case of sub-(B) above, the Qualifying Securities, are – in 
the Issuer’s reasonable determination after having consulted an independent investment 
bank of international standing - no more prejudicial to Noteholders than the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Notes prior to such modification or exchange (the “existing 
Notes”) provided that any modification may be made in accordance with paragraphs (ii) 
to (iv) below or, as applicable, any exchange of existing Notes for a basic own-fund item 
of at least the same quality that meet the requirements set out in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) 
below (“Qualifying Securities”), shall not constitute a breach of this paragraph (i); and 
(ii) 
either the person having the obligations of the Issuer under the modified Notes or, as 
applicable, Qualifying Securities (x) continues to be the Issuer, or (y) is substituted in 
accordance with Condition 17.5 (Substitution); and

--- Page 229 ---
A47398444 
229 
 
(iii) 
the modified Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities rank at least equal to the 
existing Notes prior to such modification or exchange and feature the same tenor, 
principal amount, redemption amounts, at least the same interest rates (including 
applicable margins), the same interest payment dates, first call date (if any) and any 
early redemption rights (if any) as under the existing Notes for Regulatory Event, Tax 
Event, Rating Event or Accounting Event, the same existing rights to any accrued 
interest, any Deferred Interest and any other amounts payable under the modified Notes 
or, as applicable, the Qualifying Securities, as the existing Notes prior to such 
modification or exchange and do not contain any terms providing for loss absorption 
through principal write-down or conversion into ordinary shares; and 
(iv) 
the modified Notes or, as applicable, Qualifying Securities continue to be listed on a 
regulated market (for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EC) of an internationally recognised stock exchange as selected by the Issuer 
(provided that the existing Notes were so listed prior to the occurrence of such 
Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, Accounting Event), 
and provided further that: 
(1) 
Assicurazioni Generali obtains approval of the proposed modification or exchange from 
the Lead Regulator (unless such approval is no longer required by applicable law at the 
relevant time in order for the Notes to qualify as Tier 3 Capital of the Issuer) or gives 
prior written notice (if such notice is required to be given) to the Lead Regulator and, 
following the expiry of all relevant statutory time limits, the Lead Regulator is no longer 
entitled to object or impose changes to the proposed modification or exchange; 
(2) 
the modification or exchange does not give rise to a change in any published rating of 
the existing Notes in effect at such time (to the extent the existing Notes were rated prior 
to the occurrence of such Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or, as applicable, 
Accounting Event); 
(3) 
the modification or exchange does not give rise to any right on the part of the Issuer to 
exercise any option to redeem the modified Notes or the Qualifying Securities that does 
not already exist prior to such modification or exchange, without prejudice to the 
provisions under Condition 10.3 (Redemption and purchase - Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer); 
(4) 
the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate, substantially in the form shown 
in the Agency Agreement, signed by a duly authorised representative of the Issuer 
stating that conditions (i) to (iv) and (1) to (3) above have been complied with, such 
certificate to be made available for inspection by Noteholders; and 
(5) 
in the case of any proposed modifications or an exchange owing to a Tax Event, the 
Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Tax Event can be avoided by the proposed 
modifications or exchange. 
(b) 
In connection with any modification or exchange as indicated in this Condition 17.4, the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are then 
listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 230 ---
A47398444 
230 
 
The following Condition 17.5 shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that the Substitution Provisions 
are applicable to the Notes. 
17.5 Substitution 
(a) 
Any duly incorporated Subsidiary of Assicurazioni Generali in good standing under the laws of its 
jurisdiction may, without the consent of the Noteholders, but with the prior written approval of 
Assicurazioni Generali, assume liability as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes (the 
“Substituted Debtor”), provided that: 
(i) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the Substituted 
Debtor and, to the extent necessary, Assicurazioni Generali and the other parties to the 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, as may be necessary to give full effect to 
the substitution (the “Documents”) and (without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each 
Noteholder and each Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) to be bound by 
these Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement as fully as if the 
Substituted Debtor had been named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of Assicurazioni 
Generali. An unconditional and irrevocable deed of guarantee substantially in the form 
annexed to the Agency Agreement shall be executed by Assicurazioni Generali whereby 
Assicurazioni Generali shall guarantee in favour of each Noteholder and each 
Accountholder the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such 
principal debtor substantially to the extent of, and in the terms specified in, the form of 
deed of guarantee annexed to the Agency Agreement (such guarantee is referred to in 
this Condition 17.5 as the “Substitution Guarantee” and such guarantor as the 
“Guarantor”); 
(ii) 
the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee shall contain a warranty and 
representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (a) that each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the giving of such 
Substitution Guarantee, (b) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
performance by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor of its obligations 
under the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (c) that the obligations assumed by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor are legal, valid and binding in accordance with 
their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder and each Accountholder 
(subject to all applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the 
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general equitable principles); 
(iii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from whom copies will be 
available to Noteholders (and if applicable Accountholders) (a) from lawyers of 
recognised standing as to matters of law of the jurisdiction of the place of incorporation 
of the Substituted Debtor confirming that upon the substitution taking place (1) the 
requirements of this Condition 17.5, save as to the giving of notice to the Noteholders, 
have been met, (2) the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement are legal, 
valid, binding and enforceable obligations of the Substituted Debtor (subject to all 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ 
rights generally and general equitable principles), (3) the Substituted Debtor is validly

--- Page 231 ---
A47398444 
231 
 
incorporated under the laws of its jurisdiction, and (4) that the Substituted Debtor has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
substitution and for the entry into and performance of the Documents and (b) from the 
legal counsel to the Guarantor confirming that upon the substitution taking place, (1) the 
Substitution Guarantee and the Documents are legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Guarantor, (2) the Guarantor has the power to enter into and perform 
the obligations to be assumed by the Guarantor in the Documents and the Substitution 
Guarantee, and (3) the Guarantor has obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for the entry into and the performance of the 
Documents and the Substitution Guarantee; 
(iv) 
each Rating Agency shall have confirmed to the Substituted Debtor, Assicurazioni 
Generali and the Fiscal Agent that after giving effect to such substitution and the giving 
of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes shall (to the extent they were rated by such 
rating agency prior to the substitution) continue to be rated the same as immediately 
prior to the substitution; 
(v) 
no right of redemption pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase), any of the 
Documents or the Substitution Guarantee would become applicable on or as a result of 
such substitution; 
(vi) 
the appropriate regulatory authorities in Luxembourg shall have confirmed to the 
Substituted Debtor, Assicurazioni Generali and the Fiscal Agent that, after giving effect 
to such substitution and the giving of the Substitution Guarantee, the Notes shall 
continue to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange(provided that the relevant 
Notes were so listed prior to such substitution); and 
(vii) 
a certificate of solvency of the Substituted Debtor, signed by two directors of the 
Substituted Debtor shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions as referred to in paragraph 
(a) above; (A) the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (and, where the context 
requires, references to Assicurazioni Generali in its capacity as the issuer of the Notes will be replaced 
by references to the Substituted Debtor as the issuer of the Notes) and the Notes, the Deed of Covenant 
and the Agency Agreement shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the foregoing as 
well as all other amendments incidental to such substitution, and (B) the Issuer shall be released from 
all of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement. 
(c) 
Counterparts of each of the Documents (which shall include the Conditions amended and restated to 
give effect to the substitution) and the Substitution Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the 
Fiscal Agent for so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made 
against the Substituted Debtor or the Guarantor by any Noteholder or Accountholder in relation to the 
Notes, the Documents or the Substitution Guarantee shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or 
discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents and the 
Substitution Guarantee the right of every Noteholder and Accountholder to the production of the 
Documents and the Substitution Guarantee for the enforcement of any of the Notes, Documents or 
Substitution Guarantee.

--- Page 232 ---
A47398444 
232 
 
(d) 
Not later than 20 days after the execution of the Documents and the Substitution Guarantee, the 
Substituted Debtor together with the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices). 
18 FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19 NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) (or if such publication is not practicable, 
in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe) or, if the Notes which 
are listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall 
be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
20 CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable 
under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the 
Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of 
any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from 
the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may 
in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum 
paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action. 
21 ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per 
cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all 
amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards.

--- Page 233 ---
A47398444 
233 
 
22 GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that English law is applicable to the 
Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except that provisions 
concerning the status of the Notes issued by Assicurazioni Generali are governed by the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. Condition 17.1(b) (Meetings of Noteholders) and the relevant provisions of the 
Agency Agreement concerning meetings of Noteholders of Assicurazioni Generali and the 
appointment of a Noteholders’ Representative (rappresentante comune), where applicable, are subject 
to compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England shall have 
jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (respectively, “Proceedings” and “Disputes”) and, 
for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have 
to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to 
settle any Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate 
forum. 
(d) 
Service of Process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to the person or persons for the time being registered at the Companies Register under Parts 
34 and 37 of the Companies Act 2006 and authorised to accept service of process in England on behalf 
of the Issuer. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer, appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its 
behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a 
person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer. Nothing in this paragraph 
shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This 
clause applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
(e) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
The following provisions shall apply if it is specified in the Final Terms that Italian law is applicable to the 
Notes 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdictions: The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of Milan shall have 
jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (respectively, “Proceedings” and “Disputes”) and, 
for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have 
to the courts of Milan being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to

--- Page 234 ---
A47398444 
234 
 
settle any Disputes, and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate 
forum. 
(d) 
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
(e) Waiver of trial by jury: Without prejudice to the remaining paragraphs of this Condition 22, the Issuer 
waives any right it may have to a jury of trial or cause of action in connection with the Agency 
Agreement and the Notes. These Conditions may be filed as a written consent to a bench trial. 
(f) 
Italian Civil Code: The Notes do not have the benefit of Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the 
extent applicable, Article 1819 of the Italian Civil Code.

--- Page 235 ---
A47398444 
235 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Senior Notes will be substantially in the following form, 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Senior Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms of the Senior Notes but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms of the Senior Notes. The Final Terms of the Senior Notes are for use 
in connection with issues of Senior Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000 only. 
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [The target market assessment indicates that 
Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are fully risk averse/have 
no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as

--- Page 236 ---
A47398444 
236 
 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / 
[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.][1] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300X5UKJVE386ZB61 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Senior Notes 
[being [Green Bonds]/[Social Bonds]/[Sustainability Bonds]] 
under the 
 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 25 May 2022 (the “Base Prospectus”) 
[and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and 
the relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer is only available 
on the basis of the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and full information on the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] 
and [website] and copies may be obtained from [address]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] and, 
in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the 
 
[1]     For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 237 ---
A47398444 
237 
 
Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
[(i)] 
[Series Number:] 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche Number:] 
[          ] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series): 
 
[(iii)]    [Date on which the Notes will   
be consolidated and form a 
single series:] 
[The notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [insert]]. 
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions – Specified Currency) 
[          ] 
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche:] 
[          ] 
4.
Issue Price: 
[          ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable).] 
5.
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Condition 2(a) 
(Interpretation – Definitions 
– Specified Denomination(s)) 
 
[          ] [and integral multiples of [      ] in excess thereof 
up to and including [      ]. No Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [          ].] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent).) 
(Note where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”) 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less than 
one year must have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).)

--- Page 238 ---
A47398444 
238 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Calculation 
Amount) 
[          ] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. There 
must be a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6.
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Issue Date) 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)]       Trade Date: 
[          ] 
 
[(iii)] 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Interest 
Commencement Date) 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7.
Maturity Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions – Maturity Date) 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year.] 
 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing 
the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
“professional investors” or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be 
available.] 
8.
Interest Basis: 
[[          ] % Fixed Rate] 
 
Condition 6 (Interest) 
[[   ] month EURIBOR/SIBOR/TIBOR/ HIBOR/Bank of 
England Base Rate] +/- [    ]% per annum Floating Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: SOFR Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: €STR Linked Interest] 
 
 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions [applicable/not 
applicable]: [[       ] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [     ] 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 12 below, then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph [14/17] below.] / 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest Period(s) ending 
on (but excluding) [     ], then calculated in accordance 
with paragraph [12/16] below.] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 239 ---
A47398444 
239 
 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
 
Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase) 
[Instalment Notes] 
10.
(i) 
Change of interest following 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable:) 
[Rate of Interest (Post-Call): [   ] (further particulars 
specified below)] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Basis reset on Reset 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11.
Put/Call Options: 
 
 
Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons) 
Early redemption for tax non-
deductibility 
Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) 
Condition 8.4 (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) 
Condition 8.4A(Clean-up Call 
Option) 
 
Redemption for tax reasons 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[Investor Put] 
Clean-up Call: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO [INITIAL] INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 6.1 (Interest – Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year from (and including) [          ] up to 
and including the Maturity Date/[          ]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
Condition 6.1.2 (Interest – 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
– Fixed Coupon Amount) 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest

--- Page 240 ---
A47398444 
240 
 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Broken 
Amount) 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [          ]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
13.
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 6.2 (Interest – Interest on 
Reset Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date(s): 
[            ]

--- Page 241 ---
A47398444 
241 
 
 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate(s) and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reset Reference Rate: [Mid Swaps/Reference Bond] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [          ] 
 
(vi) 
Reset Margin: 
[          ] 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[Option A Applies:] / [Option B Applies:] [          ] 
 
(viii) 
Mid Swap Maturity: 
[          ] 
 
(ix) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[          ] 
 
(x) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[          ] 
 
(xi)  
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate 
[EURIBOR]/[SIBOR]/[TIBOR]/[HIBOR]/[Bank of 
England Base Rate] 
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
Condition 6.3 (Interest – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [     ]] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Condition 6.3.2(a) (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Rate of Interest –  
Screen Rate Determination)] / 
[Condition 6.3.2(b) (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Rate of Interest –  
ISDA Determination)] 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
[          ] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)]

--- Page 242 ---
A47398444 
242 
 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
 
(vi)        Calculation of other amounts 
by the Calculation Agent 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify manner of 
calculation] 
 
              Condition 6.3.6 (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Calculation of other 
amounts) 
 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[          ] month [EURIBOR/SIBOR/ TIBOR/HIBOR/Bank 
of England Base Rate]/ 
 
 
[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS Reference Rate]/[Leveraged 
CMS Reference Rate]/[Steepener CMS Reference Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]]/[Call Spread CMS Reference 
Rate]/[€STR] 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[      ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[      ]/[The CMS Rate having a Designated Maturity of [•] 
shall be CMS Rate 1 and the CMS Rate having a 
Designated Maturity of [•] shall be CMS Rate 2]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the Designated 
Maturity for each relevant CMS Rate) 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01/other (give 
details)] 
[(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions)] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London/Brussels] time/other 
(give details)] 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro/other (give details)] 
 
(viii) In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period: 
[          ] London Banking Days 
 
(ix) 
In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph)

--- Page 243 ---
A47398444 
243 
 
 
 
SOFRi 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period: 
[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
 
(x) 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Observation Method: 
Observation Look-Back: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Shift: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation [Look-Back]/[Target] Period: [          ] 
TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
(xii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] [+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Margin(s) [(Pre-Call)]: 
[+/-][      ]% per annum. 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[          ]% per annum.] 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[          ]% per annum.] 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(xvii) CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [•] per cent. per annum] 
[Floor means [•] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 244 ---
A47398444 
244 
 
[Leverage means [•] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
15.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[          ]% per annum. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[       ]% of Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction for the 
purpose of Condition 7(ii) 
(Zero Coupon Notes) and 
Condition 8.8(b) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Early 
redemption of Zero Coupon 
Notes): 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPTIONAL REDEMPTION DATE (CALL) 
Condition 5 (Initial and Post-Call Interest Provisions) 
16.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest (Post-Call): 
 
 
[          ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
[[          ] in each year beginning on [          ] up to and 
including the date of redemption of the Notes, if the Issuer 
does not redeem the Notes on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer)] 
 
 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will be a long 
first coupon] / [There will be a short last coupon] / [There 
will be a long last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 245 ---
A47398444 
245 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount; 
 
 
[          ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) falling [in/on] [          ] 
 
 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken amounts 
which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
17.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Margin (Post-Call): 
[+/-] [          ]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
 
 
 
Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) 
[          ] 
 
 
Optional Redemption 
Dates: 
[[          ] in each year beginning on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) up to and including the date of 
redemption of the Notes, if the Issuer does not redeem the 
Notes on the Optional Redemption Date (Call) pursuant to 
Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)] 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will be a long 
first coupon] / [There will be a short last coupon] / [There 
will be a long last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] /

--- Page 246 ---
A47398444 
246 
 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [ ]] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner of determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[         ] month [EURIBOR/SIBOR/ HIBOR]]/[Bank of 
England Base Rate]/ [SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS Reference 
Rate] /[Leveraged CMS Reference Rate]/[Steepener CMS 
Reference Rate: [Unleveraged/Leveraged]]/[Call Spread 
CMS Reference Rate]/[€STR] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[[     ] /[The CMS Rate having a Designated Maturity of 
[•] shall be CMS Rate 1 and the CMS Rate having a 
Designated Maturity of [•] shall be CMS Rate 2]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the Designated 
Maturity for each relevant CMS Rate) 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
[(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions)] 
 
(vii) 
In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period: 
[          ] London Banking Days 
 
(viii) In the case of SOFR linked 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 247 ---
A47398444 
247 
 
Notes: 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
SOFRi 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period: 
[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
 
(ix) 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Observation Method: 
Observation Look-Back: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Shift: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation [Look-Back]/[Target] Period: [          ] 
TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
 
 
(xi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculation: 
[            ] 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(xiii) CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [•] per cent. per annum] 
[Floor means [•] per cent. per annum] 
[Leverage means [•] per cent.]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 248 ---
A47398444 
248 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18.
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.3 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[          ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Dates: 
[[any Business Day from (and including) [          ] to (and 
including) [          ]/[the Optional Redemption Date (Call)] 
and thereafter, [_____]] in each year beginning on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call)]]. 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount. 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[          ] 
19.
Put Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.4 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[          ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
20.
Final Redemption Amount 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount.] 
 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions – Final Redemption 
Amount) 
(where Notes are Instalment Notes, cross refer to 
paragraph 26 (Details relating to Instalment Notes) 
including detail of Instalment Amounts and Instalment 
Amount Payment Dates. Note that the first instalment 
amount cannot be payable prior to 18 months from Issue 
Date.)

--- Page 249 ---
A47398444 
249 
 
21.
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons (Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax)): 
Condition 8.2 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption 
for tax reasons) 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is applicable: (a) if the Tax 
Event occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if 
the Tax Event occurs before the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), [principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / 
[Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is not applicable: [principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole 
Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(ii)  
Early Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up):  
Condition 8.4A (Clean-up 
Call Option) 
[[          ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Make Whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Redemption Margin: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Bond: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Quotation Time: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Make Whole 
Amount: 
[[Not Applicable / [          ] shall be the Calculation 
Agent]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22.
Form of Notes: 
Condition 3 (Form, denomination and 
title) 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at 
any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples of €1,000 
(or equivalent), the Permanent Global Note representing 
such Notes shall only be exchangeable to Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances of (1) closure of the ICSDs; 
and (2) default of the Issuer.] 
23.
New Global Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
24.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Business Days: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions - Additional Financial 
Centre(s)) 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the place of payment.]

--- Page 250 ---
A47398444 
250 
 
25.
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments. 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 28 coupon payments are still to be 
made]/[No] 
(If yes:) [Dates on which Talons mature: [ ]] 
26.
Details relating to Instalment Notes 
(amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made): 
Condition 8.6 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption by 
Instalments) 
[Not Applicable/give details of Instalment Amount due on 
each Instalment Amount Payment Date] 
(First Instalment Amount cannot be payable prior to 18 
months from Issue Date) 
 
27.
Unmatured Coupons void 
 
Condition 9(g) (Payments – 
Unmatured Coupons void) 
[Condition 9(g) applies/does not apply] 
28.
Substitution Provisions 
 
Condition 15.4 (Substitution) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
29.
Governing Law 
 
Condition 20 (Governing law and 
jurisdiction)
[English law]/[Italian law] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[     ] has been extracted from [     ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [    ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  ...........................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 251 ---
A47398444 
251 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other 
(specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] / [the Professional Segment of the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT 
Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] / 
[specify any other relevant stock exchange] with effect from 
[              ].] and on [specify] with effect from [              ].] / [Not 
Applicable.] (where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses of 
admission to trading: 
[          ] [     ]] 
2.
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated]/[The Notes to be issued 
have been rated: 
 
 
[AM Best Europe: [     ]] 
[Fitch: 
[          ]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: 
[          ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: 
[          ]]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK and 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the [EEA]/[UK] and registered 
under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”]. 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, not 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation but has applied 
for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in [the EEA] / [the UK] and has 
applied for registration under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)], although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority]/[European Securities and Markets

--- Page 252 ---
A47398444 
252 
 
Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, not 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation and not applied 
for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in [the EEA] / [the UK] and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in [the EEA] / [the UK] but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in [the EEA] 
/ [the UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA or the UK and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the relevant CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in [the EEA] / [the UK] but is 
certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor 
certified under the relevant CRA Regulation and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in [the EEA] / [the UK] and 
is not certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)] and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in [the EEA]/[the 
UK] and registered under the [EU CRA Regulation]/[UK CRA 
Regulation]. 
 
 
Option 7 – to be used if the rating is issued or endorsed by a UK 
CRA (which is not certified under the UK CRA but is registered 
with the FCA)

--- Page 253 ---
A47398444 
253 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the [UK]/[insert] and is 
[registered with the FCA in accordance with] / [the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit rating 
agency] registered with the FCA in accordance with] / [certified 
under] [the UK Credit Rating Agencies Regulation, as amended 
by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019]]. 
 
 
[In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the 
EU CRA Regulation and UK regulated investors are restricted 
under the UK CRA Regulation from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA or the UK and registered under the 
relevant CRA Regulation; or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the 
UK and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation or (3) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA or the UK which is certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Senior Notes being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
3.
ADDITIONAL INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
 
[Need to include a description of any additional interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, in addition to those described in the Base Prospectus, detailing the persons involved and the 
nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement in the form shown below. 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead]Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. [Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests]] 
4.
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
The amount of the proceeds from the issue of the Notes, net of 
expenses of admission to trading, is €[_____]. 
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[          ] / [Not Applicable] 
6.
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES / BENCHMARK RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
[[EURIBOR]/[specify benchmark]] is provided by [[European Money Markets Institute]/[administrator 
legal name]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [[European Money Markets Institute]/[administrator 
legal name]] [appears]/[does not appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and

--- Page 254 ---
A47398444 
254 
 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation.] As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration [(or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
7.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[          ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[          ] 
 
(iii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility 
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] (Include this 
text if “Yes” selected in which case the Notes must be issued in 
NGN form) / [No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and number (s)] 
 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[          ] 
8.
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the EEA  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared “Applicable” 
should be specified.]

--- Page 255 ---
A47398444 
255 
 
 
9.
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the UK 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared “Applicable” 
should be specified.] 
10.
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 256 ---
A47398444 
256 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 2 NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Tier 2 Notes will be substantially in the following form, completed to 
reflect the particular terms of the relevant Tier 2 Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does 
not form part of the form of the Final Terms of the Tier 2 Notes but denotes directions for completing the Final 
Terms of the Tier 2 Notes.  
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-
demand full repayment of the amounts invested]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all

--- Page 257 ---
A47398444 
257 
 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.][1] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300X5UKJVE386ZB61 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Tier 2 Notes 
[being [Green Bonds]/[Social Bonds]/[Sustainability Bonds]] 
 
under the 
 
€15,000,000,000 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Tier 2 Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 25 May 2022 (the “Base Prospectus”) 
[and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and 
the relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer is only available 
on the basis of the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and full information on the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] 
and [website] and copies may be obtained from [address]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] and, 
in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the 
Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform of the Regulated Market of the 
 
[1] For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 258 ---
A47398444 
258 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under the 2021 Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Tier 2 Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2021 which are incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8.2(a) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, 
save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2021 and are 
attached hereto. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of the Tier 2 Notes set forth in the Base 
prospectus dated 25 May 2021 which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 25 May 
2022 [and the supplement dated [●]]. The Base Prospectuses [and the supplement] are available for viewing 
at [address] and [website] and copies may be obtained from [address]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s]] and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, on the Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform of the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
[(i)] 
[Series Number:] 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche Number:] 
[          ] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series): 
 
[(iii)]    [Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single series:] 
[The notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [insert]]. 
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions – Specified Currency) 
[          ] 
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche:] 
[          ] 
4.
Issue Price: 
[          ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable).]

--- Page 259 ---
A47398444 
259 
 
5.
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Condition 2(a) 
(Interpretation – Definitions 
– Specified Denomination(s)) 
 
[          ] [and integral multiples of [      ] in excess thereof 
up to and including [      ]. No Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [          ].] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent).) 
(Note where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”) 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less than 
one year must have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Calculation 
Amount) 
[          ] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. There 
must be a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6.
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Issue Date) 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)]       Trade Date: 
[          ] 
 
[(iii)] 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Interest 
Commencement Date) 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7.
Maturity Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions – Maturity Date) 
[For Senior Dated Subordinated Notes or Deeply 
Subordinated Notes with specified maturity date):] 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year.] 
 
 
[Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) and Condition 
10.1.1 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
Scheduled Redemption of Notes with specified maturity 
date) apply.]

--- Page 260 ---
A47398444 
260 
 
 
 
[For Deeply Subordinated Notes with no specified 
maturity date:] 
[Undated] 
Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) and Condition 
10.1.2 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption of Deeply 
Subordinated Notes with no specified maturity date) 
apply.] 
8.
Interest Basis: 
[[          ] % Fixed Rate] 
 
Condition 8 (Interest) 
[[   ] month EURIBOR/SIBOR/TIBOR/ HIBOR/Bank of 
England Base Rate] +/- [    ]% per annum Floating Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: SOFR Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: €STR Linked Interest] 
 
 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions [applicable/not 
applicable]: [[       ] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [     ] 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 13 below, then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph [15/18] below.] / 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest Period(s) ending 
on (but excluding) [     ], then calculated in accordance 
with paragraph [13/17] below.] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
 
Condition 10 (Redemption and 
Purchase) 
 
10.
(i) 
Change of interest following 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable:) 
[Rate of Interest (Post-Call): [   ] (further particulars 
specified below)] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Basis reset on Reset 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11.
Call Options: 
 
 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons) 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) 
Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
Redemption for tax reasons 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event] 
 
[Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event]

--- Page 261 ---
A47398444 
261 
 
 
due to a Regulatory Event) 
Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event) 
Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption 
due to an Accounting Event) 
[Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call 
Option)] 
[Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event] 
[Optional redemption due to Clean-up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12.
Status of the Notes: 
Condition 4 (Status of the Notes) 
[Senior Dated Subordinated Notes]/[Deeply Subordinated 
Notes] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO [INITIAL] INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.1 (Interest – Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year from (and including) [          ] up to 
and including the Maturity Date/[          ]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
Condition 8.1.2 (Interest – 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
– Fixed Coupon Amount) 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Broken 
Amount) 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [          ]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] /

--- Page 262 ---
A47398444 
262 
 
[Eurobond Basis] 
14.
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.2 (Interest – Interest on 
Reset Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date(s): 
[            ] 
 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate(s) and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reset Reference Rate: [Mid Swaps/Reference Bond] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [          ] 
 
(vi) 
Reset Margin: 
[          ] 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[Option A Applies:] / [Option B Applies:] [          ] 
 
(viii) 
Mid Swap Maturity: 
[          ] 
 
(ix) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[          ] 
 
(x) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[          ] 
 
(xi)  
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate 
[EURIBOR]/[SIBOR]/[TIBOR]/[HIBOR]/[Bank of 
England Base Rate] 
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
Condition 8.3 (Interest – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.)

--- Page 263 ---
A47398444 
263 
 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [     ]] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Condition 8.3.2(a) (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Rate of Interest –  
Screen Rate Determination)] / 
[Condition 8.3.2(b) (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Rate of Interest –  
ISDA Determination)] 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[          ] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
 
(vi)        Calculation of other amounts 
by the Calculation Agent: 
              Condition 8.3.6 (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Calculation of other 
amounts) 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify manner of 
calculation] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[          ] month [EURIBOR/SIBOR/ TIBOR/HIBOR/Bank 
of England Base Rate]/ 
 
 
[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS Reference Rate]/[Leveraged 
CMS Reference Rate]/[Steepener CMS Reference Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]]/[Call Spread CMS Reference 
Rate]/[€STR]

--- Page 264 ---
A47398444 
264 
 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[      ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[      ]/[The CMS Rate having a Designated Maturity of [•] 
shall be CMS Rate 1 and the CMS Rate having a 
Designated Maturity of [•] shall be CMS Rate 2]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the Designated 
Maturity for each relevant CMS Rate) 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01/other (give 
details)] 
[(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions)] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London/Brussels] time/other 
(give details)] 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro/other (give details)] 
 
 
In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period: 
[          ] London Banking Days 
 
 
In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
SOFRi 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period: 
[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
 
 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Observation Method: 
Observation Look-Back: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Shift: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation [Look-Back]/[Target] Period: [          ] 
TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ]

--- Page 265 ---
A47398444 
265 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] [+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Margin(s) [(Pre-Call)]: 
[+/-][      ]% per annum. 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[          ]% per annum.] 
 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[          ]% per annum.] 
 
 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [•] per cent. per annum] 
[Floor means [•] per cent. per annum] 
[Leverage means [•] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[          ]% per annum. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[       ]% of Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction for the 
purpose of Condition 9(ii) 
(Zero Coupon Notes) and 
Condition 10.12(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – 
Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes): 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] /

--- Page 266 ---
A47398444 
266 
 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPTIONAL REDEMPTION DATE (CALL) 
Condition 7 (Initial and Post-Call Interest Provisions) 
17.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest (Post-Call): 
 
 
[          ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
[[          ] in each year beginning on [          ] up to and 
including the date of redemption of the Notes, if the Issuer 
does not redeem the Notes on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer)] 
 
 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will be a long 
first coupon] / [There will be a short last coupon] / [There 
will be a long last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount; 
 
 
[          ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) falling [in/on] [          ] 
 
 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken amounts 
which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] /

--- Page 267 ---
A47398444 
267 
 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
18.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Margin (Post-Call): 
[+/-] [          ]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
 
 
 
Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) 
[          ] 
 
 
Optional Redemption 
Dates: 
[[          ] in each year beginning on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) up to and including the date of 
redemption of the Notes, if the Issuer does not redeem the 
Notes on the Optional Redemption Date (Call) pursuant to 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)] 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will be a long 
first coupon] / [There will be a short last coupon] / [There 
will be a long last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [ ]] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner of determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[         ] month [EURIBOR/SIBOR/ HIBOR]]/[Bank of 
England Base Rate]/ [SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS Reference

--- Page 268 ---
A47398444 
268 
 
Rate]/[€STR] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period: 
[          ] London Banking Days 
 
(viii) 
In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
SOFRi 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period: 
[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
 
(ix) 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Observation Method: 
Observation Look-Back: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Shift: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation [Look-Back]/[Target] Period: [          ] 
TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
 
 
(xi) 
Party responsible for 
calculation: 
[            ] 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] /

--- Page 269 ---
A47398444 
269 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST DEFERRAL  
Condition 5 (Deferral of Interest) 
19.
(i) 
Optional Deferral of Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 5.1 (Deferral of 
Interest – Optional Deferral 
of Interest) 
[If applicable:] 
[Optional Deferral Conditions [A/B]] 
[Look Back Period [A/B]] 
 
(ii) 
Mandatory Deferral of 
Interest 
Applicable 
 
Condition 5.2 (Deferral of 
Interest – Mandatory 
Deferral of Interest) 
 
 
(iii)  
Deferred Interest Payment 
Events 
 
Condition 5.3 (Arrears of 
Interest) 
 
 
Deferred Interest Payment Events [Option A/Option 
B/Option C/Option D] applies 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20.
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[          ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Dates: 
[[any Business Day from (and including) [          ] to (and 
including) [          ]/[the Optional Redemption Date (Call)] 
and thereafter, ] [
] in each year beginning on the

--- Page 270 ---
A47398444 
270 
 
Optional Redemption Date (Call)]. 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount. 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[          ] 
21.
Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due 
to a Regulatory Event) 
[If applicable] 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event 
applies/does not apply] 
 
22.
Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 10.5 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due 
to a Rating Event) 
 
23.
Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 10.6 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due 
to an Accounting Event) 
[If applicable] 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event 
applies/does not apply] 
24.
Final Redemption Amount 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount.] 
 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions – Final Redemption 
Amount)

--- Page 271 ---
A47398444 
271 
 
25.
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons (Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax)): 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption 
for tax reasons) 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is applicable: (a) if the Tax 
Event occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if 
the Tax Event occurs before the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), [principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / 
[Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is not applicable: [principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole 
Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Regulatory): 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional 
Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event) 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is applicable: (a) if the 
Regulatory Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes; or (b) if the Regulatory Event occurs before the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call), [principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole Amount] / [other 
amount] 
 
 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is not applicable: [principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole 
Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Rating Event): 
Condition 10.5 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating 
Event) 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is applicable: (a) if the Rating 
Event occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if 
the Rating Event occurs before the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), [principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / 
[Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is not applicable: [principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole 
Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Accounting Event): 
Condition 10.6 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional 
Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event) 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is applicable: (a) if the 
Accounting Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes; or (b) if the Accounting Event occurs before 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call), [principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole Amount] / [other 
amount] 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is not applicable: [principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole 
Amount] / [other amount] 
 
[(v) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up): 
Condition 10.6A 
(Redemption and Purchase – 
Clean-up Call Option)] 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / [Make 
Whole Amount] / [other amount]

--- Page 272 ---
A47398444 
272 
 
 
(v[i]) 
Make Whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Redemption Margin: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Bond: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Quotation Time: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi[i]) 
Party responsible for        
calculating the Make Whole 
Amount: 
[[Not Applicable / [          ] shall be the Calculation 
Agent]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26.
Form of Notes: 
Condition 3 (Form, denomination and 
title) 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at 
any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples of €1,000 
(or equivalent), the Permanent Global Note representing 
such Notes shall only be exchangeable to Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances of (1) closure of the ICSDs; 
and (2) default of the Issuer.] 
27.
New Global Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Business Days: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions - Additional Financial 
Centre(s)) 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the place of payment.] 
29.
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments. 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 28 coupon payments are still to be 
made]/[No] 
(If yes:) [Dates on which Talons mature: [ ]] 
30.
Unmatured Coupons void 
 
Condition 11(f) (Payments – 
Unmatured Coupons void) 
[Condition 11(f) applies/does not apply] 
31.
Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Modification Provisions:
Condition 17.4(a)(A) (Modification and/or Exchange 
following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or

--- Page 273 ---
A47398444 
273 
 
Accounting Event) is [not applicable]/ [applicable in 
relation to [Regulatory Event/Tax Event/Rating 
Event/Accounting Event]] 
Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Exchange Provisions: 
Condition 17.4(a)(B) (Modification and/or Exchange 
following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or 
Accounting Event) is [not applicable]/ [applicable in 
relation to [Regulatory Event/Tax Event/Rating 
Event/Accounting Event]]
32.
Substitution Provisions 
 
Condition 17.5 (Substitution) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
33.
Governing Law 
 
Condition 20 (Governing law and 
jurisdiction)
[English law]/[Italian law] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[     ] has been extracted from [     ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [    ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  ...........................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 274 ---
A47398444 
274 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other 
(specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] / [the Professional Segment of the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT  
Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] / 
[specify any other relevant stock exchange] with effect from 
[              ].] and on [specify] with effect from [              ].] / [Not 
Applicable.] (where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses of 
admission to trading: 
[          ] [     ]] 
2.
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated]/[The Notes to be issued 
have been rated: 
 
 
[AM Best Europe: 
[ ]] 
[Fitch: 
[          ]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: 
[          ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: 
[          ]]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK and 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the [EEA]/[UK] and registered 
under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, not 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation but has applied 
for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in [the EEA]/[the UK] and has 
applied for registration under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)], although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority]/[European Securities and Markets

--- Page 275 ---
A47398444 
275 
 
Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, not 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation and not applied 
for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in [the EEA] / [the UK] and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in [the EEA] / [the UK] but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in [the EEA] 
/ [the UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA or the UK and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the relevant CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in [the EEA] / [the UK] but is 
certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor 
certified under the relevant CRA Regulation and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in [the EEA] / [the UK] and 
is not certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)]  and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in [the EEA]/[the 
UK] and registered under the [EU CRA Regulation]/[UK CRA 
Regulation]. 
 
 
Option 7 – to be used if the rating is issued or endorsed by a UK 
CRA (which is not certified under the UK CRA but is registered 
with the FCA)

--- Page 276 ---
A47398444 
276 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the [UK]/[insert] and is 
[registered with the FCA in accordance with] / [the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit rating 
agency] registered with the FCA in accordance with] / [certified 
under] [the UK Credit Rating Agencies Regulation, as amended 
by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019]]. 
 
 
[In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the 
EU CRA Regulation and UK regulated investors are restricted 
under the UK CRA Regulation from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA or the UK and registered under the 
relevant CRA Regulation; or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the 
UK and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation; or (3) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA or the UK which is certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
3.
ADDITIONAL INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
 
[Need to include a description of any additional interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, in addition to those described in the Base Prospectus, detailing the persons involved and the 
nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement in the form shown below. 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead]Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. [Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests]] 
4.
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
The amount of the proceeds from the issue of the Notes, net of 
expenses of admission to trading, is €[_____]. 
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[          ] / [Not Applicable] 
6.
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES / BENCHMARK RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
[[EURIBOR]/[specify benchmark]] is provided by [[European Money Markets Institute]/[administrator 
legal name]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [[European Money Markets Institute]/[administrator 
legal name]] [appears]/[does not appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation.] As far as the Issuer is

--- Page 277 ---
A47398444 
277 
 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration [(or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
7.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[          ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[          ] 
 
(iii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility 
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] (Include this 
text if “Yes” selected in which case the Notes must be issued in 
NGN form) / [No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and number (s)] 
 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[          ] 
8.
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the EEA  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared “Applicable” 
should be specified.]

--- Page 278 ---
A47398444 
278 
 
9.
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the UK 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared “Applicable” 
should be specified.] 
10.
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 279 ---
A47398444 
279 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE TIER 3 NOTES 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Tier 3 Notes will be substantially in the following form, completed to 
reflect the particular terms of the relevant Tier 3 Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does 
not form part of the form of the Final Terms of the Tier 3 Notes but denotes directions for completing the Final 
Terms of the Tier 3 Notes.  
[IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the 
needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-
demand full repayment of the amounts invested]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all

--- Page 280 ---
A47398444 
280 
 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.][1] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300X5UKJVE386ZB61 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] Tier 3 Notes 
[being [Green Bonds]/[Social Bonds]/[Sustainability Bonds]] 
 
under the 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Tier 3 Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 25 May 2022 (the “Base Prospectus”) 
[and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and [date]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and 
the relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer is only available 
on the basis of the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and full information on the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at [address] 
and [website] and copies may be obtained from [address]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] and, 
in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the 
Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform of the Regulated Market of the 
 
[1]     For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 281 ---
A47398444 
281 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
[(i)] 
[Series Number:] 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche Number:] 
[          ] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series): 
 
[(iii)]    [Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single series:] 
[The notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [insert]]. 
2.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions – Specified Currency) 
[          ] 
3.
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche:] 
[          ] 
4.
Issue Price: 
[          ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable).] 
5.
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Condition 2(a) 
(Interpretation – Definitions 
– Specified Denomination(s)) 
 
[          ] [and integral multiples of [      ] in excess thereof 
up to and including [      ]. No Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [          ].] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent).) 
(Note where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”) 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less than 
one year must have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).)

--- Page 282 ---
A47398444 
282 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Calculation 
Amount) 
[          ] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. There 
must be a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6.
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Issue Date) 
[          ] 
 
[(ii)]       Trade Date: 
[          ] 
 
[(iii)] 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Interest 
Commencement Date) 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7.
Maturity Date: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions – Maturity Date) 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year.] 
Condition 6 (Conditions for Redemption) and Condition 
10.1 (Redemption and Purchase – Scheduled redemption) 
apply. 
8.
Interest Basis: 
[[          ] % Fixed Rate] 
 
Condition 8 (Interest) 
[[   ] month EURIBOR/SIBOR/TIBOR/ HIBOR/Bank of 
England Base Rate] +/- [    ]% per annum Floating Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: SOFR Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: €STR Linked Interest] 
 
 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions [applicable/not 
applicable]: [[       ] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the 
Interest Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [     ] 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 12 below, then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph [14/17] below.] / 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest Period(s) ending 
on (but excluding) [     ], then calculated in accordance 
with paragraph [12/16] below.] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
 
Condition 10 (Redemption and 
Purchase)

--- Page 283 ---
A47398444 
283 
 
10.
(i) 
Change of interest following 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable:) 
[Rate of Interest (Post-Call): [   ] (further particulars 
specified below)] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Basis reset on Reset 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11.
Call Options: 
 
 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons) 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) 
Condition 10.4 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Regulatory Event) 
Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption 
due to a Rating Event) 
Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption 
due to an Accounting Event) 
Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call 
Option) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event] 
 
 
[Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event] 
[Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event] 
[Optional Redemption due to Clean-up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO [INITIAL] INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.1 (Interest – Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year from (and including) [          ] up to 
and including the Maturity Date/[          ]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
Condition 8.1.2 (Interest – 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
– Fixed Coupon Amount) 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation 
– Definitions – Broken 
Amount) 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [          ]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] /

--- Page 284 ---
A47398444 
284 
 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
13.
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 8.2 (Interest – Interest on 
Reset Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date(s): 
[            ] 
 
(v) 
Reset Reference Rate(s) and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
Reset Reference Rate: [Mid Swaps/Reference Bond] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [          ]

--- Page 285 ---
A47398444 
285 
 
 
(vi) 
Reset Margin: 
[          ] 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate Screen Page: 
[Option A Applies:] / [Option B Applies:] [          ] 
 
(viii) 
Mid Swap Maturity: 
[          ] 
 
(ix) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[          ] 
 
(x) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[          ] 
 
(xi)  
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate 
[EURIBOR]/[SIBOR]/[TIBOR]/[HIBOR]/[Bank of 
England Base Rate] 
14.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
Condition 8.3 (Interest – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Initial] Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [     ]] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details.] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Condition 8.3.2(a) (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Rate of Interest –  
Screen Rate Determination)] / 
[Condition 8.3.2(b) (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Rate of Interest –  
ISDA Determination)] 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[          ] [Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
 
(vi)      Calculation of other amounts 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify manner of

--- Page 286 ---
A47398444 
286 
 
by the Calculation Agent: 
             Condition 8.3.6 (Interest – 
Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes – Calculation of other 
amounts) 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
calculation] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[          ] month [EURIBOR/SIBOR/ TIBOR/HIBOR/Bank 
of England Base Rate]/ 
 
 
[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS Reference Rate]/[€STR] 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[      ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[      ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01/other (give 
details)] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. [London/Brussels] time/other 
(give details)] 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro/other (give details)] 
 
(viii) 
In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period: 
[          ] London Banking Days 
 
(ix) 
In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
SOFRi 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period: 
[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business Days

--- Page 287 ---
A47398444 
287 
 
 
(x) 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Observation Method: 
Observation Look-Back: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Shift: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation [Look-Back]/[Target] Period: [          ] 
TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
 
(xii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] [+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Margin(s) [(Pre-Call)]: 
[+/-][      ]% per annum. 
 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[          ]% per annum.] 
 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable/[          ]% per annum.] 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
15.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[          ]% per annum. 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[       ]% of Aggregate Nominal Amount

--- Page 288 ---
A47398444 
288 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction for the 
purpose of Condition 9(ii) 
(Zero Coupon Notes) and 
Condition 10.12(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – 
Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes): 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPTIONAL REDEMPTION DATE (CALL) 
Condition 7 (Initial and Post-Call Interest Provisions) 
16.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest (Post-Call): 
[          ]% per annum [payable [annually/ 
semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
[[          ] in each year beginning on [          ] up to and 
including the date of redemption of the Notes, if the Issuer 
does not redeem the Notes on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) pursuant to Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer)] 
 
 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will be a long 
first coupon] / [There will be a short last coupon] / [There 
will be a long last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount; 
 
 
[          ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) falling [in/on] [          ] 
 
 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken amounts 
which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] /

--- Page 289 ---
A47398444 
289 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
17.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Margin (Post-Call): 
[+/-] [          ]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
applicable: 
 
 
 
Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) 
[          ] 
 
 
Optional Redemption 
Dates: 
[[          ] in each year beginning on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) up to and including the date of 
redemption of the Notes, if the Issuer does not redeem the 
Notes on the Optional Redemption Date (Call) pursuant to 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)] 
[There will be a short first coupon] / [There will be a long 
first coupon] / [There will be a short last coupon] / [There 
will be a long last coupon] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Floating Rate Convention] / 
[FRN Convention] / 
[Eurodollar Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] / 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] / 
[No Adjustment] 
[Specified Period: [ ]] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner of determination: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 290 ---
A47398444 
290 
 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[         ] month [EURIBOR/SIBOR/ HIBOR]]/[Bank of 
England Base Rate]/ [SONIA]/[SOFR]/[CMS Reference 
Rate]/[€STR] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[[       ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
In the case of SONIA linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period:  
[          ] London Banking Days 
 
(viii) 
In the case of SOFR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
SOFRi 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
p: 
[          ] 
 
 
Observation Period: 
[          ] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
 
(ix) 
In the case of €STR linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the rest of this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Observation Method: 
Observation Look-Back: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation Shift: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Observation [Look-Back]/[Target] Period: [          ] 
TARGET Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity:

--- Page 291 ---
A47398444 
291 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
 
 
(xi) 
Party responsible for 
calculation: 
[            ] 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / 
[30/360] / 
[360/360] / 
[Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18.
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date 
(Call): 
[          ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Dates: 
[[any Business Day from (and including) [          ] to (and 
including) [          ]/[the Optional Redemption Date (Call)] 
and thereafter, ] [         ] in each year beginning on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call)]. 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount. 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[          ] 
19.
Optional Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due 
[If applicable:]

--- Page 292 ---
A47398444 
292 
 
to a Regulatory Event) 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to a Regulatory Event 
applies/does not apply] 
 
20.
Optional Redemption due to a 
Rating Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 10.5 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due 
to a Rating Event) 
 
21.
Optional Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 10.6 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Optional Redemption due 
to an Accounting Event) 
[Partial Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event 
applies/does not apply] 
 
22.
Final Redemption Amount 
[[          ] per Calculation Amount.] 
 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions – Final Redemption 
Amount) 
 
23.
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons (Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax)): 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption 
for tax reasons) 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is applicable: (a) if the Tax 
Event occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if 
the Tax Event occurs before the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), [principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / 
[Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is not applicable: [principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole 
Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Regulatory): 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional 
Redemption due to a 
Regulatory Event) 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is applicable: (a) if the 
Regulatory Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes; or (b) if the Regulatory Event occurs before the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call), [principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole Amount] / [other 
amount] 
 
 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is not applicable: [principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole 
Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Rating Event): 
Condition 10.5 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional 
Redemption due to a Rating 
Event) 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is applicable: (a) if the Rating 
Event occurs on or after the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call), principal amount outstanding of the Notes; or (b) if 
the Rating Event occurs before the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), [principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / 
[Make Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is not applicable: [principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole

--- Page 293 ---
A47398444 
293 
 
Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Accounting Event): 
Condition 10.6 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Optional 
Redemption due to an 
Accounting Event) 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is applicable: (a) if the 
Accounting Event occurs on or after the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call), principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes; or (b) if the Accounting Event occurs before 
the Optional Redemption Date (Call), [principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole Amount] / [other 
amount] 
If the Issuer’s Call Option is not applicable: [principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes] / [Make Whole 
Amount] / [other amount] 
 
[(v) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Clean-up): 
Condition 10.6A (Redemption 
and Purchase – Clean-up 
Call Option)] 
[principal amount outstanding of the Notes] / [Make 
Whole Amount] / [other amount] 
 
(v[i]) 
Make Whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Redemption Margin: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Bond: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Quotation Time: 
[[      ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi[i]) 
Party responsible for        
calculating the Make Whole 
Amount: 
[[Not Applicable / [          ] shall be the Calculation 
Agent]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24.
Form of Notes: 
Condition 3 (Form, denomination and 
title) 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at 
any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples of €1,000 
(or equivalent), the Permanent Global Note representing 
such Notes shall only be exchangeable to Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances of (1) closure of the ICSDs; 
and (2) default of the Issuer.] 
25.
New Global Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 294 ---
A47398444 
294 
 
26.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Business Days: 
Condition 2(a) (Interpretation – 
Definitions - Additional Financial 
Centre(s)) 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the place of payment.] 
27.
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments. 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 28 coupon payments are still to be 
made]/[No] 
(If yes:) [Dates on which Talons mature: [ ]] 
28.
Unmatured Coupons void 
 
Condition 11(f) (Payments – 
Unmatured Coupons void) 
[Condition 11(f) applies/does not apply] 
29.
Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Modification Provisions: 
Condition 17.4(a)(A) (Modification and/or Exchange 
following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or 
Accounting Event) is [not applicable]/ [applicable in 
relation to [Regulatory Event/Tax Event/Rating 
Event/Accounting Event]] 
Regulatory/Tax/Rating/Accounting 
Event Exchange Provisions: 
Condition 17.4(a)(B) (Modification and/or Exchange 
following a Regulatory Event, Tax Event, Rating Event or 
Accounting Event) is [not applicable]/ [applicable in 
relation to [Regulatory Event/Tax Event/Rating 
Event/Accounting Event]] 
30.
Substitution Provisions 
 
Condition 17.5 (Substitutioni) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
31.
Governing Law 
 
Condition 22 (Governing law and 
jurisdiction)
[English law]/[Italian law] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[     ] has been extracted from [     ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [    ], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  ...........................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 295 ---
A47398444 
295 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other 
(specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] / [the Professional Segment of the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT  
Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] / 
[specify any other relevant stock exchange] with effect from 
[              ].] and on [specify] with effect from [              ].] / [Not 
Applicable.] (where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses of 
admission to trading: 
[          ] [     ]] 
2.
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated]/[The Notes to be issued 
have been rated: 
 
 
[AM Best Europe: 
[ ]] 
[Fitch: 
[          ]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: 
[          ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: 
[          ]]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK and 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the [EEA]/[UK] and registered 
under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, not 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation but has applied 
for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the [EEA]/[UK] and has 
applied for registration under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)], although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority]/[European Securities and Markets

--- Page 296 ---
A47398444 
296 
 
Authority]. 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA or the UK, not 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation and not applied 
for registration 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in [the EEA]/[the UK] and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established and 
registered under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in [the EEA] / [the UK] but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in [the EEA] 
/ [the UK] and registered under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA or the UK and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the relevant CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in [the EEA] / [the UK] but is 
certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor 
certified under the relevant CRA Regulation and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the relevant CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in [the EEA] / [the UK] and 
is not certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)]/[Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)] and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in [the EEA]/[the 
UK] and registered under [the EU CRA Regulation]/[the UK 
CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
Option 7 – to be used if the rating is issued/endorsed by a UK 
CRA (which is not certified under the UK CRA but is registered 
with the FCA)

--- Page 297 ---
A47398444 
297 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the [UK]/[insert] and is 
[registered with the FCA in accordance with] / [the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [UK-based credit rating 
agency] registered with the FCA in accordance with] / [certified 
under] [the UK Credit Rating Agencies Regulation, as amended 
by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019]]. 
 
 
[In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the 
EU CRA Regulation and UK regulated investors are restricted 
under the UK CRA Regulation from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA or the UK and registered under the 
relevant CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA or the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the 
UK and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation, or (3) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA or in the UK which is certified under the relevant CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes 
of this type being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
3.
ADDITIONAL INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
 
[Need to include a description of any additional interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, in addition to those described in the Base Prospectus, detailing the persons involved and the 
nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement in the form shown below. 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead]Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. [Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests]] 
4.
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
The amount of the proceeds from the issue of the Notes, net of 
expenses of admission to trading, is €[_____]. 
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[          ] / [Not Applicable] 
6.
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES / BENCHMARK RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
[[EURIBOR]/[specify benchmark]] is provided by [[European Money Markets Institute]/[administrator 
legal name]]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [[European Money Markets Institute]/[administrator 
legal name]] [appears]/[does not appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation.] As far as the Issuer is

--- Page 298 ---
A47398444 
298 
 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration [(or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
7.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[          ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[          ] 
 
(iii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility 
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] (Include this 
text if “Yes” selected in which case the Notes must be issued in 
NGN form) / [No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and number (s)] 
 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[          ] 
8.
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the EEA 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared “Applicable” 
should be specified.]

--- Page 299 ---
A47398444 
299 
 
9.
Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the UK 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared “Applicable” 
should be specified.] 
10.
U.S. Selling Restrictions 
[TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 300 ---
A47398444 
300 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Senior Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions or, as applicable, the Tier 3 
Conditions to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the 
Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, 
in the case of a NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the 
case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in 
which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and 
such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent 
Global Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of an NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.

--- Page 301 ---
A47398444 
301 
 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested 
exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Senior Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions or the Tier 3 Conditions, as applicable, or the date for final 
redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount 
of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such 
thirtieth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (c) 
above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but, in the case of 
Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms to be governed by English law, without prejudice to the rights 
which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 25 May 
2022 (the “Deed of Covenant”) executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being 
entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note (each, an “Accountholder”) will acquire directly against 
the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary 
Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. In the case of Notes specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to be governed by Italian law, the Temporary Global Note shall include an undertaking 
by the Issuer in favour of each Accountholder that it will make all payments in respect of the principal amount 
of Notes for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as being held 
by the Accountholder and represented by the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note and an acknowledgement by the Issuer that each Accountholder may take proceedings to enforce this 
undertaking directly against the Issuer. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. 
If:

--- Page 302 ---
A47398444 
302 
 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes;  
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Senior 
Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions or the Tier 3 Conditions, as applicable, or the date for final 
redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal 
falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg 
time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Note beomces void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note will have no further rights thereunder (but, in the case of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms to 
be governed by English law, without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or 
others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note (each, an “Accountholder”) will acquire directly against the Issuer all 
those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note 
became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. In the case of Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms to be governed by Italian law, the Permanent Global Note shall include an undertaking by the Issuer in 
favour of each Accountholder that it will make all payments in respect of the principal amount of Notes for 
the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as being held by the 
Accountholder and represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note and 
an acknowledgement by the Issuer that each Accountholder may take proceedings to enforce this undertaking 
directly against the Issuer. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Senior Conditions, the Tier 2 Conditions or, as 
applicable, the Tier 3 Conditions as they apply to the Global Note. The following is an overview of certain of 
those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order 
of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and 
in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8.4 (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) of the Senior Conditions the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, instruct the Fiscal Agent 
through the ICSDs.

--- Page 303 ---
A47398444 
303 
 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 8.4A (Clean-up Call Option) of the Senior Conditions 
and, if applicable, Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10.4 (Optional 
Redemption due to a Regulatory Event), Condition 10.5 (Optional Redemption due to a Rating Event) or 
Condition 10.6 (Optional Redemption due to an Accounting Event) or Condition 10.6A (Clean-up Call 
Option) of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions in relation to some only of the Notes, the 
Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance 
with the relevant Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the relevant 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices) of the Senior Conditions and Condition 19 (Notices) of the 
Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the 
Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of the Senior Conditions and Condition 19 
(Notices) of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of applicable law or 
regulations, such notices shall be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding the definition of “Payment Business Day” in Condition 2(a) 
(Definitions), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note 
and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the 
Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, “Payment Business Day” means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre.

--- Page 304 ---
A47398444 
304 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer 
either: 
(a) 
for its general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets (if the relevant Notes are 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms as Green Bonds), Eligible Social Assets (if the relevant 
Notes are indicated in the applicable Final Terms as Social Bonds) or, as the case may be, a mix 
of Eligible Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets (if the relevant Notes are indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms as Sustainability Bonds), meeting the Green Eligibility Criteria and/or, as 
the case may be, Social Eligibility Criteria (each as defined below).  
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles and the ICMA 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets and/or, 
as the case may be, Eligible Social Assets, and complying with the relevant Green Eligibility Criteria and/or 
the Social Eligibility Criteria and any other criteria set out in the the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework, 
being Generali’s umbrella framework for the issuance of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability 
Bonds and which is available in the “investor relations” section of the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.generali.com) (as amended, restated or updated on such website from time to time, the “Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework”) will be classified as “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” or, as the case may 
be, “Sustainability Bonds”. 
A second party consultant has reviewed the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework dated June 2021 and has 
issued an opinion confirming that the framework aligns with ICMA’s Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021, 
Green Bond Principles 2021 and Social Bond Principles 2021. This opinion (and any other opinion issued 
from time to time on the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework) is (or will be) available in the “investor 
relations” section on the Issuer’s webiste at https://www.generali.com. 
For the purposes of this section: 
“Eligible Green Assets” means the assets that meet the Green Eligibility Criteria for the (re)financings of 
green buildings, renewable energy, energy efficiency, clean transportation, sustainable water management, 
recycling, re-use and waste management. 
“Eligible Social Assets” means assets that meet the Social Eligibility Criteria for the (re)financings relating to 
access to essential services/social infrastructure, affordable housing, SME financing, socioeconomic 
advancement and employment generation and response to health and natural disaster crisis. 
“Green Eligibility Criteria” means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability 
Bond Framework. 
“Social Eligibility Criteria” means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability 
Bond Framework.

--- Page 305 ---
A47398444 
305 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
Established in Trieste in 1831 as a company limited by shares (Società per Azioni) with a duration of 300 years, 
Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. (“Assicurazioni Generali” or “Generali”) and its consolidated subsidiaries 
(together the “Generali Group” or the “Group”) is the largest insurance group in Italy2 and one of the major 
players in Europe. Since 2017, Assicurazioni Generali has also launched a focused asset management strategy. The 
registered address of Assicurazioni Generali is Piazza Duca degli Abruzzi 2, 34132 Trieste, Italy and the telephone 
number is (0039) 040 671111. Assicurazioni Generali is registered at the Companies’ Registry of the Chamber of 
Commerce of Venezia Giulia, Italy, under registration No. 00079760328. 
The corporate purpose of Assicurazioni Generali, as provided by Articles 4.1 and 4.2 of its by-laws, is to: (i) 
engage in and carry out the business of insurance, reinsurance and capitalisation of every kind and to operate and 
manage any forms of supplementary pensions, including through the creation of open funds, in Italy and abroad, or 
the undertaking of any other activities reserved or admitted by the law to insurance companies; and (ii) in general 
engage in and perform any activity and carry out any transaction that is related to, connected with or conducive to 
the attainment of the corporate purpose, also through the participation in Italian or foreign companies and bodies. 
As parent company of the Group, in the performance of its management and coordination activities, Assicurazioni 
Generali adopts all the necessary measures with the Group companies to implement the provisions given by IVASS 
to ensure the stable and efficient management of the Group pursuant to article 214-bis, paragraph 2, of the Italian 
private insurance code. 
Since 15 April 1994, Assicurazioni Generali shares have been listed on the Mercato Telematico Azionario, the 
electronic stock market of the Italian Stock Exchange. As at 31 December 2021, Assicurazioni Generali had a 
market capitalisation of approximately €29,455 million.  
Generali Group 
At 31 December 2021, the Generali Group consolidated 505 companies, an increase compared to 484 at 31 
December 2020. With more than 72.6 thousand employees servicing some 67 million customers, the Group has a 
leading position in Europe and a growing presence in Asia and Latin America.  
The Generali Group undertakes a wide range of direct life and non-life insurance business, assumed reinsurance 
business and activities in fund and asset management and related areas. The following is a graphical representation 
of the Generali Group as of 31 December 2021. 
 
 
2 
Source: ANIA (Associazione Nazionale fra le imprese Assicuratrici, the Italian national association of insurance undertakings).

--- Page 306 ---
A47398444 
306

--- Page 307 ---
A47398444 
307 
 
Financial Overview 
The financial information in respect of Assicurazioni Generali in this Base Prospectus is derived from the 
consolidated financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
2020 which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS.  
The table below shows the value of the Group’s main Key Performance Indicators (i) as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2021 and (ii) as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
 
 
As at and for the years ended 31 
December 
 
2020
2021
 
(millions of Euros)
Gross earned premiums
67,393
73,985
- 
Life gross earned premiums
45,218
50,185
- 
Non-life gross earned premiums
22,175
23,799
Life segment net cash inflows
12,114
12,729
Operating result
5,208
5,852
- 
Life
2,627
2,816
- 
Non-life
2,456
2,650
- 
Asset Management
546
672
- 
Holding and other businesses
130
561
- 
Consolidation adjustments
-551
-847
Non-operating result
-1,848
-1,306
Financial Liabilities
44,068
47,713
(billions of Euros) 
Assets under management (1)
561
575
(1) Asset management segment including assets of a number of companies disposed of during the year, previously held by the Group and 
retained under its management pursuant to the terms of the sale agreements  
For the year ended 31 December 2021 gross earned premiums of the Generali Group amounted to Euro 73,895 
million (for the year ended 31 December 2020: Euro 67,393 million), of which Euro 50,185 million (for the year 
ended 31 December 2020: Euro 45,218 million was attributable to its life insurance business and Euro 23,799 
million (for the year ended 31 December 2020: Euro 22,175 million to its non-life insurance business.  
The consolidated net profit of the Generali Group for the full year 2021 (excluding minority interests) was Euro 
2,847 million (for the year ended 31 December 2020, including the result of discontinued operations: Euro 1,744 
million). The adjusted net profit, defined as the net result without the impact of gains and losses related to 
acquisitions and disposals, was equal to €2,795 million in 2021 and excluded €52 million relating to the acquisition 
of the control of the Cattolica group and to extraordinary costs for its integration (€1,926 million adjusted net profit 
in 2020, which neutralised €183 million loss resulting from the settlement agreement for the BSI disposal). 
Adjusted net profit for the 2020 financial year, excluding also the expenses of the Extraordinary International Fund 
for Covid-19 and the liability management transaction, amounted to Euro 2,076 million.  
Total investments of the Generali Group as at 31 December 2021 amounted to Euro 527,904 million (Euro 492,522 
million as at 31 December 2020).  
Insurance provisions (net of amounts ceded to reinsurers from insurance provisions) of the Generali Group as at 31 
December 2021 amounted to Euro 479,449 million (Euro 442,330 million as at 31 December 2020), of which 
insurance provisions for policies where the investment risk is borne by the policyholders and those related to 
pension funds amounted to Euro 102,481 million (Euro 80,370 million as at 31 December 2020).

--- Page 308 ---
A47398444 
308 
 
See further the section “Group’s Performance” (pages 80-87) of the Management Report in the 2021 Annual 
Integrated Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Selected Financial Information 
The section “Overview Financial Information of the Issuer”, included at page 331 in this Base Prospectus, contains 
consolidated balance sheet and income statement information in summary form, extracted from the consolidated 
financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021. Certain 
numerical figures contained in this Base Prospectus, including financial information and certain operating data, 
have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum of the numbers in a column 
or a row in tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row or the sum of certain 
numbers presented as a percentage may not conform exactly to the total percentage given. 
The following table sets out certain selected consolidated financial information of Assicurazioni Generali as at and 
for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021.  
 
As at and for the years ended 31 
December 
 
2020
2021
 
IFRS 
(millions of Euros or percentage)
Gross earned premiums
67,393
73,985
Total income 
85,242
99,088
Total expenses
-81,852
-94,509
Investments
492,522
527,904
Insurance provisions 
442,330
479,449
Shareholders’ equity (group)
30,029
29,308
Group operating result
5,208
5,852
Loss ratio (non-life, net of consolidated adjustments)
61.0%
62.6%
Combined ratio (non-life, net of consolidated adjustments)
89.1%
90.8%
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains, or incorporates by reference, certain financial measures and alternative performance 
indicators that the Issuer considers to constitute alternative performance measures (“APMs”) for the purposes of 
the ESMA (European Securities Markets Authority) Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (the 
“Guidelines”). These APMs are used in order to help the assessment of the quality and sustainability of the net 
result of the Group in the various business segments and territorial areas. Investors should view the APMs as 
complementary to, and not a substitute for, the figures determined according to IFRS. See further the section 
“Methodological note on alternative performance measures” (pages 184-187) appearing in the 2021 Annual 
Integrated Report, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, for certain reconciliations in respect of the 
APMs required in accordance with the Guidelines. 
Strategy and business developments  
Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth 
The Board of Directors of Assicurazioni Generali approved, at a board meeting held on 15 December 2021, the 
Group’s new three-year strategy: Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth (the “2022-24 Strategic Plan”). The 2022-
24 Strategic Plan aims to deliver sustainable growth across Generali’s core and emerging business lines, building 
on the strong foundations established since 2016. The bedrock of the new plan is Generali’s ongoing commitment 
to be a Lifetime Partner to its more than 67 million customers in over 50 countries. Investments in personalised 
products, digitally-enabled advice and a best-in-class customer experience will enable Generali and its global 
network of some 173,000 agents to get even closer to customers.

--- Page 309 ---
A47398444 
309 
 
Generali plans to go further in its sustainability commitments during this strategic cycle, with a continued focus on 
making a positive social, environmental and stakeholder impact. Over the duration of the 2022-24 Strategic Plan, 
Generali aims to complete the integration of ESG criteria into the direct investments of its general account portfolio 
by 2024, reduce the carbon footprint of the corporate investments portfolio by 25%, and grow sustainable products 
Gross Written Premiums by 5% to 7% (CAGR) by 2024. Through the actions envisaged under the 2022-24 
Strategic Plan, Generali aims to enhance its earnings profile, increase the profitability of its Life business, invest in 
technology and digital transformation, grow third-party Asset Management revenues and further improve 
efficiency. Generali has also launched the “Fenice 190” €3.5 billion investment plan in March 2021 to support the 
sustainable recovery of the European economies. 
The new 2022-24 Strategic Plan confirms the Solvency II operating target range of Generali’s Capital Management 
Framework. In particular, the Solvency operating target range has been confirmed at 180% - 240% corridor, with a 
soft limit (after stress) of 150% and a hard limit at 130%. A €500 million share buyback has also been announced, 
to be submitted for approval by Generali’s shareholders and to be implemented subject to regulatory 
recommendations. 
The Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth Strategic Plan is built on three key pillars, which the Group aims to 
pursue through the levers and strategic actions identified below: 
Pillar 1: Drive sustainable growth  
- 
Boost P&C revenues and maintain best-in class technical margins 
o 
improve market share in segments with significant growth potential – SMEs, Senior Care in Europe 
and Travel in the US 
o 
seize growth opportunities offered by health protection gap thanks to its leadership in core markets 
- 
Grow capital light business, technical profits and ESG product range 
o 
drive unit-linked business volumes and further internalise margins 
o 
boost protection as a de-risking tool for investment solutions 
o 
expand ESG solutions proposition 
- 
Underpin growth with effective cost management 
o 
maintain cost discipline in mature insurance markets 
o 
focus investments in Asia and fee businesses 
Pillar 2: Enhance earnings profile  
- 
Improve life business profile and profitability 
o 
undertake comprehensive in-force optimisation to reduce capital intensity and improve operating 
result 
o 
enhance strategic asset allocation, integrate ESG and leverage real asset platform to improve returns 
- 
Redeploy capital to profitable growth initiatives 
o 
reinforce leadership in Europe and strengthen presence in selected Asian markets; improve portfolio 
rebalance by investing in underwriting risk and fee businesses 
o 
invest in selected Asset Management capabilities and build scale to accelerate third-party growth 
in pursuit of the following strategic principles: drive earnings diversification, increase market leadership, 
minimise execution risk, optimise risk/return profile 
- 
Develop asset management franchise further 
o 
expand real asset capabilities building an in-house private debt proposition to improve risk-adjusted 
returns and fee margin 
o 
upscale distribution platform to drive organic growth in third-party revenues 
o 
enhance investment strategies to enrich life and asset management offering and support the Group’s 
unit linked strategy

--- Page 310 ---
A47398444 
310 
 
o 
management effective ESG integration to empower Generali’s investment processes for a “Just 
Transition” 
Pillar 3: Lead innovation  
- 
Increase customer value through lifetime partner advisory model 
o 
increase customer value by scaling digitally-enabled advisory model 
o 
establish seamless omni-channel approach across distribution channels 
o 
gain share of European digital profit pool by scaling direct operations 
- 
Accelerate innovation as a data-driven company 
o 
leverage new data capabilities to improve technical leadership and offer value-added services through 
digital ecosystems 
o 
develop powerful and sustainable innovation engine to support future growth 
- 
Achieve additional operational efficiency by scaling automation and technology 
o 
reduce costs through digitisation, core process automation and shared platforms 
o 
optimise further claims management using artificial intelligence 
Generali is committed to act as a force for good in building a more resilient and just society. ESG commitments are 
embedded within the Strategic Plan, in line with its commitments as a member of the Net-Zero Asset Owner 
Alliance, alongside some €8.5 billion to €9.5 billion of new green and sustainable investments between 2021 and 
2025. The Group has also defined a roadmap for the complete exclusion of investments and underwriting activities 
in the thermal coal sector and is forging ahead with the commitment to no longer insure upstream oil and gas 
activities.  
The Group is committed to help SMEs make a sustainable transition through its EnterPRIZE project, and to lend its 
support to unlock the potential of people living in vulnerable conditions through the Group’s flagship social 
initiative – The Human Safety Net – a social innovation hub powered by Generali’s skills, networks and solutions.  
Generali will continue to invest in its people to ensure they are engaged with the successful delivery of the new 
Strategic Plan while fostering a sustainable work environment. Over the course of Lifetime Partner 24: Driving 
Growth, the Group will focus on enhancing its customer-centric and meritocratic culture and developing 
competencies, which includes upskilling a significant portion of its employees with new digital and strategic skills. 
Generali pledges to build a diverse and inclusive environment and to promote equal gender opportunities. Generali 
is furthermore committed to enable an efficient and agile organisation by embracing a sustainable hybrid work 
model rooted on digital. 
New Group organisational structure  
The Group’s organisational structure, first adopted in January 2021, is designed to address key strategic priorities 
for the continued successful delivery of its strategic plans. The organisational structure aims to: 
- 
enhance further discipline in asset liability management, in order to continue increasing balance sheet 
resilience against volatile markets, in line with the progress made since the launch of the Strategic Plan. 
Insurance products development capabilities will be further strengthened by integrating the Group investment 
management and the insurance domain. This will allow for superior matching of customers’ needs while 
granting sustainable returns for shareholders in a “lower for longer” interest rate environment; 
- 
accelerate the implementation of the Asset Management multi-boutique platform strategy, a key pillar for 
profitable growth, improved earnings diversification and reduced capital absorption, also through adding 
complimentary skills; 
- 
speed up the pace of digital transformation, streamline operating processes and continue delivering the 
LifeTime Partner strategic ambition, establishing an integrated oversight on all levers supporting digital and 
technological transformation.

--- Page 311 ---
A47398444 
311 
 
Under this streamlined organisational structure, senior executives report directly to the Group CEO to deliver the 
targets of the Strategic Plan, including the following officers who have been appointed as officers of 
business/organisational units: 
- 
Group Chief Insurance & Investment Officer, who heads the new organisational unit that will integrate the 
competencies of the Group Head Office Insurance and Reinsurance areas with Investment Management; 
- 
CEO Asset & Wealth Management, head of the new business unit with responsibility to coordinate the 
activities of Group asset management companies and Banca Generali; 
- 
Group Chief Transformation Officer, a newly established role integrating responsibilities linked to Strategy 
with Operations and the digital and technological transformation. 
 
The following diagram illustrates the current organisational structure of the Assicurazioni Generali Group. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
_____ 
1 
Global Business Lines comprises Generali Global Corporate & Commercial and Generali Employees Benefits  
Board of Directors 
Corporate Affairs 
Group Audit 
Group CEO 
Group Actuarial 
Function 
Group Chief Risk 
Officer 
Group Compliance 
Function 
Group Anti Financial 
Crime Function 
Group General 
Counsel 
Group Communications 
& Public Affairs 
Group Chief HR & 
Organisation Officer 
Italy & Global 
Business Lines1 
Group Chief Financial 
Officer 
Group Mergers & 
Acquisitions 
Group Chief Marketing 
& Customer Officer 
Group Chief Insurance 
& Investment Officer 
Group Chief 
Transformation Officer 
GCEO Office 
France & Europ 
Assistance 
Germany 
Austria & CEE2 
International3 
Asset & Wealth 
Management

--- Page 312 ---
A47398444 
312 
 
2 
Austria, Central and Eastern Europe countries: Austria, Czech Republic, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Serbia, Montenegro, Romania, 
Slovenia, Bulgaria, Croatia and lastly, Russia. In March 2022, Generali announced its decision to wind down its business activities in 
Russia. 
3 
International comprises Spain, Switzerland, Americas and Southern Europe, Asia 
 
The Generali Group’s managerial structure is made up of three main markets – Italy, France and Germany – and 
the following regional structures: 
- 
Austria, Central and Eastern Europe3; 
- 
International; 
- 
Asset and Wealth management: which includes the main Group entities operating in asset management and 
financial planning; 
- 
Group holdings and other companies: which includes the Issuer’s management and coordination activities, 
including Group reinsurance, Europ Assistance, other companies (including Generali Employee Benefits) as 
well as other financial holding companies and suppliers of international services not included in the other 
geographic areas.  
The following table illustrates the breakdown of the 2020 and 2021 operating results broken down according to the 
above representation.  
 
For the years ended 
31 December 
For the years ended 
31 December 
For the years ended 
31 December 
 
2020 
2021) 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2021 
 
Total 
of which Life 
of which Non-life 
(millions of Euros)
Italy
1,845
1,898
1,371
1,282
531
654
France
861
840
565
651
297
169
Germany
905
975
372
415
592
634
Austria, CEE and Russia (1)
916
885
289
251
624
622
International
370
756
79
415
334
367
Asset & Wealth Management (2)
821
1,008
-
-
-
Group holdings, other companies and 
consolidation adjustments
-510
-511
-48
-199
79
205
Total 
5,208 
5,852 
2,627 
2,816 
2,456 
2,650 
____ 
 
(1) Generali announced on 3 March 2022 its decision to close its Moscow representative office; to resign from positions held on 
the board of the Russian insurer, Ingosstrakh; and to wind down the business of Europ Assistance in Russia. 
(2) includes the main Group entities operating in investment advisory, asset management and financial planning. It includes, 
among others, Banca Generali. Adding the operating result of Asset Management of the Central and Eastern European countries 
to that of Asset & Wealth Management reported in the table, the total operating result amounted to €1,044 million (€853 million 
for 2020).  
 
Generali Group Insurance Business 
The Generali Group’s gross earned premiums, prior to reinsurance and after consolidated adjustments, amounted to 
Euro 73,985 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 (Euro 67,393 million for the year ended 31 December 
2020). 
Life 
 
3 Generali announced on 3 March 2022 its decision to close its Moscow representative office; to resign from positions held on the board of the 
Russian insurer, Ingosstrakh; and to wind down the business of Europ Assistance in Russia.

--- Page 313 ---
A47398444 
313 
 
Life gross earned premiums of the Generali Group amounted to Euro 50,185 million in 2021 (Euro 45,218 million 
in 2020). The following table sets out certain selected figures for the Generali Group’s life operations for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2021.  
 
For the years ended 
31 December 
 
2020
2021
 
(IFRS) 
(millions of Euros)
Gross earned premiums
45,218
50,185
Net earned premiums
43,582
48,533
Net income from financial instruments at fair value
1,817
8,939
Total income of life segment
59,089
70,538
Net insurance benefit and claims
-47,291
-59,238
Total expenses of life segment
-57,048
-67,980
Earnings before taxes
2,040
2,558
 
Life Geographic Distribution  
The following table sets out the gross premiums written for the Generali Group’s life operations of some selected 
geographical areas in which the Generali Group is present, for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021.  
 
For the years ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2021 
 
(millions of 
Euros)
(millions of 
Euros)
Italy
19,636
18,671
France
9,800
12,374
Germany
10,638
11,034
Austria, CEE and Russia (1)
2,626
2,325
International
4,892
5,672
-   Spain
671
693
-   Switzerland
1,045
1,027
-   Amercicas & Southern Europe
368
441
-   Asia
2,808
3,511
Group Holding and other companies
966
1,602
Total 
 
48,557 
 
51,680 
 
 
(1) Generali announced on 3 March 2022 its decision to close its Moscow representative office; to resign from positions 
held on the board of the Russian insurer, Ingosstrakh; and to wind down the business of Europ Assistance in Russia.

--- Page 314 ---
A47398444 
314 
 
Non-Life 
Non-life gross earned premiums of the Generali Group amounted to Euro 23,799 million for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (Euro 22,175 million for the year ended 31 December 2020).  
The following table sets out certain selected figures for the Generali Group’s non-life operations for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 20219.  
 
For the years ended 31 
December 
 
2020
2021
 
(IFRS) 
(millions of Euros)
Gross earned premiums
22,175
23,799
Net earned premiums
20,886
22,151
Net income from financial instruments at fair value
3
21
Total income of non-life sector
24,199
25,974
Net Insurance benefits and claims
-12,744
-13,866
Total expenses of non-life sector
-22,232
-23,669
Earnings before taxes
1,968
2,305
 
Non-Life Geographic Distribution  
The following table sets out the direct written premiums by line of business and by country, for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2021.  
 
Motor 
Non-motor 
Total 
 
For the years 
ended 
For the years ended 
For the years ended 
 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
2021 
 
(millions of Euros)
Italy
1,965
2,053
3,489
3,719
5,454
5,772
France
1,068
1,116
1,726
1,932
2,794
3,048
Germany
1,465
1,469
2,311
2,387
3,776
3,856
Austria, CEE and Russia
2,040
2,167
2,275
2,429
4,314
4,596
International
1,549
1,633
2,399
2,589
3,948
4,221
-   Spain
444
440
1,098
1,167
1,541
1,607
-   Switzerland
304
297
449
429
753
726
-   Americas & Southern 
Europe
802 
895 
738 
885 
1,540 
1,780 
-   Asia
0
0
114
108
114
108
Group holding and other 
companies
30 
210 
917 
1,344 
947 
1,554 
-   of which Europ Assistance
28
23
597
790
625
814
Total 
8,117 
8,649 
13,116 
14,399 
21,233 
23,048

--- Page 315 ---
A47398444 
315 
 
Non-Life Combined ratio  
The following table sets out the combined ratio, the loss ratio and the expense ratio of some selected geographical 
areas in which the Generali Group is present with its non-life operations, for the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2021.  
 
Combined ratio(*) 
Loss ratio 
Expense ratio 
 
For the years ended
31 December 
For the years ended
31 December 
For the years ended
31 December 
 
2020 
2021
2020
2021
2020
2021
Italy
88.3%
91.4%
61.9%
64.4%
26.4%
27.0%
France
92.7%
97.9%
64.5%
70.6%
28.3%
27.3%
Germany
86.0%
87.1%
56.6%
57.4%
29.4%
29.6%
Austria, CEE and Russia
83.9%
84.2%
55.5%
55.6%
28.4%
28.5%
International
94.8%
94.7%
65.1%
65.9%
29.6%
28.8%
-   Spain
93.4%
93.2%
64.7%
65.9%
28.7%
27.3%
-   Switzerland
91.5%
92.4%
63.6%
65.7%
27.9%
26.7%
-   Americas & Southern Europe
96.8%
96.2%
66.2%
65.7%
30.6%
30.4%
-   Asia
100.0%
99.2%
66.1%
67.7%
33.9%
31.5%
Group holding and other companies
91.3%
92.1%
65.0%
65.0%
26.2%
27.1%
-   of which Europe Assistance
91.0%
92.3%
58.8%
61.8%
32.2%
30.6%
Total 
 
89.1% 
90.8% 
61.0% 
62.6% 
28.1% 
28.2% 
 
 
(*) CAT claims impacted the on the Group combined ratio for 2.2 p.p., of which 3.4 p.p. in Italy, 2.1 p.p. in France, 4.2 p.p. 
in Germany and 3.7 p.p. in Austria, CEE and Russia (as at 31 December 2020, CAT claims impacted on the Group 
combined ratio for 1.5 p.p., of which 3.1 p.p. in Italy, 0.9 p.p. in France, 1.2 p.p. in Germany and 1.1 p.p. in ACEER). 
 
Generali Group Asset Management business 
The Group first announced its new strategy for the asset management division in May 2017 and set up the 
Investments, Asset and Wealth Management business unit. The objective is to address the needs of insurance 
companies and individuals in a low interest rate environment and to support the Group’s shift towards a greater 
contribution from fee-based business. The asset management strategy is based on two pillars: broadening 
investment capabilities and offering bespoke investment solutions to European companies and savings products to 
individual clients. This business unit operates in: investment management (implementation of the Asset Liability 
Management and Strategic Asset Allocation models on behalf of the Group Insurance companies), Asset 
Management (asset management for the most part addressed to insurance clients, with its clients base expanded to 
comprise external institutional clients (such as pension funds and foundations) and retail clients; and Wealth 
Management (financial planning and asset protection for customers through a network of consultants at the top end 
of the sector in terms of skills and professionalism, mainly through Banca Generali).  
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Asset and Wealth Management business unit (including also the 
Asset Management result of Central and Eastern European countries) recorded an operating result of €1,044 
million, an increase of 22.4% from €853 million in 2020, with a contribution of €405 million from Wealth 
Management (up by about 14.6% compared to €353 million in 2020); and a contribution of €672 million from 
Asset Management (up by about 22.9% from €546 million in 2020).  
This business unit aims to pursue its strategic objectives by:  
- 
exploiting cross-selling opportunities, by promoting the growth of a capital-light business, such as the 
services of LDI (“Liability Driven Investments”) Solutions, which seek to offer institutional customers 
the expertise developed in investment management; and 
- 
expanding the multi-boutique platform in order to increase the range of products and services for all 
customers. Multi-boutiques are companies acquired on the market or created in partnership with 
operators with acknowledged investment skills in highly specialised asset classes, both in traditional asset 
classes and alternative ones. 
The boutiques operating in the Investment, Asset & Wealth Management business unit are:

--- Page 316 ---
A47398444 
316 
 
- 
Generali Global Infrastructure (GGI), a partnership created with the aim of investing in infrastructure debt 
with a diversified portfolio, both in terms of geography and sector; 
- 
Aperture Investors, an innovative asset management company based on a revenue model that is radically 
different from that present on the market; 
- 
Lumyhna, a leading company in developing alternative UCITS (Undertakings for the Collective Investment 
of Transferable Securities) strategies, with an important international clientele that positively contributes to 
increasing Generali’s offer and distribution; 
- 
Sycomore Factory SAS, a benchmark in ESG/SRI investment solutions in France; 
- 
Axis Retail Partners, an advisory boutique in real estate, focusing on shopping centre investments; 
- 
Plenisfer Investments SGR, which offers an innovative and integrated approach for a wide range of asset 
classes. 
With reference only to the Asset Management business, its operating result in 2021 was €672 million (€546 million 
in 2020) and net result was €504 million (€386 million in 2020). Total assets under management as at 31 December 
2021 amounted to €575 billion (€561 billion as at 31 December 2020). Third party assets under management 
increased from €104 billion as  the end of 2020 to €113 billion at the end of 2021, driven by positive net inflows. 
Regulatory 
Italian insurance and reinsurance companies are subject to the application of a multi-level system of rules. 
From an Italian law perspective, in primis, the Italian Civil Code contains certain provisions applicable to the 
insurance matter, including, in particular, life and non-life insurance contracts. In addition to the Italian Civil Code 
provisions, insurance laws are consolidated into the Legislative Decree No. 209/2005, as amended from time to 
time (“Code of Private Insurance” (Codice delle Assicurazioni Private)). Such provisions of law related to the 
insurance sector are integrated, at national level, by regulations issued by the Ministero dello Sviluppo Economico 
(the “Ministry of Economic Development” formerly, Ministero delle Attività Produttive (the Ministry of Industry 
and Commerce)) and implemented by regulations issued by the Istituto per la Vigilanza sulle Assicurazioni 
(“IVASS”). 
From a European law perspective, Italian insurance companies are subject to EU Directives mainly concerning the 
insurance sector and to the relevant applicable implementing rules (including, without limitation, the EU Directives 
on life insurance, non-life insurance, solvency matters, etc.). Among the most recent and relevant European laws, it 
is worth mentioning the EU Directive 2009/138/EC of 25 November 2009 (so called “Solvency II Directive”) 
providing for new rules on: (i) minimum financial requirements to cover risks; (ii) governance and risk 
management requirements; and (iii) disclosure and transparency requirements. The Solvency II Directive has been 
implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 74 of 12 May 2015, that integrated and amended the 
aforementioned Code of Private Insurance  
Under the national legal framework, the provisions of the Code of Private Insurance, inter alia: (i) regulate access 
to insurance and reinsurance activities; (ii) require the maintenance of certain solvency margins, in part through a 
guarantee fund; (iii) determine the form of financial statements for insurance companies; and (iv) regulate the 
activities of insurance intermediaries. Following the entry into force of Legislative Decree No. 74 of 12 May 2015, 
implementing Solvency II Directive in Italy, many articles of the Code of Private Insurance, including articles 44 
and 44-bis concerning the solvency margin of insurance undertakings, were repealed or amended. In addition, 
mainly during 2015 and 2016, in order to implement Solvency II Directive, IVASS published a considerable 
number of consultation papers and new regulations on different matters (by way of example, Regulation No. 
33/2016 concerning public disclosure and reporting to IVASS; Regulation No. 32/2016 on risk and solvency 
assessment – ORSA; Regulation No. 24/2016 on investments and assets covering technical provisions; Regulation 
No. 13/2015 concerning the ancillary own-fund items and several regulations concerning the application of the risk 
modules provided by the Solvency II framework). Under the national regulatory framework currently in force, a 
very important role is granted to IVASS. In particular, with the exception of certain powers specifically reserved for

--- Page 317 ---
A47398444 
317 
 
the Ministry of Economic Development, all control and supervisory powers in respect of the insurance industry are 
autonomously exercised by IVASS. IVASS's role includes, inter alia: (i) monitoring technical, financial and asset 
and liability management and monitoring solvency ratios; (ii) reviewing financial statements; (iii) supervising the 
activities of insurance intermediaries; (iv) granting authorisation to conduct insurance and reinsurance activities; 
(v) applying sanctions and proposing disciplinary measures vis-à-vis insurance and reinsurance companies as well 
as insurance intermediaries, including suspension or revocation of authorisations to conduct insurance and 
reinsurance activities; (vi) approving restructuring plans; (vii) advising the Ministry of Economic Development 
with respect to admission to the compulsory liquidation procedure for financially troubled insurance entities; and 
(viii) communicating and collaborating with other EU insurance regulatory authorities. IVASS has the power to 
request information from insurance companies, conduct audits of their activities, question their legal 
representatives, managing directors and statutory auditors and convene shareholders', directors' and statutory 
auditors' meetings in order to propose measures necessary to conform the management of insurance companies to 
the requirements provided by applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, IVASS has the power to order the sale 
or decrease of shareholdings held by an insurance undertaking in other companies, if they do not meet the 
requirements set forth in applicable laws and regulations and there is a risk to the soundness of the insurance 
company. 
Finally, the regulatory framework applicable to Italian insurance companies, requires insurance and reinsurance 
undertakings to establish and maintain a regular contact with IVASS. In particular, intragroup transactions carried 
out by Italian insurance and reinsurance companies with relevant counterparties, exceeding certain thresholds or 
not carried out at market conditions, are subject to monitoring by IVASS, in accordance with IVASS Regulation 
No. 30 of 26 October 2016. 
Corporate Governance Rules 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, Assicurazioni Generali operates in compliance with all applicable corporate 
governance laws and regulations of Italy and also in compliance with the best practices, according to the Italian 
Corporate Governance Code, approved by the Italian Corporate Governance Committee in March 2016, as 
amended from time to time. 
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of Assicurazioni Generali in office at the date of this Base Prospectus has been appointed at 
the ordinary general meeting of Assicurazioni Generali held on 29 April 2022 for a term expiring on approval of 
the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2024.  
Generali’s By-Laws provide for the appointment of board of directors according to the slate voting system (voto di 
lista). Lists may be submitted by shareholders who, alone or jointly with others, represent at least 0.5% of the share 
capital and by the outgoing Board of Directors. According to paragraph 28 of Generali’s By-Laws, if two lists are 
submitted, all members of the board of directors to be elected shall be drawn from the list that has obtained the 
highest number of votes cast by shareholders (the “Majority List”), save for three members who shall be drawn 
from the list that has obtained the second highest number of votes (disregarding the votes of any shareholders who 
are directly or indirectly connected to those who have voted for the Majority List). If three or more lists have been 
submitted, four (or five) members shall be drawn from the two lists, after the Majority List, that have obtained the 
second and third highest number of votes (respectively, the “First Minority List” and the “Second Minority 
List”), provided that the Second Minority List has obtained a number of votes corresponding to at least 5% of the 
share capital. For a detailed description of the slate voting system, see further paragraph 28 of Generali’s By-Laws, 
which is available under the Governance section of its website.

--- Page 318 ---
A47398444 
318 
 
The composition of the Board of Directors as at the date of this Base Prospectus is set out below:  
Position 
Name 
Principal activities performed by the Directors 
outside the Assicurazioni Generali Group 
Chair 
Andrea Sironi (1) 
Vice President and Professor of Economics of 
Financial Intermediaries at Bocconi University; Chair 
of Borsa Italiana; Chair of the AIRC Foundation for 
Cancer Research; Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Institute of International Political Studies (ISPI), of 
the Italian Social Foundation (FSI) and of EASL 
International Liver Foundation (Geneva); Member of 
the International Advisory Council of Stockholm 
School of Economics, of the Advisory Board of Nova 
School of Business and Economics (Lisbon) and of the 
Advisory Board of Cometa, non-profit organisation. 
Group CEO and 
Managing Director 
Philippe Donnet (*) (1) 
Chair of Generali Italia S.p.A., Generali Services Pte. 
Ltd.; Member of the General Council of Fondazione 
Giorgio Cini; Member of the Board of Directors of 
Fondazione Generali the Human Safety Net Onlus. 
Directors 
Clemente Rebecchini (*) (1) 
Key manager, head of Principal Investing Division of 
Mediobanca S.p.A.; Member of the Board of Directors 
of Burgo Group S.p.A. and Istituto Europeo di 
Oncologia S.r.l. 
 
Diva Moriani (1) 
Vice-Chair and Chief Transformation Officer of KME 
SE; Executive Vice-Chair of Intek Group S.p.A.; 
Member of the Board of Directors, Chair of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
Member of the Related Parties Committee of Moncler 
S.p.A.; Member of the Board of Directors of Culti 
Milano S.p.A.; Member of the Board of Directors of 
Dynamo Academy, Dynamo Foundation and Dynamo 
Association.  
 
Luisa Torchia (1) 
Full Professor of Administrative Law at the 
Department of Law of the University of Roma Tre; 
Member of the Board of Directors of Almawave 
S.p.A.; Member of the National Committee for 
Research Evaluation (CNVR) by the Minister for 
University and Research; founding partner and 
Member of the General Council of Icon-S 
(International Society of Public Law); Member of the 
Board of Directors of the Basso Foundation. 
 
Alessia Falsarone (1)  
Managing Director, Head of Sustainable Investing and 
Senior Portfolio and Risk Strategist for PineBridge 
Investments’ Developed Markets Fixed Income team; 
Member of the Operating Board of OpenCorporates 
Ltd (UK); Member of the London Stock Exchange’s 
Sustainable Bond Market Advisory Group; Member of 
the Standards Advisory Group of the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB); Member of the 
UN PRI Advisory Committee on ESG in Credit Risk 
and Ratings; Member of the Advisory Board of 
Fintech, Center for Financial Professionals (UK); Chair 
of the Governance and Appointments Committee of the 
International Education and Resource Network (iEarn-

--- Page 319 ---
A47398444 
319 
 
USA), virtual exchange network of the World 
Economic Forum. 
 
Lorenzo Pellicioli (*) (1) 
Managing Director of De Agostini S.p.A.; Chair of IGT 
PLC; Chair of the Board of Directors of DeA Capital 
S.p.A.; Member of the Board of Directors of B&D 
Holding S.p.A.; Member of the Monitoring Committee 
of Banijay Group S.a.s.; Member of the advisory board 
of Palamon Capital Partners. 
 
Clara Furse (1) 
Chair of HSBC UK; non- executive Director of 
Vodafone Group Plc; Member of the Panel of Senior 
Advisors to Chatham House; Member of Bocconi 
University’s International Advisory Council; Chair of 
the UK Voluntary Carbon Markets Forum. 
 
Umberto Malesci (1) 
Director, Internet of Things (IOT), Business 
Development of Cisco Systems (NASDAQ: 
CSCO)Milan / New York; Member of the Board of 
Directors of Italian Institute of Technology; Member of 
the Board of Directors of Tanaza S.p.A. 
 
Antonella Mei-Pochtler (1) 
Member of the Supervisory Board and of the 
Remuneration Committee of Publicis Groupe SA; 
Member of the Supervisory Board, Audit and 
Remuneration Committee of ProSiebenSat.1 SE; 
Deputy Chair of the Supervisory Board of Westwing 
AG; Member of the Supervisory Board of SIPRA, 
Ivory Coast, as a representative of IFC (International 
Finance Corpration); Special Advisor to the Austrian 
Chancellor, head of ThinkAustria, think tank of 
Austrian chancellery and Senior Advisor of The Boston 
Consulting Group. 
 
Francesco Gaetano 
Caltagirone (*) (2) 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Caltagirone S.p.A. 
and Il Messaggero S.p.A.; Non-executive member of 
the Board of Directors of Aalborg Portland Holding 
A/S., member of the Board of Directors of ICAL S.p.A. 
(Il Messaggero S.p.A., Aalborg Portland Holding A/S 
and ICAL S.p.A. belong to the FGC Group). 
 
Marina Brogi (2) 
Full Professor of of economics of financial 
intermediaries at Sapienza University, Rome; 
Independent Member of the Board of Directors, 
Chairman of the ESG Committee, member of the 
Appointments and Remuneration Committee, member 
of the Related Parties Committee of Media for Europe 
NV; Independent member of the Board of Directors of 
Guala Closures S.p.A. and Epta S.p.A.; Member of the 
CFA lnstitute Systemic Risk Council; Member of the 
MSCI Thought Leader Council on Corporate 
Governance Fundamentals; Worldwide Co-Chair of the 
WCD Family Business and Private Companies Council 
of the Women Corporate Directors (WCD); Member of 
the jury of the Sustainable Enterprise Award promoted 
by the 24 Ore Group; Member of the Steering 
Committee of the Culture, Ethics and Finance Group; 
Member of the Javotte Bocconi Institute.

--- Page 320 ---
A47398444 
320 
 
 
Flavio Cattaneo (2) 
Executive Vice-Chair of NTV/ Italo S.p.A.; Member of 
the Board of Directors of ITABUS S.p.A. and of 
Essecieffe lnvestments S.r.l. 
 
(*) non-independent. 
(1) from the Majority List (as defined above) submitted by the outgoing Board of Directors. 
(2) from the First Minority List (as defined above) submitted by the Caltagirone group. 
 
In accordance with Generali’s Code of Corporate Governance and its internal regulations (Regulation of the Board 
of Directors and of the Board Committees), a "significant shareholder" is defined as “a natural person or 
corporation who directly or indirectly, also through subsidiaries, trustees or third parties, controls the Company or 
is able to exercise a significant influence over it or who is part, directly or indirectly, of a shareholders’ agreement 
through which one or more parties exercise control or a significant influence over the Company. In this connection, 
“significant influence” indicates a situation where a natural person or corporation holds, directly or indirectly, 
also through subsidiaries, trustees or third parties, an interest greater than 3% of the Company shares with voting 
rights.” Therefore, a shareholder director for which applies one of the aforementioned situations, as well as a 
director who is, or has been, in the previous three years, an executive director or employee of a significant 
shareholder of the Company, is considered non-independent. 
The business address of each of the Directors is Piazza Duca degli Abruzzi, 2, 34132 Trieste, Italy. 
Conflicts of Interest of members of the Board of Directors 
The Directors of Assicurazioni Generali may, from time to time, hold directorships or other significant interests 
with companies outside the Generali Group, which may have business relationships with the Generali Group. 
Assicurazioni Generali has in place procedures, as required by Articles 2391 and 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code, 
aimed at identifying and managing any conflicts or potential conflicts of interests, to ensure, where possible, that 
no actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise, and to guarantee, as required by the Regulation 17221 of 12 
March 2010, as amended (Regolamento Operazioni con Parti Correlate) approved by CONSOB (the Italian 
Securities and Exchange Commission), that related party transactions are performed in accordance with the 
principle of transparency and substantive and procedural correctness.  
There are no conflicts of interest between any of the Directors’ duties to Assicurazioni Generali and their private 
interests or other duties, other than that Clemente Rebecchini is a manager of Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A., a significant shareholder of Generali and who is also a dealer to the Programme. See also 
“Board of Directors” above for the other directors who are considered to be non-independent. 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
Pursuant to Italian law, Assicurazioni Generali maintains a Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio Sindacale), 
whose members must meet the requirements of professionalism, respectability and independence laid down by the 
applicable legislation and must also be registered in the register of auditors. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors consists of three permanent and two alternate auditors, who may be re-elected. 
Once elected, auditors shall forfeit their assignment should situations of incompatibility arise, as envisaged by the 
law, and should they hold the office of permanent auditor in more than five Italian firms listed on the Italian 
regulated markets. At least one third of permanent and alternate auditors are chosen from among candidates 
complying with the professional and competence requirements established for the office of chair of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors.

--- Page 321 ---
A47398444 
321 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors in charge (whose members were elected pursuant to the list of candidates 
submitted by shareholders in accordance with the provisions set out in article 37 of the by-laws of Assicurazioni 
Generali) was appointed at the General Meeting of Assicurazioni Generali held on 30 April 2020 for a term 
expiring on approval of the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022. The Board of Statutory 
Auditors is currently made up of the following members:  
Name 
Office held 
Carolyn Alice Dittmeier
Chair
Lorenzo Pozza
Permanent Auditor
Antonia Di Bella
Permanent Auditor
Silvia Olivotto
Alternate Auditor
Tazio Pavanel
Alternate Auditor
 
The business address of the Statutory Auditors is Piazza Duca degli Abruzzi 2, 34132 Trieste, Italy. 
Independent Auditors 
The Ordinary General Meeting of Assicurazioni Generali held on 7 May 2019 appointed KPMG S.p.A. to audit the 
annual non-consolidated and consolidated financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali for the 2021 – 2029 
financial years and to review the interim consolidated financial statements at June 30 of each of such years. 
KPMG S.p.A. is authorised and regulated by the Italian ministry of Economy and Finance (“MEF”) and is 
registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2021 the Generali Group’s consolidated companies had 74,621 employees compared to 72,644 
as at 31 December 2020 and 71,936 as at 31 December 2019. 
Assicurazioni Generali shares and shareholders  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of Assicurazioni Generali totalled Euro 1,586,593,803 
divided into an equal number of ordinary shares. Assicurazioni Generali has not issued any participation 
certificates or profit-sharing certificates.  
As at 16 May 2022, on the basis of information available to the Issuer, the principal shareholders of Assicurazioni 
Generali with a holding in excess of 3% were Mediobanca Group (Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. is one of the Dealers of the Programme, holding, directly and indirectly, 12.78%), Caltagirone Group 
(holding indirectly 9.95%), Del Vecchio Group (holding, indirectly 9.82%) and Benetton Group (holding directly 
and indirectly 4.75%). 
Cash Dividend 
Dividend per share of Assicurazioni Generali amounted to Euro 0.50 in 2019 (representing the first tranche of the 
Euro 0.96 per share dividend originally proposed for 2019), Euro 0.90 in 2018, Euro 0.85 in 2017, Euro 0.80 in 
2016 and Euro 0.72 in 2015. The payment of a dividend for each share of Euro 1.47 for the 2020 financial year has 
been approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 29 April 2021. The 2020 dividend was 
divided in two tranches of Euro 1.01 (representing the ordinary pay-out from 2020 earnings) and Euro 0.46 
(relating to the second part of the 2019 retained dividend, which was paid following approval by the Board of 
Directors on 1 October 2021), respectively. A dividend per share of €1.07 for 2021 was approved at the 
shareholders meeting of 29 April 2022. 
Shareholders’ funds

--- Page 322 ---
A47398444 
322 
 
As at 31 December 2021, Assicurazioni Generali’s shareholders’ equity attributable to the Group amounted to Euro 
29,308 million (compared to Euro 30,029 million as at 31 December 2020). Shareholders’ equity attributable to 
minority interests totalled Euro 2,568 million for 2021 (Euro 1,765 million for 2020).  
Changes to Assicurazioni Generali’s interest in shareholders’ funds are reported in the notes to the consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021. See “Information incorporated by reference”. 
 
Litigation pending 
Within the scope of their business activities, the companies of the Generali Group are involved in litigation, 
arbitration or administrative proceedings in Italy and abroad both as plaintiffs or petitioners, and as defendants or 
respondents. With regard to Assicurazioni Generali, see further the paragraph headed “Litigation” in the 
Management Report on the non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Where required by the applicable accounting principles, specific provisions have been made as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 to cover the related potential liabilities. Based on the information currently 
available and taking into consideration the aforementioned provision, Assicurazioni Generali does not foresee that 
the outcome of these pending or threatened proceedings are likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a 
material effect on the results of operations or financial position of Assicurazioni Generali or on the Generali Group 
as a whole. 
Recent developments  
Completion of acquisition of AXA Greece  
On 31 May 2021, Assicurazioni Generali announced the completion of the acquisition of AXA Greece, following 
receipt of all necessary approvals from the relevant regulatory bodies and competition authorities. As a result of the 
completion of the acquisition, Generali also entered into an exclusive 20-year distribution agreement with Alpha 
Bank.  This exclusive long-term partnership with Alpha Bank aims to allow Generali’s comprehensive product 
offerings to reach customers in Greece through the network of the bank’s branches in addition to Generali’s own 
extensive distribution network. 
Voluntary tender offer on Cattolica  
On 31 May 2021, the Board of Directors of Assicurazioni Generali approved the launch of a cash voluntary public 
tender offer (the “Offer”) on no. 174,293,926 ordinary shares of Società Cattolica di Assicurazione S.p.A. 
(“Cattolica”), being all of the shares issued by Cattolica as of such date, including the treasury shares held by 
Cattolica and reduced by no. 54,054,054 shares already owned by Generali as of such date, as announced by the 
notice published by Generali pursuant to article 102, paragraph 1 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 
(the “Italian Consolidated Financial Act”) and pursuant to article 37 of the Regulation adopted by CONSOB with 
resolution no. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Notice”).  
The Offer was subject to prior authorisations required by applicable law (the “Prior Authorisations”, including 
authorisation by IVASS for the acquisition of a controlling participation in Cattolica), as well as the satisfaction of 
a number of conditions precedent, including (inter alia) approval by CONSOB of the offer document submitted by 
Generali on 18 June 2021 pursuant to Article 102, paragraph 3, of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act (the 
“Offer Document”), unconditional approval to the acquisition by the competent antitrust authorities and the 
holding by Generali of a shareholding equal to at least 66.67% of Cattolica (however Generali reserved the right to 
partially waive this condition, provided that the participation that Generali would hold upon completion of the 
Offer would be in any case at least equal to 50% of Cattolica’s voting capital plus one share), all as set out in the 
Notice and the Offer Document published by Generali after its approval by CONSOB, following obtainment of the 
Prior Authorisations, pursuant to Article 102, paragraph 4 of the Italian Consolidated Financial Act.

--- Page 323 ---
A47398444 
323 
 
On 17 September 2021, Generali announced that it had received the authorization from IVASS for the acquisition 
of a controlling interest in Cattolica pursuant to the Offer, in accordance with Articles 68 and following of the 
Italian Code of Private Insurance and, accordingly, in the insurance companies controlled by Cattolica or in which 
Cattolica has a qualified interest. In addition, prior authorization from Commissariat aux Assurances for the 
acquisition of the indirect control in CATTRE S.A. and the prior authorization from Central Bank of Ireland for the 
acquisition of the indirect control in Vera Financial Dac were also obtained, while authorisation from European 
Commission for the acquisition of a controlling interest in Cattolica was received on 21 October 2021.  
Following approval of the Offer Document by CONSOB on 22 September 2021, the acceptance period of the Offer 
commenced on 4 October 2021 and terminated on 29 October 2021. On 3 November 2021, Generali announced the 
satisfaction of all conditions precedent and completion of the Offer, pursuant to which Generali purchased 
138,842,677 shares of Cattolica tendered in the Offer at a consideration per share of €6.75 (cum dividend). 
Settlement took place on 5 November 2021 and taking into account the 54,054,054 Cattolica shares already owned 
by Generali, Generali held, following settlement of the Offer, a total of 192,896,731 Cattolica shares (or 84.475% 
of its share capital).  
The Offer was promoted by Generali with the aim of consolidating its position in the Italian insurance market 
consistently with the guidelines of the Generali 2021 Strategic Plan: “Leveraging strengths to accelerate growth.”, 
with the objective of enabling Generali to become a leading group in the P&C insurance market and to strengthen 
its presence in the life insurance market. Management believes that the transaction will serve to enhance the 
Cattolica brand and to expand the Group’s agency network, as well as to strengthen the ability to offer innovative 
products with a high quality of service through the combination of the assets, skills and excellence of Generali and 
Cattolica. The transaction will enable Generali to achieve further up-selling and cross-selling potential on 
Cattolica’s customers, considering the more comprehensive range of products and services offered by Generali, and 
will offer inorganic profitable growth opportunities in the property, health as well as agricultural and third sector 
segments, thanks to the distinctive skills and expertise of Cattolica in these segments. Management believes that 
the transaction has limited risk of integration execution – in view of the strategic partnership already in place with 
Cattolica and the proven track record of the Generali Group in the management of industrial integrations – and 
aims to generate significant value creation in the medium and long term, taking into account the synergies 
achievable through the transaction.  
Acquisitions in Malaysia  
On 22 June 2021, Generali signed an agreement to acquire a majority stake in the AXA Affin joint ventures 
(approximately 53% of AXA Affin General Insurance Berhad and AXA Affin Life Insurance Berhad). The Group 
has also submitted an application to the local regulator in order to acquire the remaining shares of MPI Generali 
Insurans Berhad (“MPI Generali”) currently held by Multi-Purpose Capital Holdings Berhad (“MPHB Capital”, 
Generali’s Malaysian joint venture partner). The transactions are subject to approval of the Malaysian Minister of 
Finance and the Central Bank of Malaysia. 
The total consideration for the combined transactions is RM 1,290 million (or €262 million at an exchange rate as 
of 18 June 2021 of €1 = RM 4.9328, source: Bloomberg), subject to closing adjustments. The estimated impact on 
the Group’s regulatory solvency ratio is approximately -3.5 p.p.  
As a result of the transactions, Generali will operate in Malaysia through two companies, one in the P&C segment 
and the other in the Life segment. In the P&C segment, Generali plans to merge the businesses of MPI Generali 
with AXA Affin General Insurance. Once the transactions are completed, Generali will hold 70% in both the Life 
and P&C entities, which will trade under the Generali name. Affin Bank will hold the remaining 30%. 
Through the acquisitions, management aims to position Generali as one of the leading insurers in the Malaysian 
market as well as to increase its P&C market share and to enter the country’s life insurance segment. Generali will 
commence the necessary integration planning to develop an organisation that leverages the skills, experience and 
expertise of all the staff of the combined business and as part of the transaction, will enter into an exclusive 
bancassurance agreement with Affin Bank for the sale of conventional P&C and Life insurance products. The 
expected completion date of the acquisitions is the second quarter of 2022.

--- Page 324 ---
A47398444 
324 
 
Issuance of sustainability bond 
On 30 June 2021, Generali issued the €500,000,000 1.713 per cent. Tier 2 Notes due 30 June 2032 in the form of a 
sustainability bond in accordance with its Sustainability Bond Framework, confirming Generali’s leading position 
on sustainability matters. The notes were placed with institutional investors. 
Conclusion of catastrophe bond  
On 25 June 2021, Generali announced that it has entered into a collateralised multi-year reinsurance agreement 
with Lion III Re DAC, an Irish designated activity company, providing cover in respect of the Generali Group 
losses from windstorms in Europe and earthquakes in Italy over a four-year period. Lion III Re DAC has issued a 
single tranche of notes in an amount of €200 million to fund its obligations under the reinsurance agreements 
which were placed with capital markets investors. The notes represent the first catastrophe bond embedding green 
features in accordance with the Generali Green ILS Framework, underlining once more the commitment of the 
Group in promoting green finance solutions. 
Generali updates its strategy on climate protection  
The Group’s new strategy on climate change was shared with the Board of Directors of Assicurazioni Generali in 
June 2021. The strategy, which updates and extends the Group’s existing plan approved in February 2018, pledges 
significant action related to investment and underwriting activities, the Group’s core businesses, committing to a 
low climate impact future. The new goals include significant new green and sustainable investments; the definition 
of a roadmap for the complete exclusion of investments and underwriting activities in the thermal coal sector in 
OECD countries and in the rest of the world; the gradual decarbonisation of the direct investment portfolio to 
become carbon neutral and the decarbonisation of Group operations leading Generali to become climate negative 
over time. 
2022-24 Strategic Plan 
The Board of Directors of Assicurazioni Generali approved, at a board meeting held on 15 December 2021, the 
Group’s new three-year strategy: Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth. See further paragraph headed “Strategy and 
business developments” above.  
Early redemption of legacy Tier 1 notes 
On 22 December 2021, the Issuer exercised its early redemption option to redeem all outstanding £495,000,000 
6.416% Perpetual Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (XS0283627908) issued by Assicurazioni Generali on 8 February 
2007. Early redemption of these legacy Tier 1 notes in a principal amount outstanding of £167,150,000 – which 
was approved by IVASS – took place on the reset date on 8 February 2022, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of such notes.   
Appointment of the new Board 
The current Board of Directors has been appointed by the shareholders at the annual general meeting on 29 April 
2022, according to the slate voting system (voto di lista) set out in Generali’s By-Laws. See further the paragraph 
entitled “Board of Directors” above. 
Generali to become majority shareholder in Indian insurance joint ventures 
On 27 January 2022, Generali announced that it has signed agreements to become the majority shareholder in both 
its life and P&C joint ventures in India, Future Generali India Life Insurance Company Limited (“FGIL”) and 
Future Generali India Insurance Company Limited (“FGII”).  
In the P&C business, Generali agreed to acquire from Future Enterprises Limited 25% of the shares of FGII, 
subject to approval by the relevant regulators. On 6 May 2022, Generali announced completion of this acquisition 
after having received the approval from the relevant regulatory and competition authorities and accordingly, 
Generali now holds a stake of around 74% in FGII.

--- Page 325 ---
A47398444 
325 
 
In the life business, Generali announced on 30 march 2022 that it completed the acquisition of the entire stake 
(around 16%) held by Industrial Investment Trust Limited (“IITL”) in FGIL and the subscription of additional 
shares in FGIL, following receipt of all necessary approvals from the relevant regulatory and competition 
authorities, bringing Generali’s participation in FGIL to 68%, which may increase further to 71% by the end of 
2022 following subscription of additional shares by Generali.  
The transactions are fully in line with the ‘Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth’ strategy, strengthening Generali’s 
position in fast-growing markets and confirms the Group’s commitment to deliver profitable growth whilst 
creating value for customers, consistent with Generali’s Lifetime Partner ambition. Following the completion of all 
the components of the transaction, the total estimated impact on the Group’s regulatory solvency ratio is expected 
to be approximately -4 p.p. in 2022. 
Agreement for the acquisition of La Médicale 
On 1 February 2022, Generali announced that it has signed an agreement for the acquisition of La Médicale, an 
insurance company for healthcare professionals, following the exclusive negotiation with Crédit Agricole 
Assicurances announced in November 2021 and the consultation of the dedicated workers’ councils. The 
transaction also provides for the sale of the death coverage portfolio of Predica S.A. (a life insurance company, 
fully owned by Crédit Agricole Assurances) marketed and managed by La Médicale, to Generali France. The 
transaction is fully in line with the Lifetime Partner 24: Driving Growth strategy and confirms the Group’s 
commitment to deliver profitable growth whilst creating value for customers, consistent with Generali’s Lifetime 
Partner ambition. Generali’s health and protection lines and the overall P&C business in France will be 
strengthened from both a strategic and commercial perspective. The total amount of the transaction is €435 million, 
subject to adjustments at closing. The transaction is expected to close within 2022 and remains subject to the 
authorisation of the relevant antitrust and regulatory authorities. 
Generali’s exposure to Russia 
On 3 March 2022, Generali published a press release announcing the steps that it has taken relating to its exposure 
to Russia since the start of the war in Ukraine. See further risk factor headed “Risks associated with the Group’s 
exposure to Russia” in the “Risk Factors – Risk Factors relating to the Issuer” section. 
2022 shareholders’ meeting 
Assicurazioni Generali’s annual general meeting of shareholders held on 29 April 2022 (the “AGM”) approved the 
financial statements for the year 2021, as disclosed to the public, which closed with a net result of € 1,847 million, 
and announced the distribution to the shareholders of a dividend of € 1.07 per share, to be paid as from 25 May 
2022. Shares will trade ex-dividend as from 23 May 2022. 
The AGM also determined that the Board of Directors shall be comprised of 13 members, determined the directors’ 
remuneration and appointed the current Board for a term expiring on approval of the financial statements for the 
year ending 31 December 2024 (see further “Board of Directors” above), ten of whom have been elected from the 
Majority List submitted by the outgoing board of directors that has obtained 55.9% of votes; and three of whom 
have been elected from the First Minority List that has obtained 41.73% of votes.  
The AGM furthermore approved: 
- 
the Share Buyback Programme for the purpose of cancelling own shares as part of the implementation of 
the 2022-24 strategic plan, for a maximum total disbursement of €500,000,000.00 and for a maximum 
number of shares corresponding to 3% of the Company's share capital. The aim of the own share buyback 
scheme is to make use of excess liquid funds accumulated during the 2019-2021 period and not used for 
the purpose of “capital redeployment” and to provide shareholders with remuneration in addition to the 
distribution of dividends. The buyback has been authorised for 18 months from the date of the AGM: the 
minimum purchase price of the shares may not be lower than the implicit nominal value of the shares at 
the time in force, while the maximum price may not exceed by 5% the reference price that the shares will

--- Page 326 ---
A47398444 
326 
 
have recorded in the stock exchange session of the day preceding the completion of each individual 
purchase transactio; 
 
- 
the Group's Long Term Incentive Plan (the “LTIP”) 2022-24, authorising the purchase and disposal of a 
maximum number of 10,500,000 treasury shares to serve the 2022-24 LTIP. The authorisation was issued 
for 18 months from the date of the AGM: the minimum purchase price of the shares may not be lower 
than the nominal value of the shares at the time in force, while the maximum price may not exceed by 5% 
the reference price that the shares will have recorded in the stock exchange session of the day before the 
completion of each individual purchase transaction.  
 
- 
the Share Plan for Generali Group employees (the “Plan”), with the aim of promoting the achievement of 
strategic objectives, a culture of ownership and empowerment and the participation of employees to the 
Group’s sustainable value creation. The Plan provides for the opportunity to purchase Assicurazioni 
Generali shares at favourable conditions, offering, in case of share price appreciation, free shares in 
proportion to the share purchased and to the dividends distributed. The Plan, that is expected to be 
launched in October 2022 and will last 3 years, is offered to Group employees with the exclusion of the 
Group Management Committee (GMC) and the Global Leadership Group (GLG) members. The Board of 
Directors of Assicurazioni Generali will identify the specific categories of employees who may be 
beneficiaries and the countries where it is possible to launch the Plan. The AGM also authorised the 
purchase and disposal of a maximum of 9 million of treasury shares, for a period of 18 months. The 
minimum purchase price of the shares may not be lower than the nominal value of the shares at the time 
in force, while the maximum price may not exceed by 5% of the reference price that the stock will have 
recorded in the stock exchange session of the day before the completion of each single purchase 
transaction.  
 
Generali and its subsidiaries currently own 6,599,872 treasury shares, equal to 0.413% of the Company’s 
share capital. 
 
- 
proposals relating to the amendment of art. 9.1 of the Articles of Association. This amendment, which is 
subject to prior approval by IVASS, concerns the elements of the shareholders' equity of the Life and 
P&C management, pursuant to art. 5 of ISVAP Regulation 11 March 2008, n. 17; and  
 
- 
the Report on remuneration policy, and expressed a favourable consultative vote on the Report on 
remuneration payments.  
Termination of employment of former Austria & CEE regional officer 
On 28 March 2022, Generali announced that the Board of Directors of Generali has taken the decision to terminate 
the employment of Mr Luciano Cirinà with immediate effect. Mr Cirinà was suspended from his role as the Austria 
& CEE Regional Officer of Generali on 23 March 2022. The decision has been taken due to violations of his duty 
of loyalty and material breach of other personal obligations under his contract of employment.

--- Page 327 ---
A47398444 
327 
 
Establishment of Board Committees and appointment of members 
The Board of Directors of Assicurazioni Generali resolved, at a meeting held on 12 May 2022, to establish the 
following Board Committees and appointed their members: 
 
Risk & Control Committee: chair Luisa Torchia; members: Umberto Malesci, Clemente Rebecchini; 
 
Remuneration Committee: chair Diva Moriani; members: Alessia Falsarone, Clara Furse, Lorenzo 
Pellicioli; 
 
Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee: chair Andrea Sironi; members: Clara Furse, Diva 
Moriani, Luisa Torchia; 
 
Related Parties Transactions Committee: chair Antonella Mei-Pochtler; members: Diva Moriani, Luisa 
Torchia; 
 
Innovation and Sustainability Committee: chair Umberto Malesci; members: Alessia Falsarone, Antonella 
Mei-Pochtler. 
The Investment Committee has not been established. At the same meeting, the directors Marina Brogi, Francesco 
Gaetano Caltagirone and Flavio Cattaneo  have renounced to be part of the Board Committees at this time and have 
requested the establishment of a Board Committee for the prior assessment of strategic transactions which, in a 
proposal under consideration, would have been under the oversight of the entire Board of Directors. The Board of 
Directors has instructed the Appointments and Governance Committee to prepare a proposal in light of the request, 
considering market best practice. 
Approval of the 2022 1Q results  
On 18 May 2022, the Board of Directors of Assicurazioni Generali approved the consolidated results and financial 
information of the Group as at and for the three months ended 31 March 2022. See further the press release dated 
19 May 2021 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus under the Section “Information Incorporated by 
Reference”.  
Purchase of ordinary shares of Cattolica through reverse accelerated book-building 
On 24 May 2022, Generali announced that it has completed the purchase of no. 15,604,182 ordinary shares of 
Cattolica (equal to approximately 6.834% of Cattolica’s share capital), through a reverse accelerated book-building 
procedure addressed exclusively to qualified investors and foreign institutional investors that was launched on the 
preceding day. See further press releases dated 24 May 2022 and 23 May 2022 incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Regulatory capital adequacy 
The following tables sets forth the eligible own funds and required capital requirements of the Group as of 31 
December 2020 and 2021.  
 
As of 31 December 
Regulatory SCR coverage 
2020(1) 
2021(2) 
Eligible own funds to meet SCR (Euros in millions)
44,428
50,624 (3)
Solvency capital requirement (Euros in millions)
19,850
22,288
Regulatory Solvency Ratio  (%)
224
227 (3)
___________ 
(1) Official figures.  
(2) Valuation based on last available information. Official figures will be released in Group SFCR (Solvency and Financial Condition Report) 
on or about 19 May 2022.  
(3) Does not reflect the effect of the €500 million share buyback that has been announced to the investors on 15 December 2021. 
 
 
As of 31 December 
Regulatory MCR coverage 
2020 (1) 
2021 (2) 
Eligible own funds to meet MCR (Euros in millions)
40,229
45,914 (3)

--- Page 328 ---
A47398444 
328 
 
Minimum capital requirement (Euros in millions)
16,569
18,069
Solvency Ratio (%)
243
254 (3)
___________ 
(1) Official figures. 
(2) Valuation based on last available information. Official figures will be released in Group SFCR (Solvency and Financial Condition Report) 
on or about 19 May 2022. 
(3) Does not reflect the effect of the €500 million share buyback that has been announced to the investors on 15 December 2021. 
 
 
The Group uses its Partial Internal Model (“PIM”) which has been approved by IVASS to calculate capital 
requirements to better reflect its risk profile. The Group IM authorisation was granted for all major business units, 
being Italy, Germany, France, Austria, Switzerland, Czech Republic and Spain, and at Group level, the Group’s 
PIM covers all quantifiable risks (main risks according to the Group risk map) of the Group. The Solvency Ratio is 
calculated with the IM for the Group legal entities for which authorisation has been granted, while other insurance 
entities adopt the standard formula. Other financial regulated entities contribute to the Group Solvency Ratio based 
on local sectorial regulatory requirements (mostly banks, pension funds and asset managers). See further the 
paragraph headed “Group Partial Internal Model (Group PIM)” in Part C (Solvency Position) of the Risk Report 
(pages 148-149) contained in the 2021 Annual Integrated Report, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 329 ---
A47398444 
329 
 
Sensitivity Analysis 
In addition to the calculation of the Solvency Capital Requirement, the Group regularly performs sensitivity 
analyses of the variability of its Solvency Ratio to changes in specific risk factors. The aim of these analyses is to 
assess the resilience of the Group capital position to the main risk drivers and evaluate the impact of a wider range 
of shocks. See further the paragraph headed “Sensitivity Analysis” in Part C (Solvency Position) of the Risk Report 
(pages 148-149) contained in the 2021 Annual Integrated Report, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus.  
Financial indebtedness 
The following table sets forth the Group’s financial debt composition as of 31 December 2020 and 2021.  
_ 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2020(2) 
2021(3) 
Total financial debt (euros in millions) (1), of which:
9,692
10,660
- 
Subordinated liabilities (euros in millions) 
7,681
8,760
- 
Senior bonds (euros in millions) 
1,738
1,737
Other non-subordinated liabilities linked to financing activities
273
163
_____ 
(1) 
Book value of liabilities linked to financing activities. 
(2) 
Takes into account the redemption of a senior bond in January 2020 and a liability management transaction involving 
the buyback of €600 million of subordinated liabilities with call date of 2022 and the issuance of a new green bond for 
the same amount.  
(3) 
Takes into account the €500,000,000 1.713 per cent. Tier 2 Notes due 30 June 2032 issued on 30 June 2021 and the 
inclusion of liabilities linked to financing activities of the Cattolica group. Does not take into account the redemption, 
in February 2022, of the legacy tier 1 notes in a principal amount of £167,150,000. 
For completeness, following completion of Generali’s voluntary tender offer on Cattolica, financial indebtedness of 
Generali at group level consolidates also the financial debt of Cattolica, which includes subordinated Tier 2 
instruments debt of Cattolica in an aggregate principal amount outstanding of €725 million, with first call dates in 
2023 (€100 million), 2025 (€125 million) and 2027 (€500 million), respectively. This is reflected in the Group’s 
total financial debt as at 31 December 2021. 
Generali has a proactive approach to debt optimisation aimed at rebalancing the debt maturity profile while 
optimising its Solvency II position, in terms of capital quality. This approach has been implemented through the 
following transactions:  
- 
redemption in early 2019 of €750 million subordinated debt partially funded through the issuance of €500 
million subordinated debt, thus reducing Generali’s external financial debt by €250 million; 
- 
two liability management transactions launched in September 2019 and July 2020, in order to smoothen the 
2022 maturity peak resulting in a more balanced debt profile: the first transaction led to €250 deleveraging 
while the second transaction, through neutral in terms of outstanding debt, contributed to further reduce the 
refinancing risk; and 
- 
redemption in January 2020 of €1.25 billion senior debt with internal resources.  
In addition, Generali issued in June 2021 a €500 million Tier 2 subordinated instrument, and redeemed a legacy 
Tier 1 instrument with a principal amount outstanding of £167 million on the call date in February 2022.  
The Group’s maturity profile has been significantly reshaped due to these transactions, thus avoiding peaks in 
specific years and with a longer average duration. The Group furthermore confirms its focus and innovation on

--- Page 330 ---
A47398444 
330 
 
sustainability as well as its commitment towards the achievement of sustainability targets through the issuance of 
bonds under its sustainability bond framework. 
See further description of the relevant frameworks for the issuance of green, social and sustainability bonds and 
green insurance linked securities in the paragraph headed “The Generali 2021 Strategy – Capital Management and 
Financial Optimisation” of the Management Report in the 2021 Annual Integrated Report (pages 42-45) and the 
paragraph headed “Group’s Financial Position” of the Management Report contained in the 2021 Annual 
Integrated Report (pages 88-102), incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 331 ---
A47398444 
331 
 
OVERVIEW FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER 
Set out below is overview financial information of Assicurazioni Generali which is derived from the consolidated 
financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali, prepared in accordance with IFRS, as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020. Such consolidated financial statements, the accompanying notes and the independent 
auditors’ report, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The financial information below should be 
read in conjunction with such financial statements, notes and reports. See also “Information incorporated by 
reference”.  
Consolidated Balance Sheet of Assicurazioni Generali  
 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2021 
 
2020
 
 
 
(millions of Euros)
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 
9,970 
9,612
Goodwill
7,607
7,537
Other intangible assets
2,363
2,075
TANGIBLE ASSETS 
3,990 
3,804
Land and buildings (self used) 
2,965
2,764
Other tangible assets
1,025
1,040
AMOUNTS CEDED TO REINSURERS FROM INSURANCE PROVISIONS
6,646 
5,107
INVESTMENTS 
527,904 
492,522
Land and buildings (investment properties) 
16,867
15,124
Investments in subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures
2,353
2,107
Held to maturity investments
1,687
1,983
Loans and receivables
31,420
30,856
Available for sale financial assets
348,572
337,005
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
127,006
105,447
of which financial assets where the investment risk is borne by the policyholders 
and related to pension funds
107,243
84,914
RECEIVABLES 
13,912 
12,101
Receivables arising out of direct insurance operations
7,686
7,524
Receivables arising out of reinsurance operations
1,999
1,905
Other receivables
4,228
2,672
OTHER ASSETS 
15,326 
13,664
Non-current assets or disposal groups classified as held for sale
0
0
Deferred acquisition costs
2,198
2,117
Deferred tax assets
3,633
2,785
Tax receivables
3,747
3,291
Other assets
5,748
5,471
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
8,476 
 
7,900
TOTAL ASSETS 
 
586,225 
 
544,710

--- Page 332 ---
A47398444 
332 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet of Assicurazioni Generali (cont.) 
 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2021
2020
 
 
 
(millions of Euros)
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
31,875
31,794
Shareholders’ equity attributable to the Group 
29,308
30,029
Share capital
1,581
1,576
Other equity instruments
0
0
Capital reserves
7,107
7,107
Revenue reserves and other reserves
12,292
12,848
(Own shares) 
-82
-80
Reserve for currency translation differences
-93
-549
Reserve for unrealized gains and losses on available for sale financial assets
6,841
8,764
Reserve for other unrealized gains and losses through equity
-1,185
-1,379
Result of the period
2,847
1,744
Shareholders’ equity attributable to minority interests 
 
2,568
1,765
Share capital and reserves
1,933
1,295
Reserve for unrealized gains and losses through equity
286
181
Result of the period
348
289
OTHER PROVISIONS 
2,424
1,772
INSURANCE PROVISIONS 
479,449
442,330
of which insurance provisions for policies where the investment risk is borne by the 
policyholders and related to pension funds                                                                   
102,481
80,370
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
47,713
44,068
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
9,317
7,198
of which financial liabilities where the investment risk is borne by the 
policyholders and related to pension funds
 
6,038
5,281
Other financial liabilities
38,396
36,871
of which subordinated liabilities
8,760
7,681
PAYABLES 
13,250
13,184
Payables arising out of direct insurance operations
5,502
5,080
Payables arising out of reinsurance operations
1,460
1,254
Other payables
6,288
6,851
OTHER LIABILITIES 
 
11,512
11,561
Liabilities directly associated with non-current assets and disposal groups classified 
as held for sale
 
0
0
Deferred tax liabilities
3,815
3,871
Tax payables
2,134
1,768
Other liabilities
5,564
5,921
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
586,225
544,710

--- Page 333 ---
A47398444 
333 
 
Consolidated Income Statement of Assicurazioni Generali  
 
For the years ended 
31 December 
 
 
2021
2020
 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Net earned premiums
70,684
64,468
Gross earned premiums
73,985
67,393
Earned premiums ceded
-3,301
-2,926
Fee and commission income and income from financial service activities
1,953
1,504
Net income from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
8,834
1,778
of which net income from financial instruments where the investment risk is 
borne by the policyholders and related to pension funds
9,222
1,614
Income from subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures
245
143
Income from other financial instruments and land and buildings (investment 
properties) 
13,164
13,679
Interest income
7,449
7,713
Other income
3,221
2,458
Realized gains
2,409
3,378
Unrealized gains and reversal of impairment losses
86
129
Other income
4,209
3,670
TOTAL INCOME 
 
99,088
85,242
Net insurance benefits and claims
-72,971
-60,011
Claims paid and change in insurance provisions
-75,779
-62,056
Reinsurers’ share
2,808
2,045
Fee and commission expenses and expenses from financial service activities
-784
-677
Expenses from subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures
-10
-102
Expenses from other financial instruments and land and buildings (investment 
properties) 
-2,203
-3,887
Interest expense
-736
-837
Other expenses
-455
-411
Realized losses
-476
-1,458
Unrealized losses and impairment losses
-536
-1,181
Acquisition and administration costs
-12,658
-11,643
Commissions and other acquisition costs
-9,520
-8,734
Investment management expenses
-304
-167
Other administration costs
-2,835
-2,742
Other expenses
-5,883
-5,534
TOTAL EXPENSES 
-94,509
-81,852
EARNINGS BEFORE TAXES 
4,580
3,390
Income taxes
-1,384
-1,175
EARNINGS AFTER TAXES 
3,195
2,215
RESULT OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
0
-183
CONSOLIDATED RESULT OF THE PERIOD 
3,195
2,032
Result of the period attributable to the Group
2,847
1,744
Result of the period attributable to minority interests
348
289
EARNINGS PER SHARE:
Earnings per share (in Euros)  
1.81
1.11
from continuing operation
1.81
1.23
Diluted earnings per share (in Euros) 
1.78
1.09
from continuing operation
1.78
1.21

--- Page 334 ---
A47398444 
334 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general overview of certain tax consequences in Italy and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations that may be relevant to the decision to purchase, own or dispose of Notes and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of prospective beneficial owners of Notes, some 
of which may be subject to special rules. This overview is based upon tax laws and/or practice in force as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such 
date, which could be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this overview to reflect changes 
in law and, if any such change occurs, the information in this overview could be superseded. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the overall tax consequences of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts 
under the Notes, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. In particular, the 
Issuer does not have knowledge of certain information that is pertinent to the imposition of withholding taxes 
on payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons and, where taxes are to be withheld or deducted, the 
Noteholders and Couponholders’ entitlement (if any) to receive additional amounts under Condition 10 
(Taxation) of the Senior Conditions and Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 
Conditions. Noteholders should, in all instances, consult their own tax advisers or financial intermediaries as 
to whether payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons received by them are subject to withholding tax, 
and/or whether they are entitled to any additional amounts referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation) of the 
Senior Conditions and Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Tier 2 Conditions and the Tier 3 Conditions. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should not apply any of the information below to other areas including (but 
not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
ITALY  
Interest 
Interest and other proceeds – Notes that qualify as bonds (“obbligazioni”) or debentures similar to bonds 
(“titoli similari alle obbligazioni”) or as financial instruments that are relevant for regulatory capital 
adequacy piurposes 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree No. 239”), as subsequently amended and 
restated, interest and other proceeds (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue 
price) (“Interest”) in respect of notes that qualify as “bonds” (“obbligazioni”) or “debentures similar to 
bonds” (“titoli similari alle obbligazioni”) for Italian tax purposes and that are issued, inter alia, by Italian tax 
resident companies whose shares are traded on a European regulated market may be subject to an Italian 
substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) depending on, among others, the legal status of the beneficial owner of 
such Interest and other proceeds.  
Pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, letter (c) of Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (“Decree No. 917”), 
Notes qualify as “bonds” or “debentures similar to bonds” for Italian tax purposes if they (i) incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not less than their nominal amount, (ii) 
do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the relevant issuer or the 
business in relation to which they are issued nor any type of control on such management, and (iii) do not 
provide for a remuneration which is linked to profits.  
Pursuant to Article 2(22) of Law Decree 13 August 2011 No. 138, converted into Law 14 September 2011 No. 
148, the tax regime set out by Decree No. 239 is applicable to the Interest due under financial instruments that 
are relevant, according to the EU and Italian domestic provisions, for regulatory capital adequacy purposes,

--- Page 335 ---
A47398444 
335 
 
issued by Italian tax resident entities supervised by the Italian insurance agency IVASS, other than shares or 
securities assimilated to shares. 
Italian tax resident Noteholders  
Interest on the Notes (either when the Interest is paid by the Issuer, or when payment thereof is obtained by 
the Noteholder on a sale of the relevant Notes) is subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (“imposta 
sostitutiva”) if the recipient is included among the following categories of Italian tax residents: (i) individuals 
not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) non-commercial partnerships, 
(iii) non-commercial private or public institutions or (iv) entities that are exempt from Italian corporate 
income taxation. In the event that the Noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax 
and it may be credited against the overall corporate income tax due by the taxpayer in respect of the income 
derived from its business activity which will include the Interest. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any 
income tax, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes if 
the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings plan (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2017”), Article 1 (211-215) of Law No. 145 of 
30 December 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2019”), or Article 13-bis 
of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019, converted into Law No. 157 of 19 December 2019, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented (the “Fiscal Decree Linked to Finance Act 2020”), Article 136 of 
Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, converted into Law No. 77 of 17 July 2020, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented (the “Decree No. 34”), Article 1 (219-225) of Law No. 178 of 30 December 2020, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2021”), Article 1 (26-27) Law No. 234 of 2021, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2022”). 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is levied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(“SIMs”), fiduciary companies, SGRs, stockbrokers, and other entities identified by a Decree of the Ministry 
of Finance, as subsequently amended (the “Intermediaries”). In order to be entitled to apply the imposta 
sostitutiva, the Intermediaries must: 
A. be: (a) tax resident in Italy; or (b) non-Italian tax resident with a permanent establishment in Italy; or (c) 
an entity or a company not resident in Italy, which is a member of a system of centralised administration 
of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance 
(which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes 
of Decree No. 239; and 
B. intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Notes. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the substitute tax is applied and withheld by any 
entity paying Interest to the Noteholder, or absent that, by the Issuer. If Interest on the Notes is not collected 
through an Intermediary, or absent that, by the Issuer, the Italian resident Noteholders listed above under (i) to 
(iv) will be required to include Interest in their annual income tax return and subject them to a final substitute 
tax at a rate of 26%. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva does not apply where the Notes are held in a discretionary investment 
portfolio managed by an Italian authorised financial intermediary and the beneficial owner thereof, where 
possible, has opted to be taxed at a flat rate of 26 per cent. on the year-end increase in value of the investment 
portfolio accrued, even if not realised (which increase in value includes any Interest accrued on the Notes),

--- Page 336 ---
A47398444 
336 
 
pursuant to the so-called “portfolio management tax regime” (regime del risparmio gestito) provided for by 
Article 7 of Legislative Decree 21 November 1997, No. 461 (“Decree 461/1997”). 
The imposta sostitutiva does not apply also to the following Italian resident persons, to the extent that the 
Notes and the relevant coupons are deposited in a timely manner, directly or indirectly, with an Intermediary: 
 
(A) Corporate investors 
where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected), Interest accrued on 
the Notes must be included in: (I) the relevant Noteholder’s yearly taxable income for the purposes of 
corporate income tax (“IRES”), generally applying at the current ordinary rate of 24% (certain categories of 
taxpayers, including banks and financial entities are subject to an IRES surcharge equal to 3.5%); and (II) in 
certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also in its net value of production for the 
purposes of regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”), generally applying at the rate of 3.9% (certain 
categories of taxpayers, including banks, financial entities and insurance companies, are subject to higher 
IRAP rates). The IRAP rate can be increased by regional laws up to 0.92%. Said Interest is therefore subject 
to general Italian corporate taxation according to the ordinary rules; 
(B) Investment funds 
Interest accrued on the Notes held by Italian open-ended or closed-ended investment funds (“Investment 
Funds”), by società di investimento a capitale variabile (“SICAV”) or by società di investimento a capitale 
fisso not exclusively or primarily investing in real estate (“SICAF”) is neither subject to such imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Investment Funds, SICAV or SICAF. A withholding 
tax of 26 per cent. will be levied on proceeds distributed by the Investment Funds, the SICAV, the SICAF or 
received by certain categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units; 
(C) Pension funds 
Interest accrued on the Notes held by Italian pension funds subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 (“Pension Funds”) is included in the aggregate income of 
the pension funds which is subject to a substitute tax at the rate of 20 per cent. Subject to certain conditions 
(including a minimum holding period) and limitations, Interest accrued on the Notes may be excluded from 
the taxable base of the Pension Funds if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings plan (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the 
Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked 
to the Finance Act 2020, Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, 
Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022; 
(D) Real estate investment funds 
under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (“Decree No. 351”), Interest on the Notes held by Italian 
resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 (“Real 
Estate Fund”) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of a Real 
Estate Fund. A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of up to 26 per cent. on 
distributions made by the Real Estate Funds and, in certain cases a tax transparency regime may apply in 
respect of certain categories of investors in the Real Estate Funds owning more than 5 per cent. of the fund’s 
units. Pursuant to Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, the same regime applicable to Real 
Estate Funds applies also to società di investimento a capitale fisso ruled by Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24

--- Page 337 ---
A47398444 
337 
 
February 1998 exclusively or primarily investing in real estate in the measures provided under the applicable 
implementing regulations (“Real Estate SICAF”). 
Non-Italian tax resident Noteholders 
Non-resident holders, without a permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, are not subject to such 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva according to Article 6, paragraph 
1, Decree No. 239, provided that they are: (i) beneficial owners resident for tax purposes in a State which 
allows an adequate exchange of information with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 
September 1996 (“White List”), as amended from time to time; or (ii) institutional investors (regardless of 
whether subject to tax or not) established in any such a State; or, (iii) supranational entities set up in 
accordance with an international treaty executed by Italy; or (iv) central banks or other authorities engaged in 
the management of the official reserves (of a foreign State) (together referred to as “Qualified Noteholders”). 
The exemption procedure for Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy and are resident in a White List 
country identifies two categories of intermediaries: 
(a) 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or financial 
institution to be EU tax resident) (the “First Level Bank”), acting as intermediary in the deposit of the 
Notes held, directly or indirectly, by the Noteholder with a Second Level Bank (as defined below); and 
(b) 
an Italian tax resident bank or SIM, or an Italian permanent establishment of a non-resident bank or 
brokerage company, acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the Notes, which is electronically 
connected with the Italian Ministry of Finance (the “Second Level Bank”). Non-resident entities or 
companies which have an account with a centralised clearance system which has a direct relationship 
with the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (such as Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) are 
treated as Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint an Italian representative (an Italian resident 
bank or SIM, or permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM, or a central 
depositary of financial instruments pursuant to Article 80 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998) for the purposes of the application of Decree No. 239. 
In the event that a non-Italian resident Noteholder deposits the Notes directly with a Second Level Bank, the 
latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank. 
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for the Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy is conditional 
upon: 
(a) 
the timely deposit of the Notes, either directly or indirectly, with an institution which qualifies as a 
Second Level Bank; and 
(b) 
the timely submission to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank of a self-declaration from the 
relevant Noteholder in which it declares that it is eligible for the exemption from the imposta 
sostitutiva. The self-declaration, which must be in conformity with the form approved with ministerial 
decree of 12 December 2001, is valid until it is revoked or withdrawn. However, such self-declaration 
is not required for non-Italian resident investors that are international bodies or entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements entered into force in the Republic of Italy or Central Banks 
or entities also authorised to manage the official reserves of a State. 
Non-resident holders are subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on Interest if any of the above 
conditions is not satisfied. Under certain conditions, Noteholders who are subject to the imposta sostitutiva 
might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic 
of Italy and the country of residence of the relevant holder, subject to certain compliance requirements.

--- Page 338 ---
A47398444 
338 
 
Interest and other proceeds – Notes that qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) nor in the category of shares (azioni) or 
securities similar to shares (titoli similari alle azioni) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate 
of 26 per cent. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect of 
Notes received by (i) Pension Funds and (ii) Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, 
premium and other income relating to "titoli atipici", if those Notes are included in a long-term individual 
savings plan (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 
(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of the he 
Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 (219-225) of the 
Finance Act 2021, Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022. In the case of Notes issued by an Italian-resident 
issuer, where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, (ii) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (iii) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected, (iv) an Italian 
commercial partnership or (v) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a 
provisional withholding tax. 
In all other cases, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the 26 
per cent. withholding tax rate may be reduced (generally to 10%) by any applicable double tax treaty or 
eliminated under certain applicable double tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to 
timely filing of the required documentation. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the relevant issuer issues a new Tranche 
forming part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue 
price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the 
issue date of the previous Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that 
of the original Tranche does not exceed 1 per cent. multiplied by the number of years of maturity of the Notes. 
Capital gains 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Pursuant to Decree 461/1997, a 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applicable on capital gains realised on the 
disposal of Notes by Noteholders included among the following categories of Italian residents: individuals 
holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, non-commercial partnerships, non-profit 
organisations, the Italian State and public entities or entities that are exempt from IRES. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and unpaid up to 
the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the purchase price and the sale price, 
respectively.

--- Page 339 ---
A47398444 
339 
 
In respect of the application of such substitute tax, Italian resident individuals not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected may opt for one of the three regimes described 
below.  
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta 
sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred 
capital loss, realised by the Italian resident individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate 
the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax 
return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. 
Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the 
four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders holding the Notes not 
in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital 
gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes under the so-called “non-discretionary investment 
portfolio regime” (regime del risparmio amministrato). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed 
subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries 
and (ii) an express election for the regime del risparmio amministrato being timely made in writing by the 
relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital 
gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the 
Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be 
credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the regime del 
risparmio amministrato, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be 
deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax 
year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the regime del risparmio amministrato, the 
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to 
an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so-called “discretionary investment portfolio regime” 
(regime del risparmio gestito) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by 
the managing authorised intermediary. Under the regime del risparmio gestito, any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the regime del risparmio gestito, the Noteholder is not 
required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains 
realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 
2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance 
Act 2020, Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, Article 1 (26-27) of 
the Finance Act 2022.

--- Page 340 ---
A47398444 
340 
 
The imposta sostitutiva does not apply to the following taxpayers: 
(A) Corporate investors 
Capital gains realised on the Notes by Italian resident corporate entities (including a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected) form part of their aggregate income 
subject to IRES. In certain cases, capital gains may also to be included in the taxable net value of production 
of such entities for IRAP purposes. The capital gains are calculated as the difference between the sale price 
and the relevant tax basis of the Notes. Upon fulfilment of certain conditions, the gains may be taxed in equal 
instalments over up to five fiscal years. 
(B) Investment Funds 
Capital gains realised on the Notes by Investment Funds, SICAVs and SICAFs are subject neither to CGT nor 
to any other income tax (see section named “Interest”, “Italian Resident Noteholders”, above). 
(C) Pension Funds 
Any capital gains realised through the transfer for consideration or redemption of the Notes by beneficial 
owners which are Pension Funds are included in the calculation of the management result of the fund, accrued 
in each year, subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax (see section named “Interest”, “Italian Resident 
Noteholders”, above). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, capital gains realised through the transfer for consideration or redemption of the Notes may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Funds if the Notes are included in a long-term individual 
savings plan (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 
1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of he 
Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 (219-225) of the 
Finance Act 2021, Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022. 
(D) Real Estate Investment Funds 
Capital gains on the Notes held by Real Estate Funds or Real Estate SICAFs to which the provisions of 
Decree No. 351, as subsequently amended, apply, will be subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other 
income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund or the Real Estate SICAF. A withholding tax may apply in 
certain circumstances at the rate of up to 26 per cent. on distributions made by the Real Estate Funds or Real 
Estate SICAFs and, in certain cases, a tax transparency regime may apply in respect of certain categories of 
investors in the Real Estate Funds or Real Estate SICAFs owning more than 5 per cent. of the fund’s units. 
Non-Italian tax resident Noteholders 
Capital gains from the sale or redemption of the Notes realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a 
permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected are in principle 
subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax. However, such gains are exempt from tax in Italy if: 
(a) 
the Notes are listed and traded on a regulated market; or 
(b) 
the Notes are not listed on a regulated market but the beneficial owner of the Notes qualifies as a 
Qualified Noteholder and is entitled to the exemption from the 26 per cent. substitute tax on Interest 
pursuant to Article 5 of Decree 461/1997; or 
(c) 
the Noteholder may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised 
upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient.

--- Page 341 ---
A47398444 
341 
 
Transfer Tax 
Pursuant to Article 11 of the Tariff (Part I) attached to Presidential Decree No. 131 of 26 April 1986 and 
Article 2 of the same Tariff (Part II), any acts, agreements and deeds regulating the transfer of Notes may be 
subject, in certain cases, to Italian registration tax consisting of a one-off payment of €200.00. 
Stamp duty 
The Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (“Decree No. 201”), converted into law with amendments by 
Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, has replaced paragraphs 2-bis and 2-ter and related notes (3-bis and 3-
ter) of Article 13, Tariff annexed to stamp duty law approved with Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 201, statements sent to customers and related to all the financial products and 
instruments, including those not deposited, are subject to stamp duty at the rate of 0.20%. The maximum 
amount due is set at €14,000 for Noteholders other than individuals. 
The tax is applied to each statement, on the total market value, or in its absence, on the face or repayment 
value of securities and financial products. The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for 
instruments for which is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case 
of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable pro rata. Based on the wording of the 
law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Finance on 25 May 2012, the stamp duty 
applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 15 July 
2015) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian 
territory. 
Wealth tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19, (18-23), of Decree No. 201, as subsequently amended and supplemented, Italian 
resident individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships including società semplici or similar 
partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917 holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are 
required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20% for each year. The maximum amount due is set at €14,000 
for Noteholders other than individuals. 
The tax is calculated on the fair market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, in the case the 
fair market value cannot be determined, on their nominal values or redemption values, or in the case the face 
or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including banking 
bonds, obbligazioni and capital adequacy financial instruments) held abroad by Italian resident individuals. A 
tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial assets. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, as converted with amendments by Law No. 286 of 24 
November 2006, inheritance and gift taxes have been re-introduced in Italy, with effect as of 3 October 2006. 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply according to the following rates and exclusions: 
(a) 
if assets (including money) pass to a spouse, as well as to any linear descendent, tax is levied at a rate 
of 4 per cent. The tax applies to the value of the assets (net of liabilities) left to each heir/beneficiary 
which exceeded €1,000,000; 
(b) 
assets (including money) pass to a relative within the fourth degree or to a linear relative-in-law, as 
well as to a collateral relative within the third degree, tax is levied at a rate of 6 per cent. The tax 
applies to the value of the assets (net of liabilities) exceeding €100,000, if assets are left to a brother or 
sister;

--- Page 342 ---
A47398444 
342 
 
(c) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons affected by a handicap deemed as “critical” pursuant to Law No. 
104 of 5 February 1992, inheritance and gift taxes apply only on the value exceeding €1,500,000. 
Under Article 1 (114) of the Finance Act 2017, the mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a 
long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 
13-bis of of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 
(219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022 are exempt from inheritance 
taxes. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, as amended by Law No. 97 of 6 August 2013 and by 
Law No. 50 of 28 March 2014, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (in particular, società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy are required 
to report in their yearly income tax declaration, for tax monitoring purposes the amount of Notes issued by 
Assicurazioni Generali held abroad during each tax year.  
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the beneficial owner of the instrument for anti-money laundering purposes. The above 
reporting is not required to be complied with respect to Notes deposited for management with qualified Italian 
intermediaries and with respect to contracts entered into through their intervention, provided that the financial 
flows and income derived from the Notes are subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
EU Directive on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation 
On 9 July 2015, the Italian Parliament adopted Law No. 114 delegating the Italian Government to implement 
in Italy certain EU Council Directives, including Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative 
Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU). Such Directive is 
aimed at broadening the scope of the operational mechanism of intra-EU automatic exchange of information 
in order to fight cross-border tax fraud and evasion. The Italian government implemented the above-
mentioned Council Directive 2014/107/EU in the Ministerial Decree issued by the Ministry of Finance on 28 
December 2015, as amended by the Ministerial Decree of 17 January 2017. Following the Ministerial Decree 
quoted, the Italian tax authorities may communicate to other EU Member States information about interest 
and other categories of financial income of Italian source, including income from the Notes. 
Furthermore, the Italian Government implemented the later changes to the Council Directive 2011/16/EU, 
including the changes introduced by the Council Directive 2376/2015/EU on the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information on advance cross-border rulings and advance pricing arrangements, through the issue 
of the Legislative Decree 15 March 2017, no. 32, and by the Council Directive 2016/2258/EU as regards 
access to anti-money-laundering information by tax authorities, through the issue of the Legislative Decree 18 
May 2018, no. 60. 
LUXEMBOURG 
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to the Notes. It 
specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the Notes withheld at source and provides an 
indication as to whether the Issuer assumes responsibility for the withholding of taxes at the source. It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in Luxembourg 
or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’

--- Page 343 ---
A47398444 
343 
 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes payments of interest, principal 
and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
Luxembourg. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Prospectus. The information 
contained within this section is limited to general withholding, income, wealth and value added taxation 
issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, including (but 
not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to 
the application as regards Luxembourg resident individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 as 
amended (the “Relibi Law”), and of circular Relibi no. 1 issued by the Luxembourg tax administration on 27 
February 2017 (the “Relibi Circular”), which provides for a 20 per cent withholding tax on savings income 
paid by a Luxembourg paying agent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the 
beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for withholding the 20 per cent. tax in application of the Relibi Law and the Relibi Circular is 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. In addition, pursuant to the Luxembourg law of 17 July 2008 and 
to the Relibi Circular, Luxembourg resident individuals can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax 
(which is final when the Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in the context of the management of their 
private wealth) on interest payments made by certain paying agents not established in Luxembourg, i.e., 
paying agents located in an EU member state other than Luxembourg or a member state of the European 
Economic Area other than an EU member state. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of 
the Notes, unless the disposal of the Notes precedes the acquisition of the Notes or the Notes are disposed of 
within six months of the date of acquisition of these Notes. Upon the sale, redemption or exchange of the 
Notes, accrued but unpaid interest will be subject to the 20 per cent. withholding tax or the self-applied tax, if 
applicable. Individual Luxembourg resident Noteholders receiving the interest as business income must 
include the portion of the price corresponding to this interest in their taxable income. The 20 per cent. 
Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their final income tax liability. 
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders, or non-resident Noteholders which have a permanent 
establishment, a permanent representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg with which the holding 
of the Notes is connected, must for income tax purposes include in their taxable income any interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) as well as the difference between the sale or redemption price and the 
lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed.  
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders which are companies benefiting from a special tax regime (such 
as family wealth management companies subject to the law of 11 May 2007, undertakings for collective 
investment subject to the law of 17 December 2010 or specialised investment funds subject to the law of 13 
February 2007, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016, provided it is 
not foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and 
that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies) are tax exempt entities in Luxembourg, 
and are thus not subject to any Luxembourg tax (i.e., corporate income tax, municipal business tax and net 
wealth tax) other than the annual subscription tax calculated on their (paid up) share capital (and share 
premium) or net asset value and the minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 344 ---
A47398444 
344 
 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on the Notes held by an individual Noteholder or a corporate 
Noteholder, unless (a) such Noteholder is a corporate Noteholder resident in Luxembourg other than a 
Noteholder governed by (i) the laws of 17 December 2010 and 13 February 2007 on undertakings for 
collective investment; (ii) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation; (iii) the law of 15 June 2004 on the 
investment company in risk capital; or (iv) the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies; 
or (v) the law of 23 July 2016 on the reserved alternative investment funds, or (b) the Notes held by a 
corporate Noteholder which is not resident in Luxembourg are attributable to an enterprise or part thereof 
which is carried on in Luxembourg through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative. 
However, a securitisation company subject to the law of 22 March 2004 and a company subject to the law of 
15 June 2004 on investment company in risk capital are subject to a minimum net wealth tax, as well as a 
reserved alternative investment fund subject to the law of 23 July 2016, provided it is foreseen in the 
incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of 
the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable by a holder of a Note in respect of payments in 
consideration for the issue of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes, 
or the transfer of the Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any similar tax or duty payable in 
Luxembourg in respect of or in connection with the issue, execution, delivery and enforcement by legal 
proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of Luxembourg) of the Notes or the performance of 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, except in the case (i) of a voluntary registration of the Notes in 
Luxembourg or (ii) should the Notes be appended to a document that requires mandatory registration in 
Luxembourg. 
Residence 
A Noteholder will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of its 
holding of Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of that or any other Notes. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published its detailed proposal for a common FTT in 
Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia and Spain (the 
“participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
Following the meeting of the Council of the EU of 14 June 2019, the FTT currently being considered by the 
participating Member States would be levied on the acquisition of shares or similar instruments of listed 
companies which have their head office in a member state of the EU (and market capitalisation in excess of 
€1 billion on 1 December of the preceding year), rather than on any type of financial instrument. In order to 
reach a final agreement among the participating Member States, further work in the Council and its 
preparatory bodies will be required in order to ensure that the competences, rights and obligations of non-
participating EU member states are respected.  
If the proposed directive or any similar tax was adopted and depending on the final terms and scope of the 
FTT, transactions on the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes 
may be diminished.

--- Page 345 ---
A47398444 
345 
 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.  
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”), to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The 
Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, under 
proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers 
may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Holders should consult their 
own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 346 ---
A47398444 
346 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Continental 
Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Mizuho Securities Europe 
GmbH, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Natixis, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE, UniCredit Bank 
AG or any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under 
which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, the Dealers or any 
of them are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 25 May 2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between 
the Issuer and the Dealers. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D, unless “TEFRA Not Applicable” is specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
not Rule 144A eligible. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche  within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Series of Notes may also be subject to such further US Selling Restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree and as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA (each, a “Member State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown

--- Page 347 ---
A47398444 
347 
 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom public offer selling restriction for prospectuses  
If the Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom, except 
that the Notes may be offered to the public in the United Kingdom at any time:  
(a) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(b) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA.  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and any Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus) in respect of the Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented

--- Page 348 ---
A47398444 
348 
 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) to any retail investor in the EEA.   
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms (or, as the case may be, Drawdown Prospectus) in respect of the Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and

--- Page 349 ---
A47398444 
349 
 
 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21 (1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except, in accordance with the exceptions provided under the Prospectus 
Regulation and any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute copies of the Base Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy except: 
(a) 
to “qualified investors”, as referred to in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 
of 24 February 1998, as amended (“Decree No. 58”), Article 34-ter of the CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the “Consolidated Banking Law”), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Law or any applicable implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, all as amended from time to time; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy and/or other competent 
authority.

--- Page 350 ---
A47398444 
350 
 
The Issuer and each Dealer acknowledges and accepts that in no event may the Notes be sold or transferred 
(at any time after the Issue Date) to persons other than “qualified investors”, as referred to under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, “Resident of Japan” shall mean any resident of Japan 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a “Prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “Companies Ordinance”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to 
be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws 
of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
The Republic of China (“ROC”) 
This Base Prospectus is not an offer or sale, directly or indirectly, of any Notes in the ROC or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any resident of the ROC. The Notes may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in 
the ROC. 
People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the People’s Republic of China (for such purposes, not including 
the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as permitted by the securities 
laws of the People’s Republic of China. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold

--- Page 351 ---
A47398444 
351 
 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(a) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to 
any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(i) of the 
SFA; 
 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes 
described herein in Switzerland. The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or 
indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and 
no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing

--- Page 352 ---
A47398444 
352 
 
material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Canada 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that the Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, 
or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-
106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all case at its own expenses. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their 
possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the any of the restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out 
above) shall be deemed to be modified to the extent (if at all) that such restrictions shall, as a result of 
change(s), or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof of applicable laws and regulations, no 
longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
“General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 353 ---
A47398444 
353 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and the relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg. Application has also 
been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the 
Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading 
facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme was authorised by resolution of the Boards of Directors of the Issuer on 6 
November 2019. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorizations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes.  
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of 
each Series will be specified in the relevant Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any 
further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi, Albert I, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Litigation 
Save as otherwise described in the paragraph headed “Description of Assicurazioni Generali S.p:A. - 
Litigation pending” and disclosed in the paragraph headed “Litigation” in the Management Report on the 
non-consolidated financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings against or affecting the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, nor is the Issuer aware of any such 
pending or threatened proceedings of such kind during the 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus, 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer or the Generali Group’s 
financial position or profitability or which are or might be material in the context of the Programme or the 
issue of the Notes. 
No significant change 
Save as otherwise disclosed in “Description of Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. – Recent developments” on 
pages 322 to 327 of this Base Prospectus, the paragraph headed “Outlook” on pages 161-163 of the Annual 
Integrated Report on the consolidated financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 and the 2022 1Q Results Press Release (in its entirety), both incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus, since 31 March 2022 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of 
which the most recent interim financial information of the Issuer have been published), there has been no 
significant change to the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer and, if applicable, its 
Subsidiaries as a whole.

--- Page 354 ---
A47398444 
354 
 
Material adverse change 
Save as otherwise disclosed in “Description of Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. – Recent developments” on 
pages 323 to 327 of this Base Prospectus, the paragraph headed “Outlook” on pages 161-163 of the Annual 
Integrated Report on the consolidated financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 and the 2022 1Q Results Press Release (in its entirety), both incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2021. 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any Generali Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities being issued. 
Change in control 
There are no arrangements known to the Issuer, the operation of which may result in a change of control of 
the Issuer other than as described herein. 
Websites 
The website of the Issuer is www.generali.com. The information on www.generali.com does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the Assicurazioni Generali 
S.p.A. website has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Documents available  
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes are outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, 
English translations of the following documents may be obtained during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any supplement to this Base Prospectus); 
(b) 
the most recent publicly available annual consolidated financial statements of Assicurazioni Generali 
beginning with such financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 (together with English translations); 
(c) 
the most recent publicly available consolidated semi-annual financial statements of Assicurazioni 
Generali (together with English translations); 
(d) 
the most recent publicly available unaudited consolidated quarterly financial statements (if any) of 
Assicurazioni Generali (together with English translations); 
(e) 
each Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(g) 
the by-laws of the Issuer; 
(h) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); and 
(i) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (but in the case of any Notes which are not admitted

--- Page 355 ---
A47398444 
355 
 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, 
copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders). 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms 
relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
on the Professional Segment or for the Notes to be displayed on the LGX Platform of the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and each document incorporated by reference are available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website at www.bourse.lu and on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.generali.com/investors/debt-ratings/listed-debt-securities-disclaimer. A copy of Schedule 1 
(Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) to each Agency Agreement is available at the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.generali.com/, and a copy of the by-laws of the Issuer may be obtained from the website of the 
Issuer at https://www.generali.com/governance/corporate-governance-system/articles-of-association. 
The Sustainability Bond Framework or any other such framework prepared by the Issuer in relation to Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds, together with any opinion on such 
framework issued by a second party consultant as well as a report by the Issuer on the allocation of an amount 
equal to the net proceeds from the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds, 
and on associated impacts of the investments made, in each case, from time to time published by the Issuer, 
will be available in the “investor relations” section on the website of the Issuer at https://www.generali.com. 
Independent Auditors 
The independent auditors of Assicurazioni Generali for the 2012-2020 financial years were EY S.p.A., who 
are authorised and regulated by the MEF and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the 
MEF. KPMG S.p.A., who are authorised and regulated by the MEF and registered on the special register of 
auditing firms held by the MEF, were appointed as auditors of Assicurazioni Generali for the financial years 
2021-2029.  
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 549300X5UKJVE386ZB61. 
Conditions for determining price  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Passporting 
The Issuer may, on or after the date of this Base Prospectus, make applications for one or more further 
certificates of approval under Articles 24 and 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to be issued by the CSSF to the 
competent authority in any Member State. 
Rating Agencies 
Each of AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V. and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation, and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. Moody’s Investors Service Ltd is 
established in the United Kingdom and is endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH, established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
The Issuer’s long-term debt rating issued by each of AM Best (EU) Rating Services B.V., Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited and Moody’s Deutschland GmbH are set out in the table below:

--- Page 356 ---
A47398444 
356 
 
 
 
Rating 
AM Best (EU) Rating Services 
B.V. 
Senior 
A 
Subordinated 
a- 
Outlook 
Stable 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
Senior 
A- 
Subordinated 
BBB(1) 
Outlook 
positive 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH 
Senior 
Baa1 
Subordinated 
Baa2 
Outlook 
stable 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer will not provide any post issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to 
trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (acting in its capacity as Listing Agent as well as Fiscal 
Agent, Paying Agent and Calculation Agent under the Agency Agreement), being part of a financial group 
providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may (on the terms and 
subject to the provisions set out in the Agency Agreement) entrust parts of its operational processes to other 
BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in 
Luxembourg. 
Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch may be provided upon request. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including their parent companies) have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, or provide financing to, Assicurazioni Generali and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Furthermore, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates (including their 
parent companies) may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of any of Assicurazioni Generali or any of its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or 
their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default

--- Page 357 ---
A47398444 
357 
 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by 
the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. For a discussion of these risks, see 
“Risk Factors - Potential conflict of interest of a Dealer acting as Calculation Agent” on page 51.  
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. has designated one or more members of the Board of 
Directors of Assicurazioni Generali.

--- Page 358 ---
A47398444 
358 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
Piazza Duca degli Abruzzi 2 
34132 Trieste Italy 
DEALERS  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.  
Ciudad BBVA 
C/ Sauceda, 28  
Edificio Asia - 2nd Floor   
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
 
Banco Santander, S.A.  
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid  
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
  
 Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom  
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Mediobanca –Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom  
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France  
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4  
60306 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany

--- Page 359 ---
A47398444 
359 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany  
 
FISCAL AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian Law: 
Studio Legale Cappelli RCCD 
Piazza Castello, 27 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian Law: 
Linklaters Studio Legale Associato 
in association with Linklaters LLP 
Via Fatebenefratelli, 14 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO ASSICURAZIONI GENERALI S.p.A. 
from 2012 to 2020 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli, 12 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
from 2021 to the date of this Base Prospectus 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 27/31 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg